Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6861 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2017 No. 175 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 31, 2017, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , OCTOBER 30, 2017 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
ODD Y
OUNG , a Senator from the State of In-diana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, we are grateful for Your goodness. Your faithful love endures forever. We cannot list the miracles You have done throughout our lives and history. Lord, establish our lawmakers with Your might. When they go through dry and barren places, become for them a stream of water in life’s desert. Dem-onstrate Your mighty wisdom as they seek to solve the daunting problems of our time. May Your promises never fail, as Your will is done on Earth even as it is done in Heaven. Eternal Spirit, You are the rock of our salvation, our help in ages past, and our hope for years to come. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, October 30, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
ODD YOUNG , a Sen- ator from the State of Indiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. YOUNG thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the past 8 years, we had a President who selected nominees for our Nation’s judiciary based upon what became known as the ‘‘empathy standard,’’ an ideological litmus test designed to find judicial nominees who would favor cer-tain groups or individuals over others. It is a great standard if you are the party in a case for whom the judge has empathy. It is not so great if you are the other person. Not only does this standard deny every litigant a fair shake, but it also disregards our Na-tion’s bedrock legal tradition of dis-pensing equal justice under the law. President Trump, on the other hand, selected nominees who would help en-sure that the judiciary is true to its role in our democracy. Later today, the Senate will vote to confirm one of those nominees, Trevor McFadden, as a district court judge for the District of Columbia. His nomination was ap-proved by the Judiciary Committee without a single vote in opposition. Democrats needlessly delayed his vote on the floor anyway. We have seen many delay tactics from them already this year. We have pushed through every time. We are going to push through again today. We are going to confirm the impressive ju-dicial nominee before us, and we are going to confirm more judicial nomi-nees in the coming days as well. Our effort to confirm qualified judi-cial nominees this year would not be possible without the tireless work and effective leadership of our Judiciary Committee chairman, CHUCK GRASS -
LEY. To build on the excellent work of his committee, I filed cloture last week on four well-qualified circuit court nominees. These nominees understand that their role as a judge is to put aside their personal preferences and in-stead decide cases based on what the law says. We will confirm all of them this week, no matter how long that takes. The first of these four circuit court nominees that we will confirm this week is Professor Amy Barrett, who was nominated by the President to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. A mother of seven, Professor Barrett began her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.000 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6862 October 30, 2017 
legal career by clerking for Judge Lau-rence Silberman of the DC Circuit and then for Justice Antonin Scalia. These prestigious clerkships gave her the op-portunity to work closely with two gi-ants of the legal field. Today, she is a respected professor at the University of Notre Dame, where, by the way, she was honored as Distinguished Professor of the Year twice. Professor Barrett will bring a wealth of knowledge to the bench. Professor Barrett happens to be a Catholic. Her faith is important to her. She has spoken freely about it and its impact on her life. But she also under-stands the role of a judge, which is not to let personal beliefs dictate how cases are decided. Unbelievably, some on the political left, including some of our Democratic colleagues, are criticizing her because as a law student she cowrote a law journal article that argued just that. Her coauthor of the article, John Gar-vey, is now the president of Catholic University. He recently wrote the fol-lowing: 
Amy Barrett, a law professor at Notre Dame, was grilled on Wednesday by Demo-crats on the Senate Judiciary Committee about an article she and I wrote together in 1998 when I was a law professor and she was my student. In that article we argued that the death penalty was immoral, as the Catholic Church teaches (in common with Quakers, Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Methodists, and the 38 member communions in the National Council of Churches). We went on to say that a Catholic judge who held that view might, in rare cases, have to recuse herself under . . . [the] federal statute that asks a federal judge to step aside when she has conscientious scruples that prevent her from deciding a case in conformity with the facts and the law. 
President Garvey went on to write: 
Perhaps the Alliance for Justice, which has mounted a campaign to discredit Professor Barrett, didn’t get that far in reading the ar-ticle. Its website says this: ‘‘Stunningly, Barrett has asserted that judges should not follow the law or the Constitution when it conflicts with their personal religious be-liefs. In fact, [this group claimed] Barrett has said that judges should be free to put their personal views ahead of their judicial oath to faithfully follow the law.’’ 
President Garvey noted, however: 
Barrett (and I) said no such thing— 
No such thing— 
We said precisely the opposite. 
This opposition to Professor Barrett is so upside down that it leaves people like President Garvey wondering whether there is something else going on here. President Garvey concluded: 
The case against Prof. Barrett is so flimsy that you have to wonder whether there isn’t some other, unspoken, cause for their objec-tion. 
The president of Notre Dame also weighed in about these criticisms of Professor Barrett. Here is some of what he said in his letter to the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee: 
Your concern, as you expressed it, is that ‘‘dogma lives loudly in [Professor Barrett], and that is a concern when you come to big issues that large numbers of people have fought for years in this country.’’ I am one in whose heart ‘‘dogma lives loud-ly,’’ as it has for centuries in the lives of many Americans, some of whom have given their lives in service to this nation. . . . It is chilling to hear from a United States Sen-ator that this might now disqualify someone from service as a federal judge. I ask you and your colleagues to respect those in whom ‘‘dogma lives loudly’’—which is a condition we call faith. A condition we call faith. 
For the attempt to live such faith while one upholds the law should command re-spect, not evoke concern. Professor Barrett has made it clear that she would ‘‘follow unflinchingly’’ all legal precedent and, in rare cases in which her conscience would not allow her to do so, she would recuse herself. 
I will say that again: 
. . . in rare cases in which her conscience would not allow her to do so, she would recuse herself. I can assure you that she is a person of in-tegrity who acts in accord with the prin-ciples she articulates. 
Let me remind colleagues that arti-cle VI of the Constitution provides that ‘‘no religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office.’’ That is the U.S. Constitution. Accord-ing to the Founders, this was done to ensure that ‘‘the people may employ any wise or good citizen in the execu-tion of the various duties of the gov-ernment.’’ Professor Barrett of Notre Dame is just such a wise and good person, and when the Senate confirms her to the Seventh Circuit, our judiciary and our Nation will be better off. I strongly support her nomination and would urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, good afternoon. This morning, the former chairman of the Trump campaign for President and a close associate turned themselves in to Federal authorities on a dozen charges, including acting as unregistered agents of a foreign power and conspiracy against the United States. The indictments of Mr. Manafort and Mr. Gates show that the special counsel’s probe is progressing in a very serious way. Mueller is mov-ing forward. What we know now is that an alleged unregistered foreign agent, who is charged with laundering tens of mil-lions of dollars from foreign govern-ments on behalf of their agenda, was given a chairmanship of a campaign for the Presidency of the United States and, with it, untold influence on the fu-ture President and his party. We know that Mr. Manafort has had continuing contact with the President since his resignation from the campaign. Just as shocking was the admission by a Trump campaign adviser that he met with a Kremlin contact to discuss so-called ‘‘dirt’’ on Secretary Clinton. While we know that Mr. Papadopolous had extensive email exchanges with other Trump officials regarding his outreach to Russian officials, his ad-mission released today raises many more questions than it answers. Mr. Mueller and his team should be allowed to seek answers to those questions without interference from the Presi-dent or anyone else. The stakes could not be higher. We are talking about the pride and wellspring of our grand democracy— free and fair elections—which have been going on for more than two cen-turies and were disturbed and adulter-ated by a hostile, foreign power, with no good intent for the people of this country. It is critical that we need to get to the bottom of this. That is Spe-cial Counsel Mueller’s job, and he must be allowed to perform it without inter-ference. The rule of law is paramount in America. We pride ourselves on it. The investigation must be allowed to pro-ceed unimpeded. The President must not, under any circumstances, in any way, interfere with the special coun-sel’s work. If he does, Congress must respond swiftly, unequivocally, and in a bipartisan way to ensure that the in-vestigation continues and the truth— the whole truth comes out. f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. SCHUMER. On judges, Mr. Presi-dent, this week the majority leader has scheduled votes on four circuit court nominations. It is the first time, in my memory, that the Senate is being asked to process four circuit court judges in a single week. The circuit courts have an immense influence on our country, adjudicating some of the thorniest of legal issues. Only the rar-est and most vexing circuit court deci-sions are appealed to and taken up by the Supreme Court. For this reason, we typically don’t sandwich circuit court nominees back to back to back to back only a week—only a week—after they have emerged from committee because Members who are not on the Judiciary Committee usually need time—always need time to review these candidates for such important, powerful, and far- reaching positions. Why has the majority leader de-parted from this practice? Well, one can argue it is because the Republican agenda has been such a failure in this Congress, the leader has chosen to try and accomplish through the courts what Republicans have been unable to achieve through the legislative proc-ess. The Republican agenda has been so unpopular with the American people that it has stalled at every juncture so now they have made a brazen move to pack the courts with activist judges and remake them in their conservative, ideological image. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.001 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6863 October 30, 2017 
Why has the majority leader done it? The hard right, frustrated by the fail-ure of repeal and replace, has, for months, been pressuring Senator M
CCONNELL to do something aggres-sive. Senator M
CCONNELL , once again, despite his desire to make the Senate work—and I believe that is sincere—is bending to the hard right of his party by jamming through these judges, breaking the norms and traditions of the Senate in the process. I intend to oppose these extremist nominees. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN Mr. SCHUMER. Finally, Mr. Presi-dent, on taxes, the Republicans have promised to release the details of their tax plan this week. After months of talking about a plan with very few spe-cifics, we will finally get to see how the Republican leadership plans to rewrite the Tax Code. From all indications so far, the details of the Republican tax plan will be cheered by those in the country clubs and corporate board-rooms. Working Americans, on the other hand, might not have very much to cheer about. The top 1 percent, law firms, hedge fund managers, can celebrate a lower top rate and an enormous new tax loop-hole in the form of lower rates on passthroughs. People who will most take advantage of these passthroughs are not small businesses. They can’t af-ford all the lawyers and stuff. It will be the biggest, the most powerful, the richest, the wealthiest 5,200 families in America—those with estates over $5 million—who can celebrate the absurd repeal of the estate tax. Corporate America can celebrate hundreds of bil-lions in tax cuts, which large corpora-tions usually spend, not on new jobs— it is not what the history shows—but on CEO bonuses, stock buybacks, divi-dends. So while the wealthy and well- off will be busy celebrating the new tax breaks they might get if the Repub-lican plan passes, working America will be looking over their shoulder at some real tax hikes. Republicans are debating how to eliminate or reduce State and local de-ductibility—a bedrock, middle-class de-duction claimed by nearly one-third of all taxpayers, the vast majority of whom make less than $200,000 a year. The Republican framework says they are going to eliminate the deduction, which totals tens of thousands of dol-lars a year for many working families. That is why removing State and local raises $1.3 trillion in revenue, and the GOP plans to spend that tax increase they are getting from the middle class on tax cuts for big corporations and the superrich. To be clear, it is a $1.3 trillion hike on middle-class families. Now, there is a compromise on State and local deductibility that has been floated in the press. It is hardly much better. The Republicans are talking about continuing to allow State and local deductibility for property taxes but not income and sales taxes. That compromise raises $900 billion, mean-ing that Republicans, even with the compromise, are instituting nearly a trillion-dollar tax hike on working families to pay for breaks at the very top. No matter how they construct this compromise, Republicans are still socking it to the middle class and the upper middle class but this time pick-ing winners and losers. Sales taxes hit consumers the hardest. Ending the State and local deductibility for sales tax would fall on the backs of working- class and middle-class Americans, par-ticularly in States like Tennessee, Florida, and Nevada, which don’t have an income tax but have a large sales tax. States like Chairman B
RADY ’s, Texas, on the other hand, which have very high property taxes, would be much better off. Worse still, the tax hike from this so- called SALT compromise would heap pressure on State and local govern-ments across the country to make the agonizing decision about whether to raise taxes or cut spending for serv-ices—education, law enforcement, hos-pitals, highway building—on which their middle-class constituents rely. A warning to my Republican col-leagues from high sales tax States like Tennessee, Florida, and Nevada and high-income States—a lot of Repub-lican Congressmen in those States of New York, New Jersey, California, Minnesota, Virginia, Colorado—that this State and local compromise will not solve your problem. The com-promise does not solve your problem. It will still hit your constituents right in their wallets. Now, another debate on the other side of the aisle is how to cap Ameri-cans’ pretax contributions to their 401(k) plans. Can you believe it? Here in America, where we want to help the middle class save, where we want to en-courage savings, we are making it harder? In layman’s terms, here is what our Republican colleagues want to do. They want to tax your 401(k)s. I can’t believe my Republican friends are even considering such a bad idea. We have had bipartisan support on expand-ing the ability to retire, particularly now that so many companies are no longer giving pensions. Giving Americans the ability to put away pretax dollars for their retire-ment is one of the few provisions in our Tax Code that encourage early savings. Capping the amount Americans can contribute pretax or, in other words, turning every 401(k) into something more like a Roth IRA, will discourage Americans from saving and handicap their ability to retire with dignity and security now that defined benefit plans are declining. For years, we Democrats—often joined by Republican colleagues—have fought for policies that would make 401(k)s more attractive, provide greater benefits—in other words, the exact op-posite of what the Republican leader-ship is considering. We have put for-ward proposals on autoenrollment, in-creasing incentives for businesses that enroll workers and match contribu-tions and letting small businesses pool together to offer plans. Each of these ideas would encourage more Ameri-cans, particularly younger families who have great burdens on them, to start saving early for retirement, which everyone agrees is essential to building up enough of a nest egg to live out your golden years in some degree of dignity and comfort. The Republican proposals say to every future retiree that they don’t care about your ability to retire. They just want to get your tax revenue into Federal coffers as soon as possible so they can give a tax break to the very wealthy—that top 1 percent. The contrast could not be clearer. Democrats want to expand and enhance 401(k) plans, not cut them and cap them. That is a better deal for Amer-ican workers and for middle-class fami-lies. So instead of this one-party, secre-tive approach, Democrats and Repub-licans should be meeting with each other, talking about tax reform in a bi-partisan setting to forge a bipartisan proposal. That is what committees were designed to do. That is what reg-ular order was designed to produce. Just like on healthcare, our Repub-lican friends are straining the legisla-tive traditions of this body and risking their ability to govern effectively—we saw what happened with healthcare— by going at it alone. The American people expect more of their elected officials than that of an assembly line of partisan legislation, crafted in secret, considered with such haste. I know why our Republican col-leagues want to rush this through. They know the more the American peo-ple learn about this bill, the more it fa-vors the wealthy over the middle class, the less they will like it. Just like with healthcare, once this bill is unveiled— now only 30 percent of the American people support it and even fewer will. Maybe our Republican colleagues will see the light and work with us to get good tax reform that focuses on the middle class, not on the top 1 percent. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.003 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6864 October 30, 2017 
Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the McFadden nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Trevor N. McFadden, of Vir-ginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Texas. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I came to the floor to talk about judges, and I will in just a moment because the ma-jority leader has now filed for cloture— that is a process that will end up in an up-or-down vote—on four distinguished nominees for the circuit court of ap-peals. Coming on the tail end of the re-marks of the Democratic leader, I must say that sometimes I feel like Wash-ington, DC, is a parallel universe that bears very little relation to the rest of the country or the rest of the world be-cause to hear the Democratic leader talk about some tax plan being written in secret defies the facts. The facts are, this is going to be done in a very public sort of way. I expect that as soon as Wednesday, the House of Representatives will re-lease their proposal and then, shortly thereafter, the Senate will likewise re-lease its proposal that will then be amended and debated in the Senate Fi-nance Committee just like the House bill will be debated and amended in the House Ways and Means Committee. These will be very public, and indeed they should be because they are going to touch on the ways that I believe we can unleash this sleeping giant of an economy, get the economy growing again, get businesses invested here in the United States, and higher wages and jobs for American families, from which all Americans will benefit, re-gardless of their tax bracket. I have read that some of our Demo-cratic colleagues—we heard a little bit of this when the President invited the bipartisan Senate Finance Committee members over to the White House just a week or so ago. Some of our Demo-cratic colleagues said: Well, we haven’t been included in the process. Well, they made it clear that they don’t want to be included, but I hope they will change their mind, and they will have that opportunity during the course of the Senate Finance Com-mittee debate and amendment process. No one will be prohibited from offering an idea or debating an idea as we work through the process of a tax reform package that will, as I said, hopefully bring down the taxes for hard-working American families, let them keep more of what they earn, and, in the process, improve their standard of living. As we reform our business Tax Code—which, as President Obama pointed out in 2011, is literally a self- inflicted wound because we have the highest business tax rate in the world, which makes it more likely that busi-nesses will want to invest abroad in jobs and their infrastructure, rather than invest here in America—we want to bring all of that back here so that investors will invest in jobs in America and so that manufacturers can proudly stamp what they make here in Amer-ica: ‘‘Made in America.’’ That is what we are striving for. Again, I know our Democratic col-league, my friend, the Senator from New York, has a job to do on behalf of the Democrats. But it is, as I described at the outset, a parallel universe from what is actually happening. It does not bear any relationship to the reality that we have offered our Democratic colleagues to participate with us in growing the economy and giving hard- working American families the oppor-tunity to keep more of what they earn and, thus, improve their standard of living. Mr. President, at times this Chamber is marked by a spirit of hard work, cor-diality, and bipartisanship. Unfortu-nately, this is not one of those times. Since President Trump’s inauguration, our Democratic colleagues have been needlessly obstructing the confirma-tion of extremely qualified nominees, and lately their focus has been on ob-structing nominees for our Nation’s Federal courts. But, certainly, their obstruction has been across the spec-trum of nominees—slowing down nomi-nees, forcing us to burn time, and then finally confirming nominees which they, by and large, will vote in favor of. This is done for no other purpose than to make it harder for the Presi-dent, now that he has been elected, to get his team on the field and to serve the interests of the American people and the President’s administration. Lately, as I pointed out, their focus has been on the Federal courts. The majority leader filed four nominations last Thursday, and we hope our Demo-cratic colleagues will think better of dragging out the clock on what is al-ready a certain outcome, which is con-firmation of these four nominees. If they do, no one will be surprised. This year, the Democrats have thrown up every obstacle they can, re-quiring procedural votes, needless de-bates, and a lot of time burned here on the Senate clock, with no one on the floor talking about anything one way or the other. It is what we call quorum calls here, when America tunes into what is happening on the Senate floor and there is nothing happening, other than the clerk calling the roll from time to time. That is time we could be using for bipartisan legislation. But the goal here for our friends across the aisle is to cause us to burn the time, keep us from doing the people’s work, and obstruct the President’s nominees to the Federal bench and beyond. The irony here is that our Demo-cratic colleagues have even obstructed judges originally nominated by Presi-dent Obama, so they are not particu-larly picky in terms of the judges and the nominees they will obstruct. But all they have really accomplished so far is wasting the Senate’s time and trying the patience of the American people, who know that there is more productive work to be done than sim-ply having endless quorum calls and si-lence on the Senate floor while we burn the time on the clock in order to get these nominees confirmed. Our colleagues know that these tac-tics will not actually stop a nomina-tion, but they insist on engaging in them anyway, to the detriment of ev-eryone, including the American people. This year, they forced needless cloture votes on seven of eight district and cir-cuit court nominees—more than in any other early Presidency—and they de-manded that we use the full 30 hours of floor time per nominee, which Senate rules currently allow for. These are partisan roadblocks that never change the outcome. They are just dilly-dal-lying. They intend to grind this body’s normal procedures to a snail’s pace so that nothing much else gets done, and, oh, by the way, then they complain that not enough is being done. That is the tactic. That is the game plan. By way of comparison, during the first year of President Obama’s Presi-dency, only once did Senate Repub-licans require a cloture vote on one of the President’s nominees. In this Trump administration, Senate Demo-crats have forced cloture votes on all of the President’s nominees except for one. This is all a game to waste time— and maybe a little bit for show. These tactics don’t change the out-come—which is confirmation—iron-ically, because of the even more cyn-ical ploy adopted by Democrats under President Obama. The Senate used to require 60 votes for confirmation of judges. This permitted the minority to block judges who were truly out of the mainstream or who did not enjoy the support of their home State Senators. Senator Harry Reid, when he was ma-jority leader—just a few years ago— changed all that. But it seems as though it backfired on him. He tore up the rule book when he invoked the so- called nuclear option in November of 2013 and changed the Senate rules to jam through three nominees to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, eliminating the so-called filibuster because Demo-crats were upset that the DC Circuit was blocking regulatory overreach by the Obama administration. Now the filibuster is gone, and I hope that going forward, our Democratic colleagues will recall their previous ac-tions as our caucus proceeds with fill-ing these vacancies. It is good that these outcomes are not in doubt be-cause these positions are too crucial to be left open any longer, even if it means we stay in session over the weekend or at night. On appellate nominations, we are going to move forward with four— whether the Democrats cooperate or not—because these are nominees who are highly qualified, well-respected ju-rists and academics. They are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.005 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6865 October 30, 2017 
Notre Dame law professor, Amy Bar-rett, nominated for the Seventh Cir-cuit; Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen, nominated for the Sixth Circuit; Colorado Supreme Court Jus-tice Allison Eid, nominated to the Tenth Circuit—that is the seat vacated by Judge Neil Gorsuch, elevated now to the Supreme Court of the United States—and the University of Pennsyl-vania law professor, Stephanos Bibas, nominated for the Third Circuit. I look forward to talking in more de-tail about the high intellectual caliber and remarkable qualifications of these four nominees in the coming days. This is going to occupy the rest of this week. It is worth noting at the outset that the four include three of the most accomplished female lawyers in the United States. For now, the important thing to note is our determination to get this done. Under Republican leadership, we are working to deliver for the American people, and confirming judicial nomi-nations is just one example. Today, the Senate is scheduled to confirm Trevor McFadden to the U.S. District Court for the District of Co-lumbia. Mr. McFadden was voted out of the Senate Judiciary Committee—on which I serve—unanimously in July. He is Deputy Assistant Attorney Gen-eral in the Criminal Division of the De-partment of Justice. He graduated from the University of Virginia School of Law and has extensive experience in law enforcement. This is someone who was voted unanimously out of the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee, yet Senate Democrats are denying him a voice vote or other expedited process—again, forcing us to burn the clock just to get his nomination voted on. Last week, though, we confirmed Scott Palk of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma, despite the same sorts of games. Mr. Palk was originally nominated to the same seat by President Obama in 2015, so one would have thought that our Democratic colleagues would relent and ditch their procedural gimmicks. But no, they didn’t, even for a judge originally nominated by President Obama. Fortunately, it didn’t matter because Mr. Palk ultimately was con-firmed by a substantial margin of 79 to 16. So why the delay? Why the obstruc-tion? Why the foot-dragging if 79 Sen-ators, on a bipartisan basis, are going to confirm the nomination? I, for one, would like to commend the President on his sterling picks, not only of the recent district and circuit court nominees but also of a judge I mentioned a little bit earlier, now Su-preme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. To date, four of President Trump’s appel-late nominees have already been con-firmed: two for the Sixth Circuit, one for the Eleventh, and one for the Eighth, respectively. This is an excel-lent addition to our Nation’s Federal judiciary. All of them, I believe, will faithfully interpret the Constitution. They know their job is to say what the law is, not what they believe that it ought to be. The majority leader has been unyielding in his goal of moving for-ward a productive schedule for the good of the country here in the Senate and moving as swiftly as our rules allow. Stall tactics will not work. They will not prevent us from moving for-ward with these nominees and con-firming them before the week’s end. You can count on it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, every-body in Washington now knows that the special counsel has announced charges against two of President Trump’s former campaign aides in con-nection with the ongoing investigation into whether Russia interfered with the 2016 election. After painstaking investigations in the intelligence community, we now know that, in fact, Russia did interfere in the election. Since they have contin-ued this pattern in other countries’ elections, what many of us are con-cerned about is the fact that they will interfere in the next elections coming up. We have already seen attempts in the special election down in Alabama. They have been trying to increase the number of hits going to a Facebook or Twitter account. So they interfered. We also learned this morning that a third former Trump campaign aide has pled guilty to lying to the FBI in Janu-ary when he was asked about his inter-actions while he was with the Trump campaign. These are very serious charges, and we should be united against any indi-vidual who helped further Russia’s in-terference in our elections. Yet, sadly, the response to these indictments has been seemingly split along partisan lines. That doesn’t make sense. Defend-ing America isn’t a partisan issue. In fact, everyone in the Senate—all of our Democrats, Republicans, our two Inde-pendents—has sworn an oath to do ex-actly that, to defend the Constitution against all enemies, both foreign and domestic. So charging these individ-uals shouldn’t be seen as a victory for one party or another. It shouldn’t be seen as a defeat for a party. These indi-viduals are charged with crimes against the United States, crimes against all of us Americans. The fact is that Russian President Vladimir Putin interfered in our elec-tion, and in so doing, he has attacked the very foundation of our constitu-tional democracy. We know that, and we also know that we are not the only country he has attacked. According to the U.S. intelligence community, he will continue this type of behavior un-less he is stopped, and that is why we have such a heavy responsibility to de-fend America from these kinds of at-tacks and to defend our American con-stitutional foundations that are built on a process of free and fair and unfetterred elections. It doesn’t matter whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, it should be clear: If you help an enemy of the United States meddle in our democ-racy, you will be held accountable. Here in this Senate and throughout the country as a whole, too often we find ourselves suddenly divided on issues because of party politics. That shouldn’t be the case. There should be no disagreement when it comes to pro-tecting America because we should be Americans first—not Democrats or Re-publicans first; we should be Americans first. We must continue to be patient with the Mueller investigation and allow it to follow the facts wherever they may lead because finding out what happened is the only way we are going to be able to prevent this from happening again, and it is the only way we are going to be able to keep our country safe. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the McFadden nom-ination? Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 84, nays 10, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.007 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6866 October 30, 2017 
[Rollcall Vote No. 253 Ex.] YEAS—84 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—10 
Booker Brown Cantwell Gillibrand Harris Markey Murray Peters Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Alexander McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Sanders 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sev-enth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Johnny Isakson, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Marco Rubio, James Lankford, Richard Burr, Steve Daines, Todd Young, Ben Sasse, Mike Crapo. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. MCCAS-
KILL), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 54, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 254 Ex.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
McCain McCaskill Menendez Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 54, the nays are 42. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. The Senator from Tennessee. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, when the 18 million Americans in the individual insurance market—those are Americans, shopkeepers, songwriters, farmers, men and women who don’t get their health insurance from the gov-ernment or on the job—begin enrolling on Wednesday, they will discover some-thing very strange. The Wall Street Journal, in a week-end story, explained exactly how strange this phenomenon will be. Some of these 18 million Americans will be able to get their insurance for free. They will pay absolutely nothing for their premium, but others will see their premiums skyrocket far beyond the increases they have seen in recent years. Here is what the Wall Street Journal says: In nearly all of the 2,722 counties included in the data, some consumers will be able to obtain free health insurance because they qualify for larger federal premium subsidies that cover the full cost of the plan, accord-ing to the new analysis. 
The Wall Street Journal continues: 
In the coming weeks, insurers are gearing up to promote the no-premium option. . . . On the flip side, those who don’t get pre-mium subsidies under the 2010 law may be re-sponsible for the full brunt of steep rate in-creases, though they may be able to mitigate the impact by staying away from silver plans. 
Insurers are gearing up to shepherd Americans into plans that will cost zero because taxpayers will be paying much higher subsidies. Meanwhile, the 9 million Americans in the individual health insurance market who do not have subsidies may be responsible for what the Wall Street Journal calls the ‘‘full brunt of steep rate increases.’’ What is causing this strange phe-nomenon? It is happening because Con-gress—us—has not funded cost-sharing reduction subsidies, or CSRs, for the 2018 plan year. Cost-sharing reduction subsidies are payments in the Afford-able Care Act which the government makes to insurance companies to reim-burse them for deductibles and copays for many low-income Americans. Ac-cording to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, the President of the United States can no longer make these payments himself without the approval of Congress so President Trump ended those payments this month. Insurance companies have raised pre-miums to make up the difference, load-ing most of the increase on the silver plan premiums. They did that because, under the Affordable Care Act, sub-sidies are based on silver plan pre-miums. So as premiums go up, sub-sidies go up. If silver plan premiums skyrocket, then the subsidies sky-rocket, and then you can use your giant subsidy to go buy a bronze plan and pay nothing in premiums. In California alone, according to the Wall Street Journal article, about half of the 1.1 million who buy health insur-ance with subsidies can get their insur-ance for free next year. To be clear, be-cause Congress didn’t provide tem-porary funding for the cost-sharing re-ductions for 2018, more than half of Californians on the ACA exchange can get free government-paid healthcare. For the last few weeks, I have been saying that the chaos we are going to see, if we don’t continue the cost-shar-ing payments, will be a four-lane high-way to single-payer insurance. Now we see why. Premium-free private insur-ance for millions funded by the tax-payer—I am not sure what is conserv-ative about that. We don’t need to worry about the in-surance companies. They obviously know how to take care of themselves. As the article details, if the cost-shar-ing payments aren’t made over 2 years, insurance companies shouldn’t lose a penny. They have to pay, under law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.001 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6867 October 30, 2017 
the copays and deductibles, but they have already secured permission to raise premiums for 2018 to cover that. Because courts have said the payments are illegal, they secured approval of rates that are 20 percent higher in 2018 just for this purpose. So the insurance companies are not hurt by stopping the cost-sharing reduction payments. If subsidized Americans aren’t hurt by stopping the payments and insur-ance companies aren’t hurt by stopping the payments, then who is hurt by stopping the payments? Hard-working, low-income Americans making less than $11,000 a year who don’t qualify for Medicaid and Americans who make more than $47,000 a year and who there-fore have no government subsidy to help buy insurance. They must face these premium increases on their own. A hard-working Tennessean in the in-dividual market—let’s take a look at her. She has already seen her pre-miums increase 176 percent over the last 4 years. For 2018, it is going to be up another 36 percent in Tennessee, on average. She will pay the whole bill, no government help. Then take the American taxpayers. The Congressional Budget Office tells us that failure to continue the cost- sharing reduction payments increases premiums and therefore the subsidies to pay for those premiums by $194 bil-lion over 10 years—$194 billion over 10 years added to the Federal debt be-cause we don’t continue the cost-shar-ing subsidies. How do we avoid this? Believe it or not, we can avoid this situation by en-acting a bill that will both prevent this strange phenomenon and reduce the Federal deficit by $3.8 billion. Senator M
URRAY from Washington, the ranking Democrat on the Senate HELP Com-mittee, and I introduced this bill. We were among 12 Republicans and 12 Democrats last week who proposed the bill and recommended it to the Senate, to the President, and to the House of Representatives after we conducted four hearings. In addition, we invited Senators not on the Senate HELP com-mittee to join us in the development of this bill, and 37 showed up. We had about 60 of us who had some participa-tion in the development of this pro-posal that Senator M
URRAY and I rec-ommended. We presented to the Senate our recommendation for continuing cost sharing and giving States more flexibility in approving premiums so people would have more choices and lower prices. You may have noticed that a growing number of Republicans and conserv-atives are recommending that Congress act to continue for 2 years the so-called cost-sharing reduction payments as copays and deductibles for low-income Americans. The heads of the two tax- writing committees, Senator H
ATCH  and Representative K
EVIN BRADY , in-troduced legislation that would con-tinue cost sharing in 2018 and 2019. In fact, earlier this year, almost all House Republicans voted to continue cost sharing for 2 years as part of their re-peal-and-replace ObamaCare bill. Sen-ators BILLCASSIDY and L INDSEY GRA-
HAM have said the provision to con-tinue cost sharing temporarily would have been a part of their Senate repeal- and-replace bill, but Senate budget rec-onciliation rules didn’t allow it. President Trump has recognized this. He has asked for a short-term bill to prevent this kind of chaos. He encour-aged me to talk to Senator M
URRAY  about this and to use cost-sharing re-duction continuation as a way to nego-tiate some more flexibility for States so they could approve more choices at lower prices, which is exactly what Senator M
URRAY and I did. That is what we recommended—the 24 of us, 12 Republicans and 12 Democrats—to the full Senate last week. Some people still worry that con-tinuing the cost-sharing payments is the same thing as propping up ObamaCare—those are the words we hear—or bailing out insurance compa-nies. We hear those words too. In fact, just the reverse is true. As the article explains in the Wall Street Journal, cutting off the cost- sharing payments, in the current cir-cumstances, would increase insurance premiums on hard-working Americans who have no government subsidies, it would increase the Federal debt by nearly $200 billion over 10 years, and it would spend billions more in taxpayer dollars funding ObamaCare subsidies. Let me say that again. As the Wall Street Journal article explains, cutting off the cost-sharing payments in the current circumstances will increase in-surance premiums on hard-working Americans who receive no government subsidies—up 36 percent in Tennessee— increase the Federal debt by $200 bil-lion over 10 years, and spend billions more in taxpayer dollars funding ObamaCare subsidies. There are two groups of people who would be basically held harmless if Congress does not approve the cost- sharing payments; one, Americans with ObamaCare subsidies; and, two, insur-ance companies. On the other hand, ac-cording to the CBO report last week, continuing the cost-sharing subsidies as part of the Alexander-Murray agree-ment would actually save taxpayers $4 billion by reducing premiums and therefore ObamaCare premium sub-sidies. During 2018, it would provide rebates to consumers State by State to those hard-working Americans with no gov-ernment subsidy, and it would begin to lower premiums in 2019. It would also give all Americans the opportunity to buy a new category of policy—cata-strophic—so that a medical catas-trophe doesn’t turn into a financial ca-tastrophe, and it would give States more flexibility to write policies with more choices at lower prices. Many States want to do that. They need these additional flexibilities to stabilize their markets because prob-lems with the individual market did not start with the uncertainty over the cost-sharing payments. We need to re-turn power over the insurance markets to States if we want to begin creating long-term solutions. The President and many others have said they don’t want to bail out insur-ance companies. I don’t want to bail out insurance companies. Senator MURRAY doesn’t want to bail out insur-ance companies. I don’t think I have run into anybody in the U.S. Senate who wants to bail out insurance com-panies. Our agreement doesn’t bail out insurance companies. In fact, it does just the reverse. If President Trump is looking for his majority, he might find it in Ameri-cans who don’t like higher taxes and who don’t like more government fund-ing for ObamaCare subsidies. Some-where the idea got started that con-tinuing cost-sharing payments bails out insurance companies, but insur-ance companies are big boys and girls. They know how to take care of them-selves, and they have proved it once again. Failure to continue the cost-sharing subsidies is going to hurt taxpayers, and it is going to hurt unsubsidized Americans who have no subsidy to help buy their insurance. There is nothing conservative about that. Before I yield the floor, I ask unani-mous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article from the Wall Street Journal Weekend Edition entitled ‘‘More ACA Plans to Come With No Premiums in 2018.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Oct. 27, 2017] M
OREACA P LANS TOCOMEWITHNO P
REMIUMS IN 2018 (By Anna Wilde Mathews and Christopher Weaver) Trump indirectly bolstered the federal sub-sidies that help consumers with their insur-ance premiums. More people will be eligible in 2018 for no- premium health plans under the Affordable Care Act. Insurers selling Affordable Care Act plans have a compelling new pitch: free health in-surance. When sales of plans on the law’s exchanges begin Nov. 1, a growing number of consumers around the country will be able to get cov-erage for 2018 without paying any monthly premium, according to health insurers and an analysis of newly available federal data. In nearly all of the 2,722 counties included in the data, some consumers will be able to obtain free health insurance because they qualify for larger federal premium subsidies that cover the full cost of a plan, according to the new analysis. The growing availability of no-premium plans is a side effect of a decision by Presi-dent Donald Trump’s administration to end federal payments that are used to reduce out-of-pocket costs, such as deductibles, for low-income enrollees. The administration didn’t halt—and indirectly bolstered—the federal subsidies that help consumers with their insurance premiums. The new analysis doesn’t project exactly how many consumers could be eligible for the no-premium plans, a figure that depends 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.015 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6868 October 30, 2017 
on variables including people’s income, household size, age, location and access to other types of health coverage. In the coming weeks, insurers are gearing up to promote the no-premium option. Amid uncertainty about the future of the 2010 health law, known as Obamacare, many in-surers have pulled back from the law’s mar-ketplaces. Many of the remaining ones are worried about losing enrollment next year— largely among consumers who aren’t eligible for subsidies and won’t be able to get pre-mium-free plans. Insurers hope the no-premium insurance draws in more enrollees, particularly those they need most: people with few health needs. Healthy consumers help bolster the stability of the market by balancing out the health costs of sicker enrollees. ‘‘We absolutely will be promoting this op-portunity to get coverage at a zero price,’’ said Wendy Curran, a spokeswoman for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Wyoming, which is men-tioning the no-premium plans in print, radio and social-media advertising. ‘‘We hope those younger people will say, ‘Well yeah, if it’s not going to cost me anything, sure.’’’ Ms. Curran said it was ‘‘astounding even to us’’ how many people will be able to get no- premium insurance in Wyoming. The no-premium plans will also receive a hefty promotional push from insurance agents. EHealth Inc. and HealthMarkets Inc., both big national agencies, said they’re preparing to highlight the option in adver-tising and other outreach. ‘‘It’s just the idea of something free being really appealing,’’ said Nate Purpura, a vice president at eHealth. The company’s surveys have con-sistently shown that price is the most impor-tant factor in consumers’ choice of plan, he said. Availability will vary by age and income, but some enrollees who don’t have a very low income may be able to land zero-premium coverage, according to the analysis of federal data conducted by consulting firm Oliver Wyman, a unit of Marsh & McLennan. The firm found that zero-premium ACA exchange plans would be available next year to at least some consumers in a total of 2,692 counties, out of 2,722 in the study. A 60-year-old making about $36,000 a year could find free 2018 plans in 1,590 counties, while one with income of about $48,000 could do so in 654 counties, according to the anal-ysis, which used data released Wednesday for plans available on HealthCare.gov, the fed-eral marketplace used by 39 states. For 2017, no-premium plans were available in many places for the very lowest-income enrollees, but for those at slightly higher levels, they were much more scarce. For in-stance, in 2017, a 60-year-old making about $36,000 could find free plans in about 300 of the counties. That is what is different in 2018, said Kurt Giesa, a partner at Oliver Wyman. The zero- premium plans are ‘‘much more prevalent now than they were,’’ he said. In California, which isn’t included in the federal data, there is a ‘‘huge increase from last year’’ in the number of people who are eligible for zero-premium plans, said Peter V. Lee, executive director of Covered Cali-fornia, the state’s ACA exchange. Covered California currently has about 1.1 million en-rollees who receive federal-premium sub-sidies, and more than half of them will be able to buy a no-premium plan for 2018, he said. The growing availability of no-premium plans is tied to the complicated dynamics of the 2010 heath law, as well as a recent move by the GOP president. Under the law’s rules, subsidies that help pay for premiums are available to people making up to about $48,000 a year. Those sub-sidy amounts are linked to the cost of the second-cheapest silver plan in an enrollee’s location. So, when silver premiums go up, subsidies go up. Earlier this month, Mr. Trump’s adminis-tration cut off federal payments to insurers for covering certain out-of-pocket costs for low-income enrollees in silver plans. In re-sponse, insurers raised premiums on their 2018 policies sharply to cover the extra ex-pense, now coming out of their pockets—and in many cases, they loaded the extra boost only onto the silver plans. Because the sepa-rate premium subsidies, which Mr. Trump didn’t cut, are linked to silver-plan prices, those subsidies are rising, too. In many states, the costs for cheaper bronze plans are going up much less rapidly than silver plans, so many more people will wind up being eli-gible for no-premium plans. On the flip side, those who don’t get pre-mium subsidies under the 2010 law may be re-sponsible for the full brunt of steep rate in-creases, though they may be able to mitigate the impact by staying away from silver plans. For those who can get free plans, the lure may be irresistible. Medica, an insurer that is offering ex-change plans in states including Iowa, Ne-braska and Wisconsin, is running ads in some places that say ‘‘$0 premium plans for indi-viduals who qualify.’’ It is also sending let-ters to some current exchange enrollees with bronze plans, who are likely to be enrolled with Medica in 2018, informing them that they can stop paying premiums next year. ‘‘That’s a nice letter to get,’’ said Geoff Bartsh, a vice president at Medica. Jerry Dworak, chief executive of Montana Health Co-op, said, ‘‘of course we’re hoping that’’ young and healthy enrollees flock to the no-premium plans. ‘‘If they see that it’s free, why not take it?,’’ he said. Mr. Dworak said that a person making as much as $33,000 a year could get one of his company’s Idaho plans and pay no premium. The plans may attract more older con-sumers than younger because premiums and subsidies rise with age, making free plans more available to older people. And for some, the zero-premium plans won’t actually be the best deal, insurers and insurance agents say. The silver plans could be cheaper overall for people who use much health care, despite their higher premium costs, if these people are eligible for the health law’s cost sharing help. According to HealthCare.gov, for instance, a 40-year-old man in Cheyenne, Wyo., who makes about $24,000 a year could get a zero- premium bronze plan, but he could pay as much as $6,650 over the course of 2018 in deductibles and other out-of-pocket charges. Or he could get a silver plan that would cost him around $125 a month, but cap his out-of- pocket costs at $2,450. ‘‘There’s this trade-off,’’ said Michael Z. Stahl, a senior vice president at HealthMarkets, who said the company’s agents will walk through the pros and cons with clients. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I yield the floor. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. LEGISLATIVE SESSION MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING SUE MINTON Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Sue Minton, of London, KY, who passed away on September 27, 2017, at the age of 67. Her passing is a deep loss to the community and to the local newspaper, The Sentinel-Echo, where she worked for 41 years. For those who knew her as a col-league and a friend, Sue will be remem-bered for her dedication and her friend-ship. She was also a beloved member of the Laurel County community, where she lived with her husband, Dennis, and their daughter Denise. Sue was always willing to help oth-ers, and she especially enjoyed spend-ing time with her grandchildren. Sue will be deeply missed by friends, fam-ily, and the community. Elaine and I send our condolences to them in their time of grief The Sentinel-Echo recently published an article on Sue’s life and career. I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Sentinel-Echo, Sept. 29, 2017] L
ONGTIME SENTINEL -ECHOLIFESTYLES EDITOR  S
UEMINTON PASSES AWAY (By Nita Johnson) As the news of long-time Sentinel Echo employee Sue Minton’s passing on Wednes-day night spread throughout the community, many people who knew and had worked with her were shocked and saddened. Minton began working at The Sentinel Echo in 1976 when the newspapers were print-ed in the basement area of the current build-ing. She had many stories about the days when the operation was run by Luke Keith, and then by Al Smith, who sold the company to corporate ownership. She said she had withstood the many sales of the company since that time, but remained loyal to her job and co-workers throughout the 41 years of her employment. Minton was the longest employee in the history of the Sentinel Echo, coming in next to former business manager Judy McCowan who retired after 39 years of employment. Minton and McCowan became acquainted during their early years at the newspaper and remained friends over the years, even after McCowan retired. McGowan said hearing of her long-time friend’s death was devastating. ‘‘I’m so heartbroken,’’ McGowan said. ‘‘We’ve been friends for over 40 years. She seemed more like a sister.’’ Minton and McCowan had a bowl of Cheer-ios every morning around 9 a.m. in the em-ployee breakroom while McCowan worked for the newspaper. But McCowan’s retire-ment ended that morning routine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.021 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6869 October 30, 2017 
‘‘She told me she hadn’t eaten Cheerios since I left,’’ McCowan said. ‘‘But we still had lunch sometimes and I always looked forward to seeing her. She was a true friend to me. She was a good person and she was al-ways there when you needed her.’’ ‘‘Sue was not only a dedicated employee, she was also a trusted friend,’’ Managing Editor Denis House said. ‘‘I’ve known Sue since I first started working at The Sentinel in 1983. She used to call me her ‘‘work Denis’’ since her husband was also named Dennis, al-though we spelled our names differently. She knew this community and was a wealth of information and knowledge. She loved watching her grandchildren play sports. I will miss her.’’ ‘‘I was very blessed to have worked with Sue for a little over a year,’’ Regional Pub-lisher Dave Eldridge said. ‘‘She was one of the classiest ladies I believe I have ever met, a conscientious worker that strived to make The Sentinel the very best it could be with every edition. Sue had a quick wit and smile and I really think she knew everyone in Lau-rel County, or so it seemed. Her years here made Sue a treasure that we will never be able to replace, nor would we expect to. MasterCard would refer to her as ‘priceless,’ and she was to us. She will be sorely missed and we pray for her family’s peace and com-fort.’’ Minton was known for her willingness to help others and her dedication to her job. She was responsible for publishing the obitu-aries, school news, business and church pages as well as several monthly and special publi-cations such as the Chamber of Commerce newsletter and special sections for the World Chicken Festival, Laurel County Fair, and Laurel County Homecoming. She also par-ticipated in writing special stories for the Silver magazine (now Southeast Kentucky NOW magazine) and the annual veterans’ tribute magazine. She won a first place award in the only Kentucky Press Associa-tion contest she ever entered for her in-depth story on the Bush fire department. Minton was well known in the community as well as with her newspaper job. Raised in Breathitt County, she met her husband, Den-nis Minton, while attending Cumberland Col-lege in Williamsburg. The two married and settled on the Minton farm in eastern Laurel County in the Bush community, where they raised their daughter, Denise Griebel. A devoted mother, she was just as devoted to her two grandchildren, Weston and Hailey. After working hours, she was on the sidelines of ball games, cheering them on and always providing that special love set aside between grandmothers and grand-children. Tammy Mays worked at The Sentinel Echo for five years with Minton, although she said she was also related to Minton’s husband. ‘‘Sue was just a good soul,’’ Mays said. ‘‘She wasn’t just a co-worker, she was fam-ily.’’ That close tie continued between the two even after Mays secured another job. But the two still communicated frequently. Minton was known among her coworkers for her smile and dedication to producing the newspaper with timely and community re-lated news. She had called Laurel County home since settling here and ensured that local news and people were highlighted. 
(At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 253, on the nomination of Trevor McFadden to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Columbia. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 254, on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Amy Barrett to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. ∑ 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I was unavoidably absent due to a family issue for rollcall votes Nos. 250, 251, and 252. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on No. 250, cloture on Palk; yea on No. 251, confirmation on Palk; and yea on No. 252, cloture on McFad-den. 
f 
FISCAL YEAR 2018 ENFORCEMENT FILING Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, H. Con. Res. 71, the fiscal year 2018 congressional budget resolution, included an instruc-tion to the chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget to file en-forceable levels in the Senate in the event the budget was agreed to without the need to appoint a committee of conference on the measure. On Thurs-day, October 19, 2017, the Senate passed the budget by a vote of 51–48. On Thurs-day, October 26, 2017, the House of Rep-resentatives passed the budget without any changes on a vote of 216–212. As such, today I wish to submit the re-quired filing found in the resolution. Specifically, section 4113 of the fiscal year 2018 congressional budget resolu-tion requires the chairman to file: No. 1, an allocation for fiscal year 2018 for the Committee on Appropriations; No. 2, an allocation for all committees other than the Committee on Appro-priations for the fiscal year 2018, fiscal year 2018 to 2022, and fiscal year 2018 to 2027 periods; and No. 3, a list of ac-counts eligible to receive advance ap-propriations. The figures included in this filing are consistent with the spending limits set forth in the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the levels included in H. Con. Res. 71, as adjusted to include the budgetary effects of legislation that were enacted after the baseline for the resolution was constructed but before passage of the resolution by the House of Rep-resentatives, pursuant to section 4205 of the resolution. Adjustments for the budgetary ef-fects of the following enacted legisla-tion were included: Countering Amer-ica’s Adversaries Through Sanction Act, H.R. 3364; VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017, S. 114; Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational As-sistance Act of 2017, H.R. 3218; FDA Re-authorization Act of 2017, H.R. 2430; Granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission, H.J. Res. 76; Emergency Aid to American Survivors of Hurri-canes Irma and Jose Overseas Act, H.R. 3732; Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2017, H.R. 3819; Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017, H.R. 3823; Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria Education Relief Act of 2017, S. 1866; Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 and Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017, H.R. 601; and Additional Supple-mental Appropriations for Disaster Re-lief Requirement Act of 2017, H.R. 2266. For purposes of enforcing the Sen-ate’s pay-as-you-go rule, which is now found in section 4106 of this resolution, I am resetting the Senate’s scorecard to zero for all fiscal years. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
[$ Billions] Appropriations Budget Authority Outlays 
Revised Security Category Discretionary Budget Authority1................................................................................. 549.057 n/a Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority
1............................................................................ 552.266 n/a General Purpose Outlays
1............................................................................................................................... .......... n/a 1,187.547 Memo: Subtotal............................................................................................................................... .......................... 1,101.323 1,187.547 on-budget............................................................................................................................... ........................ 1,095.489 1,181.682 off-budget............................................................................................................................... ........................ 5.834 5.865 Mandatory ...................................................................................................................... .......................................... 1,013.202 1,000.871 
1The allocation will be adjusted following the reporting of bills, offering of amendments, or submission of conference reports t hat qualify for adjustments to the discretionary spending limits as outlined in section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (B BEDCA). The budget authority for the revised nonsecurity category and outlays have been adjusted in this table to reflect passage of both H.R. 601 and H.R. 2266  (a combined budget authority and outlays of $36.517 billion and $19.662 billion, respectively), both of which included appropriations for disaster relief that w ere designated as emergencies pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of BBEDCA. These adjustments are allowed under section 4205 of H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent resoluti on on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.020 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6870 October 30, 2017 
ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COMMITTEES OTHER THAN APPROPRIATIONS * 
[$ Billions] 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 126.308 625.801 1,286.568 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 114.589 575.641 1,189.902 Armed Services: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 169.680 906.589 1,856.298 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 165.105 907.714 1,852.288 Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 22.948 110.304 218.965 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................¥2.113 0.549 ¥7.446 Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 17.855 96.091 198.319 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 14.082 77.971 152.636 Energy and Natural Resources: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 4.703 25.212 49.342 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 4.391 24.909 49.112 Environment and Public Works: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 46.833 219.114 426.774 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 2.313 12.343 27.935 Finance: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 2,281.616 13,510.107 32,116.900 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 2,280.970 13,482.300 32,069.238 Foreign Relations: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 39.543 178.314 338.121 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 30.383 156.269 314.824 Homeland Security and Government Affairs: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 143.970 764.213 1,648.718 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 142.049 751.753 1,616.129 Judiciary: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 29.616 99.853 186.772 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 18.597 108.196 197.498 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 13.009 90.244 188.101 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 16.925 89.464 193.052 Rules and Administration: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 0.051 0.258 0.515 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 0.023 0.132 0.291 Intelligence: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 0.514 2.570 5.140 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 0.514 2.570 5.140 Veterans’ Affairs: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 98.347 580.175 1,265.095 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ...............................................................................................................................
................. 102.847 583.589 1,267.581 Indian Affairs: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 0.325 2.048 4.504 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 0.722 2.690 4.860 Small Business: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 0.000 0.000 0.000 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 0.000 0.000 0.000 Unassigned to Committee: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...........¥1,001.746 ¥6,244.350 ¥15,987.270 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................¥963.858 ¥6,095.224 ¥15,700.813 Total Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 1,993.572 10,966.543 23,802.862 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 1,927.539 10,680.866 23,232.227 
* Includes entitlements funded in annual appropriations acts. 
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  A
PPROPRIATIONS IN THE SENATE  
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL  
GOVERNMENT  Payment to Postal Service 
LABOR , HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES , AND 
EDUCATION  Employment and Training Administration Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Special Education Career, Technical, and Adult Education TRANSPORTATION , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  Tenant-based Rental Assistance Project-based Rental Assistance Memorandum: Section 4101 of H. Con. Res. 71, the congressional budget resolution for FY 2018, provides for a point of order against advance appropriations in the Senate Sec-tion 4101(b) provides for several account- level exceptions to this rule, including ad-vance appropriations for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, several accounts of the Veterans Health Administration, and the ac-counts listed above (pursuant to Section 4205 of this year’s budget resolution). 
BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[$ Billions] 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Figures Found in H. Con. Res. 71 Spending: Budget Authority .................................................................................... 3,136.721 N.A. N.A. Outlays ................................................................................................... 3,131.688 N.A. N.A. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ................................. .............................................................................................. .................. 2,490.936 13,759.23 31,171.52 Social Security Levels: Outlays ................................................................................................... 849.609 4,883.048 11, 654.643 Revenue ................................................................................................. 873.312 4,667.573 10,20 9.480 Adjustments Pursuant to Section 4205 of H. Con. Res. 71 Spending: Budget Authority .................................................................................... 36.780 N.A. N.A. Outlays ................................................................................................... 21.753 N.A. N.A. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ................................. .............................................................................................. .................. 0.003 0.024 0.046 Social Security Levels: Outlays ................................................................................................... 0.000 0.000 0.000 Revenue ................................................................................................. 0.000 0.001 0.003 Adjusted H. Con. Res. 71 Figures Spending: Budget Authority .................................................................................... 3,173.501 N.A. N.A. Outlays ................................................................................................... 3,153.441 N.A. N.A. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ................................. .............................................................................................. .................. 2,490.939 13,759.252 31,171.567 Social Security Levels: Outlays ................................................................................................... 849.609 4,883.048 11, 654.643 Revenue ................................................................................................. 873.312 4,667.574 10,20 9.483 
Memorandum: Aggregate figures are displayed at levels assumed in H. Con. Res. 71, as passed, with adjustments for legislation t hat has cleared Congress between the publication of the Congressional Budget Office’s June 2017 base- line and the passage of the budget resolution. Spending and revenue aggregates have been updated to reflect the on-budget, non- section 403 emergency-designated (FY 2010 budget resolution) budgetary changes. Social Security levels reflect off-budget budgetary changes. Total figures represented here reflect levels different from those that will be enforced immediately. This is due to several factors including, but not limited to: assumed spending for cap-adjustments (section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) that have not yet occured, the inclusion of C URES funding (which under scorekeeping practice and guidance from the 21st Century Cures Act does not count for enforcement purposes), and budgetary changes that will be held in reserve for reconciliation legislation (pursuant to  section 3003 of fiscal year 2018 budget resolution). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.029 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6871 October 30, 2017 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE SENATE 
[$ Billions] Balances 
Fiscal Year 2017 ........................................................................ 0 Fiscal Year 2018 ........................................................................ 0 Fiscal Years 2017–2022 ............................................................ 0 Fiscal Years 2017–2027 ............................................................ 0 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–57, con-cerning the Air Force’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Canada for defense arti-cles and services estimated to cost $140 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this pro-posed sale. 
Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–57 N
OTICE OF PROPOSED ISSUANCE OF LETTER OF  O
FFER PURSUANT TO SECTION 36(B)(1) OF  
THE ARMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT, AS 
AMENDED  (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Canada. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $130 million. Other $ 10 million. Total $140 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to thirty-two (32) AIM–120D Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM). Up to eighteen (18) AMRAAM Captive Air Training Missiles (CATMs). Up to four (4) AMRAAM Non-Development Item Airborne Instrumentation Unit (NDI– AIU). Up to two (2) AMRAAM Instrumented Test Vehicles (ITV). Up to seven (7) spare AMRAAM guidance units. Up to four (4) spare AMRAAM control sec-tions. Non-MDE: Included in the sale are con-tainers; storage and preservation; transpor-tation; aircrew and maintenance training; training aids and equipment, spares and re-pair parts; warranties; weapon system sup-port and test equipment; publications and technical documentation; software develop-ment integration, and support; system inte-gration and testing; U.S. Government and contractor engineering technical and logis-tics support; and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (XX– D–YDG). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: CN–D–YAE for AIM–120 AMRAAMs; CN–D–QBU for in- service support for those AMRAAMs. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee, etc., Paid. Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: Oct 30, 2017. *As defined in Section 47 (6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Canada—AIM–120D Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM) The Government of Canada has requested a Letter of Offer and Acceptance for the pro-curement of up to thirty-two (32) AIM–120D Advanced Medium-Range Air-to Air Missiles (AMRAAMs), up to eighteen (18) AMRAAM Captive Air Training Missiles (CATMs); up to four (4) AMRAAM Non-Development Item Airborne Instrumentation Unit (NDI-AIU); up to two (2) AMRAAM Instrumented Test Vehicles (ITV); up to seven (7) spare AMRAAM guidance units; up to four (4) spare AMRAAM control sections for use on their F/A–18 aircraft. Included in the sale are containers; storage and preservation; trans-portation; aircrew and maintenance train-ing; training aids and equipment, spares and repair parts; warranties; weapon system sup-port and test equipment; publications and technical documentation; software develop-ment, integration, and support; system inte-gration and testing; U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical, and logis-tics support; and other related elements of logistics and program support. The esti-mated total cost is $140 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security objec-tives of the United States by helping to im-prove the security of a NATO ally which has been, and continues to be, a key democratic partner of the United States in ensuring peace and stability. The missiles will be used on Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) fighter aircraft. This proposed sale of defense articles and services is required to enable RCAF fighters to optimally fulfill both North American Aerospace Defense (NORAD) and NATO mis-sions and also meets the U.S. Northern Com-mand’s goals of combined air operations interoperability and standardization between Canadian and U.S. forces. The RCAF will have no difficulty absorbing these missiles into its inventory. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, AZ. The Govern-ment of Canada has advised that it will nego-tiate offset agreements in conjunction with this sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Canada. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–57 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AIM–120D Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) hardware, in-cluding the missile guidance section, is clas-sified CONFIDENTIAL. State-of-the-art technology is used in the missile to provide it with unique beyond-visual-range capa-bility. The increase in capability from the AIM–120C–7 to AIM–120D consists of a two- way data link, a more accurate navigation unit, improved High-Angle Off-Boresight (HOBS) capability, and enhanced aircraft-to- missile position handoff. 2. AIM–120D features a target detection de-vice with embedded electronic counter-measures, and electronics unit within the guidance section that performs all radar sig-nal processing, midcourse and terminal guid-ance, flight control, target detection, and warhead burst point determination. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. A determination has been made that Canada can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This proposed sale is necessary to fur-ther the U.S. foreign policy and national se-curity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 5. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to Canada. f 
NOMINATION OF RANDY REEVES Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am pleased to support the nomination of Randy Reeves of Mississippi to serve as Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs at the U.S. Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Mr. Reeves, a retired, U.S. Navy com-mander, has distinguished himself in Mississippi and around the Nation through his nearly 30-year military ca-reer and steadfast dedication to vet-erans. Randy, a decorated combat vet-eran, led the Mississippi Veterans Af-fairs Board for the past 8 years. He re-cently served as president of the Na-tional Association of State Directors of Veterans Affairs and as a member of the Department of Veterans Affairs Rural Health Advisory Committee. Veterans’ cemeteries are hallowed ground on which grateful Americans can honor those who have served our Nation in uniform. As Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs, Randy will lead the National Cemetery Administration, a role for which he is well prepared. Randy successfully coordinated design, funding, and construction of Mis-sissippi’s two State veterans ceme-teries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.030 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6872 October 30, 2017 
I am confident that he will serve the Department of Veterans Affairs with distinction. It is with pride and pleas-ure that I am able to recommend to the Senate the nomination of Randy Reeves. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DETROIT RIOT Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to observe the 50th anniversary of Detroit’s tumultuous summer of 1967, widely known as the 1967 Detroit Riot or the 12th Street Riots. The events of 1967 made a tremendous impact on the city and coincided with multiple inci-dents that took place across the coun-try during that historic summer. On Sunday July 23, 1967, patrons of an after-hours club were celebrating servicemembers coming home from Vietnam, above the Economy Printing Company on Clairmont Avenue and 12th Street. At 3:30 a.m., police officers raided the club, which was within a mostly African-American business dis-trict with an active nightlife, arresting 85 people. While the police arrested each person inside of the establishment, a crowd formed on the outside. Those who were gathered began reacting to the esca-lating discord between those who lived in the neighborhood and the police de-partment. As time elapsed, a rise of arson and looting began to erupt. By 8 a.m., the number grew to an estimated 3,000 people who assembled in protest. As the Detroit police force struggled to contain the crowd, Mayor Jerome Cavanagh and Governor George Rom-ney agreed to deploy the Michigan Na-tional Guard that afternoon; para-troopers joined 2 days later. Just over 7,200 arrests were made be-tween July 23 and July 27, 1967. As ten-sions began to subside, community members and government officials sur-veyed the aftermath. More than 1,600 buildings were destroyed, and the cost of damage to commercial and residen-tial property totaled an estimated $132 million. Beyond property damage, the community suffered the loss of 43 citi-zens and hundreds were injured. Detroit’s 1967 unrest was not an iso-lated event; urban centers across the country were experiencing similar in-stances of civil disturbance. A day after the conclusion of the unrest in Detroit, President Lyndon B. Johnson sought out to investigate the cause of the phenomenon, establishing the Kerner Commission. The Commission concluded that the riots that took place between 1965 and 1968 were due to racism and frustration at lack of eco-nomic opportunity. From these find-ings, the Commission suggested eco-nomic, social, and housing reform to quell tensions. The events of that summer were seen through countless eyes. Many Detroit-ers saw the unrest as a rebellion against the systemic oppression that plagued the African-American commu-nity, who had no voice or adequate rep-resentation in government or in the po-lice force but accounted for one-third of Detroit’s population. Various gov-ernment agencies painted the events as an insurrection, war, or riot. Regard-less of how the events were character-ized, there is no denial of the real emo-tional and physical toll the summer had on citizens. The countless stories of people in their homes watching tanks roll down the very streets chil-dren once played in or the visual of sol-diers with rifles on their backs jux-taposed to mothers walking along the same sidewalk with their babies in strollers, illustrated the surreal nature of the unrest and the response. I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating an event that affected not only the city of Detroit and the State of Michigan but was a pivotal moment in our Nation’s history. De-troit stands as the birthplace of Motown, center of the automotive in-dustry, and the ‘‘Arsenal of Democ-racy.’’ It has been and continues to be a city of innovation and promise. I am proud of its resilience and the grass-roots efforts contributing to its resur-gence. The 50th anniversary of the civil unrest is a great opportunity to reflect and learn from the events of the past, celebrate progress, and to continue to support community partnerships that influence future success that is inclu-sive of all neighborhoods. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KEITH BOWAR Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate Keith Bowar of Gillette, WY, on finishing his fourth term as president of the Wyoming Conference of Building Officials Chapter of the International Code Council. This is a great milestone, an instant replay memory Mr. Bowar will cherish and re-member for a long time to come. I commend Mr. Bowar for all that he has been able to accomplish over the years both in the Wyoming Conference of Building Officials and as a building code professional. For 23 years, he has dedicated himself to furthering public safety, beginning in 1994 as a building inspector for the city of Gillette and advancing to the position of chief building official for Campbell County in 2011. Mr. Bowar’s elevation to president of the Wyoming Conference of Building Officials was a recognition by his peers of his dedication and effectiveness, and he used the position to improve build-ing and fire safety throughout Wyo-ming. The challenges Mr. Bowar faced and the changes that he helped to bring to the world around him reflect the way he uses his skills and knowledge to make a difference in so many ways. I send my best wishes to Mr. Bower on completing his tenure as president of the Wyoming Conference of Building Officials and for his service to Wyo-ming. Thank you. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS RECOGNIZING SOUTHWEST CON-FERENCE HALL OF FAME IN-DUCTEES ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the long and proud history of University of Arkansas collegiate athletes who have made us proud to cheer on the Razorbacks. Arkansas has achieved tremendous levels of success throughout the history of its athletic program. You cannot discuss Razor-back sports history without discussing its time in the Southwest Conference. The Southwest Conference was highly competitive, and its teams produced many of our Nation’s greatest athletes, including many from Arkansas. As we reflect on the rich history of the con-ference, I am proud to recognize the Razorbacks selected as class of 2017 in-ductees for the Southwest Conference Hall of Fame. I congratulate Razorback football greats Jim Benton, Ronnie Caveness, Joe Ferguson, Steve Little, Fred Mar-shall, Wear Schoonover, Billy Ray Smith, Sr., and Dennis ‘‘Dirt’’ Winston; former Razorback basketball players, Ron Brewer, Amber Shirey, and Darrell Walker; and track stars Edrick Floreal and Cynthia Moore on their induction today. I would like to congratulate the late Orville Henry on his induction to the Southwest Conference Hall of Fame. Mr. Henry is an iconic Arkansas sports writer who covered the Razorbacks for six decades. His work, professionalism, and legacy live on to this day. Earlier this month, former Razor-back All-American football player Dick Bumpas was also inducted into the Hall of Fame along with eight other former Southwest Conference legends. The Razorback nominees to the Southwest Conference Hall of Fame Class of 2017 have certainly earned this honor. I applaud these former Razor-backs for their contribution to not just the legacy of the Southwest Conference but also for their contribution to the legacy of Arkansas athletics. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAWNA DIANGELIS ∑Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Ohioan Dawna DiAngelis for 30 years of service to the Canton Repository. Unlike many others in the news in-dustry whom I have honored on the Senate floor before, you will not see Dawna’s name in a byline or anywhere else in the paper, but make no mistake, the folks in Stark County can count on their news each day because of Dawna and her team in the production room. The ‘‘Canton Repository’’ has kept Stark County residents informed since 1815, but it wasn’t until 172 years later, in 1987, that the paper hired its first woman for the Rep’s composing room. Dawna became the first woman in the male-dominated pre-press department, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.022 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6873 October 30, 2017 
the department responsible for the lay-out and look of every single page of the paper. Dawna didn’t stop there. She went on to earn the position of department head—again, the first woman to do so in the history of the paper. For the last 30 years, she has served behind the scenes to produce thousands of editions of the Repository. Dawna and her hus-band, J.D., have both served the Can-ton community—Dawna at the Rep and J.D. at WHBC radio. Dawna’s work in the composing room has guaranteed that Canton residents get to read their news each day, and while doing her day job, she paved the way for other women in the news in-dustry to follow. I join the entire Canton community and Dawna’s colleagues at the Rep in congratulating her for her 30-year an-niversary at the Repository.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING MARTHA LEE ‘‘MARTY’’ ORWIG ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-league Senator J
IMRISCH joins me today in honoring Martha Lee ‘‘Marty,’’ Orwig who shined so brightly in our world and will be greatly missed. Marty had endearing monikers, in-cluding ‘‘The Rocket’’ and ‘‘Aunt Marty,’’ that reflect how deeply she touched many lives and left a lasting impression of sincerity, enthusiasm, joyfulness, spirited know-how, and a profound commitment to the Lord and assisting others. In learning of her passing, others have shared their im-pressions of Marty that include ‘‘spe-cial lady,’’ ‘‘great lady,’’ ‘‘a delight to work with and simply to know as a per-son,’’ ‘‘passionate about everything she involved herself with,’’ ‘‘feisty, spir-ited, and never backed down from a challenge,’’ and ‘‘gone too soon.’’ Marty modeled dedication and excel-lence. Her service as founder and leader of the North American Moose Founda-tion, through which she mentored Mackay High School students, is no doubt leaving an imprint of her com-mitted example in the lives of genera-tions of young leaders. While Marty was deeply rooted in Sun Valley, her home base for the past more than 40 years, and Mackay, ID, she was born on August 19, 1951, in St. Louis, MO, to Elizabeth and David Orwig. After graduating from the Uni-versity of Denver and earning a mas-ter’s degree in biblical studies from Multnomah University in Portland, OR, to our great benefit, she chose Idaho to be her home. Her work as a real estate broker and ski instructor shifted to a career as a political con-sultant working on Republican cam-paigns, including campaigns for former Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush. Her career also included leading the Blaine County Republican Party and serving as a field director for former U.S. Senator Larry Craig. She served in President George H.W. Bush’s administration as a Presidential ap-pointee, and she was appointed by Gov-ernor Butch Otter to the Idaho Fifth District Magistrates Commission. She also founded and led the Quincy Group and was a member of the Idaho Na-tional Federation of Republican Women, Rotary Club, and Kiwanis Club. Marty Orwig was a driven leader, thought-provoker, and encourager. She was guided by a great love of God and used her experience to help guide and support local youth and others. We ex-tend our condolences to her sister and brother-in-law, Sarah Orwig and Clark Costen, and countless friends. Marty will be greatly missed, but her loving legacy will remain a major part of the heart of our great State and Nation. ∑ f 
REMEMBERING RICHARD ZIEBARTH ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to memorialize an American vet-eran and true Nevadan Richard Ziebarth, who recently passed away at the age of 58. Widely known as ‘‘Zman,’’ Mr Ziebarth spent close to 26 years in the U.S. Air Force as a fighter pilot and squadron commander, where he achieved the rank of lieutenant colo-nel. He was stationed at Nellis Air Force Base in Las Vegas in 2003 and re-tired from the military in 2007. He served his country all over the world in South Korea, England, and at the Pen-tagon. Mr. Ziebarth’s leadership did not stop after his military service. He was an active member of his community, the Canyon Ridge Christian Church, and chairman of the church’s board of el-ders. He graduated from Point Loma Naza-rene University in 1981 with a bach-elor’s in computer science and busi-ness. He also graduated from Averett College with an MBA and received a doctorate of strategic leadership from Regent University. Mr. Ziebarth start-ed a business called Integrity Leader-ship that helped employers determine the best fit for employees within their companies. Mr. Ziebarth also worked as director of operations for Remote Imagery Technology, Inc., RITI, which provides operational support to Department of Defense contracts. As Nevada’s senior Senator, I know that Mr. Ziebarth’s service in uniform and to the community, will not be for-gotten. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family, especially his best friend and wife of 36 years, Beth, his children, and the rest of his family and friends who loved and cared for him deeply.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUR LADY OF PEACE POST 1947 ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the Catholic War Vet-erans of America’s Our Lady of Peace Post 1947 in Las Vegas, NV, and Dennis DeGree, Post 1947 first vice commander and Vegas native. Post 1947 exemplifies their motto of ‘‘For God, country, and home.’’ The group works tirelessly to help vet-erans, their families, homeless vet-erans, and active duty personnel. I am deeply appreciative of these veteran members’ sacrifices and service, as well as the group’s efforts to support Nevad-ans who have answered our Nation’s call. Founded in 2006, Post 1947 is Nevada’s first Catholic War Veterans of America post and one of 215 posts across the country. The organization offers a number of critical initiatives to the veteran and Las Vegas communities. The group’s youth programs include poster and essay contests, letter writ-ing and get-well cards for hospitalized veterans, and the Eugene T. Roark Me-morial Junior ROTC Scholarship Pro-gram. Additionally, Post 1947 main-tains and operates a food pantry, par-ticipates in homeless stand-downs, and educates and assists veterans, their families, widows, and orphans in ob-taining VA medical care and benefits. At the 82nd Annual Convention of the Catholic War Veterans held in St. Louis, MO, Post 1947 of Las Vegas was awarded Most Outstanding Post of 2017 out of 215 posts. This award was given to the post by the national department for best overall programs provided to all veterans regardless of religious eth-nicity. Our Lady of Peace Post 1947 has won this award 8 of the past 10 years. Post 1947 was recognized because of a successful veteran service organization program they implemented called the National Veterans Service Office. Since opening in 2013, the National Veterans Service Office has been successful in obtaining over $10 million in awards to veterans. Remarkably, Our Lady of Peace Post 1947 has been named the Most Outstanding Welfare Program 9 of the past 10 years by the national de-partment. Post 1947’s major achievements do not end there. Dennis DeGree, first vice commander of the group, was deserv-edly named Most Outstanding Catholic War Veteran of 2017 by the National Catholic War Veterans. Mr. DeGree re-ceived the award ‘‘for being the indi-vidual who, in the opinion of the Na-tional Department, has contributed most to the betterment of the CWV.’’ It is clear that Post 1947’s contribu-tions have made Las Vegas a better place for Nevada’s warriors and their families. As a lifelong Nevadan and the senior U.S. Senator for the Silver State, I am honored to recognize both Post 1947 and Dennis DeGree for lend-ing a hand to those who have made sac-rifices in the name of this great coun-try.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING TELSTAR ASSOCIATES, INC. ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, every month I celebrate the power of the American entrepreneurial spirit by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.024 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6874 October 30, 2017 
highlighting the successes of a small business in my home State of Idaho. This month’s recipient of the Small Business of the Month is a veteran- owned business, which is fitting since this week is National Veterans Small Business Week. It is always great to see veterans succeed after they close out their years of service and continue their path as a civilian. The founders of October’s Small Business of the Month demonstrate that, with determination and hard work, there is no limit to what can be accomplished. I am hon-ored to recognize an enterprise that makes it their business to help other businesses experience growth and pros-perity of their own. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I am pleased to recognize TelStar Associates, Inc., as the Senate Small Business of the Month for October 2017. TelStar was founded in 1979 by Jose Telleria and Douglas Stark, who de-cided to join together and use their in-dividual strengths and experience in the field of information technology to create their own business. The com-pany name, TelStar, is a combination of the names of its founders and rep-resents the partnership between Telleria—Tel—and Stark, Star. For their first contract, TelStar developed a software program that tracked the storage and shipping of onions for Murakami Produce. Within a short pe-riod of time, TelStar was providing their services to a diverse range of cli-ents in both the private and public sec-tors, including the Idaho Governor’s Office, Idaho Department of Health and Welfare, the Idaho National Labora-tory, and Boise State University. TelStar also developed a chemical management and waste disposal man-agement application that is currently used by the U.S. Navy. In addition to being an invaluable asset to their com-munity, TelStar exemplifies the entre-preneurial spirit by continually adapt-ing to the needs of their clients. As leaders in the IT field, Jose and Douglas created a business known for flexibility and for consistently pro-viding meaningful services. Responding to the changing needs of businesses, TelStar expanded their services from custom contract programming to net-work support, field services, cyber se-curity, and IT staffing services. TelStar provides their clients with ac-cess to affordable services that allow them to improve their IT capabilities. In an increasingly technological world, small businesses have the opportunity to benefit from businesses like Jose and Douglas’s. I know the techno-logical challenges businesses can face, which is why I am proud to recognize TelStar, a successful business that is committed to helping other businesses achieve success of their own, by em-powering them to be the best at what they do. Since their first contract for Murakami Produce, TelStar has exem-plified the innovative nature of many American small businesses. A belief central to TelStar’s culture is that ‘‘People make the difference.’’ There is nothing more commendable than helping someone else achieve their goals, and I would like to con-gratulate Jose Telleria, Douglas Stark, and all of the employees of TelStar for the impact they have had on their com-munity. TelStar’s entrepreneurial spir-it is an example for every American to follow, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHESTER RENFRO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, Chester Renfro of Pinellas County, FL, passed away this October 22. Chet, as he was known to family and friends, was a friend of mine, and I want to say a few words about him in his passing. Mar-ried to his wife, Betty, Chet was a graduate of the University of Southern California and an engineer by trade. He designed and installed industrial water pumps for commercial industries and water treatment facilities. He started his career in California, later moving to St. Louis and then Louisville, KY, where he started his own business. He moved to Pinellas County nearly 20 years ago. Betty was the love of Chet’s life, and he adored her. When they married, they each brought their sons with them into the family—Betty and her three sons, Gene, Brad, and Paul Garcia; Chet and his two sons, Rick and Greg Renfro. Their daughter, now Melanie Nethery, came later to bless that fam-ily full of boys. Chet loved all of his children but was exceptionally proud of his grandchildren. He would be glad to tell you all about them and their ac-complishments. Chet lived a full, meaningful life, and in everything—professionally, person-ally, and politically—he worked hard. He loved his Wednesday golf game, his travels with Betty, and his pecan pies. He gave his time and energy to many State and local organizations, includ-ing the Southwest Florida Water Man-agement District and the Pinellas County Canvasing Board. I looked to his guidance as a member of my acad-emy board in the Tampa Bay region, interviewing many of the young men and women from that area who want to attend a service academy and serve our country. Chet Renfro leaves behind a legacy of service to others and of love for his family, friends, and country. He was someone I was proud to call my friend, and he and his family are in my pray-ers.∑ 
f 
MONTANA’S WOMEN VETERANS OF WWI ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the hundreds of Montana women who honorably served our coun-try during World War I. They braved the German u-boats to serve on the frontlines. Women cared for the wounded and connected calls to the battlefield offices of GEN John Per-shing. Without them, the American forces serving in Europe could have faced catastrophe. Without them, the course of the war could have been much different. We shouldn’t be surprised. Montana women have been breaking down bar-riers for generations. Merle Egan Anderson pressured the U.S. Government for 60 years to get the women who worked the Army’s tele-phone switchboards the status of ‘‘vet-eran.’’ Montanans like Merle Egan An-derson and Lena Roy volunteered to be a part of the Army Signal Corps with-out promise of pay, benefits, or rec-ognition of their service. The Signal Corps women, nicknamed the ‘‘Hello Girls,’’ proved their worth imme-diately. Merle, Lena, and their peers’ speed and precision allowed officers to communicate across battlefields, enemy lines, and war-torn terrain. They served at the frontlines and quickly garnered the respect of the men with whom they served. They braved enemy fire and suffered casual-ties among their ranks. Despite their outstanding service, they returned to an indifferent government who denied them veteran status, including healthcare and burial rights. Merle Egan Anderson took on the government, and 60 years later, she won. When the government granted the ‘‘Hello Girls’’ veteran status, only 18 of the 223 women were still alive. Nearly 200 Montana nurses entered military service, 86 of whom braved enemy submarine-patrolled waters to care for troops on the frontline. They came from 56 cities, towns, and forgot-ten railroad stops across the Big Sky State. Nurses Elizabeth Sandelius from Cokedale and Harriett O’Day from Bil-lings were cited for heroism under fire for their service in France. Cora Craig from Glasgow, MT, received a Silver Medal from the King of Siam for her care of soldiers from present-day Thai-land. Eula Butzerin braved the carnage of post-war France to find the battle-field grave of her brother Roy, marked only with a stick and his dog tags. Thirteen Montana women enlisted in the Navy and served stateside. Ger-trude Zerr from Chinook achieved the rank of chief yeoman, directing fellow yeoman in the naval headquarters. During the war, these women proved to their fellow Americans and the world that women were an asset in bat-tle. Their service defied gender stereo-types and helped changed the tide of public opinion that culminated in the 19th Amendment of our Constitution, granting women the right to vote at long last. They helped pave the way for women to take on combat roles in World War II and beyond. After the war, Montana’s World War I women veterans faded into history. Their service remains largely un-known. These women gave voice and power to a nation of women. Their service and actions helped change the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.031 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6875 October 30, 2017 
course of history. These strong Mon-tana women were followed by more strong Montana women who have car-ried the fighting torch of equality for generations. It is my honor to present this legacy today and my privilege to represent the past and present women of Mon-tana. On behalf of a grateful nation, I com-mend Montana’s women veterans of WWI.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TOM TROXEL ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Tom Troxel for the many years of his career that he has dedicated to improving the ecological health of our national forests and for his service to the timber industry, which has strengthened the economic health of local communities. Tom has spent more than 40 years in the forestry industry, and he has mas-tered the art of promoting environ-mentally sound forest management practices while strongly supporting the timber industry. Tom has been a trust-ed source of reliable and accurate in-formation throughout his career. He received his bachelor of science in forestry from the University of Mon-tana in 1973. He worked for the U.S. Forest Service in Idaho, Montana, and California, starting as a summer job in 1970 during college and continuing until 1989. Since 1989, Tom has been the execu-tive director for the Intermountain Forest Association based in Rapid City, SD. During that time, he has worked with forest products companies in Col-orado, South Dakota, and Wyoming and has played a critically important role in addressing issues related to na-tional forest timber programs, includ-ing forest planning, project analyses, timber sale contracts, and legislative affairs. Tom has served as the executive di-rector of the Black Hills Forest Re-source Association, the executive di-rector of the Colorado Timber Industry Association, and a member of the For-est Service’s Forest Planning Advisory Committee. He has also served as the executive secretary of the Black Hills Regional Multiple Use Coalition for 25 years and as a member of the board of directors for the Rapid City Chamber of Commerce. Those of us who have had the privi-lege of working with Tom over the years will miss the knowledge and ex-pertise he has shared with us. Our for-est landscapes and communities are better because of his work. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Tom for his work on be-half of our forests, the timber industry, and local communities. As he retires from his very successful career, I wish him continued success and happiness in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1698. An act to expand sanctions against Iran with respect to the ballistic missile program of Iran, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1698. An act to expand sanctions against Iran with respect to the ballistic missile program of Iran, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 1199. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to reauthorize the Border Enforcement Security Task Force program within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 179). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of General Services. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 2030. A bill to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation standards for ceiling light kits to be January 21, 2020, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2031. A bill to provide for the convey-ance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. ROBERTS ): S. 2032. A bill to make certain footwear eli-gible for duty-free treatment under the Gen-eralized System of Preferences, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. Res. 312. A resolution expressing support for the designation of September 2017 and 2018 each as ‘‘National Month for Renters’’; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. R
ISCH): S. Res. 313. A resolution designating the week of October 30 through November 3, 2017, as ‘‘National Veterans Small Business Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. Res. 314. A resolution designating Octo-ber 30, 2017, as a national day of remem-brance for nuclear weapons program work-ers; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.019 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6876 October 30, 2017 
SULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 353 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 353, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the rural add-on payment in the Medicare home health benefit, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 503 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 503, a bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to make pub-licly available certain regulatory records relating to the administration of the Animal Welfare Act and the Horse Protection Act, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the use of an alternative deprecia-tion system for taxpayers violating rules under the Animal Welfare Act and the Horse Protection Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 629, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drugs, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety and effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials approved for use in the prevention, control, and treatment of animal dis-eases, in order to minimize the devel-opment of antibiotic-resistant bac-teria. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 654, a bill to revise sec-tion 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 674 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 674, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the retirement income account rules relating to church controlled organiza-tions. S. 700 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 700, a bill to improve the repro-ductive assistance provided by the De-partment of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 793 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 793, a bill to pro-hibit sale of shark fins, and for other purposes. 
S. 872 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 872, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make perma-nent the extension of the Medicare-de-pendent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hospital pro-gram. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term serv-ices and supports, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 978 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 978, a bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish an award pro-gram recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system employees pro-viding services to students in pre-kindergarten through higher edu-cation. 
S. 1022 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1022, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assign-ment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1064 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1064, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to prohibit the stigmatization of chil-dren who are unable to pay for meals. S. 1130 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1130, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create a sus-tainable future for rural healthcare. 
S. 1343 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1343, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provi-sions. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and sec-ondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. 
S. 1674 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1674, a bill to provide grants for the re-pair, renovation, and construction of public elementary schools and sec-ondary schools, to establish a school infrastructure bond program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1690 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1690, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide greater support to students with de-pendents, and for other purposes. 
S. 1738 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1738, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a home infusion therapy services temporary transitional pay-ment under the Medicare program. 
S. 1746 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1746, a bill to require the Congres-sional Budget Office to make publicly available the fiscal and mathematical models, data, and other details of com-putations used in cost analysis and scoring. 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1827, a bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1842, a bill to provide for wild-fire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.011 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6877 October 30, 2017 
S. 1859 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1859, a bill to extend the moratorium on the annual fee on health insurance providers. 
S. 1953 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1953, a bill to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the In-dian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1981 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1981, a bill to amend the Nat-ural Gas Act to expedite approval of exports of small volumes of natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. 2019 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2019, a bill to amend title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and other statutes to clarify appropriate li-ability standards for Federal anti-discrimination claims. 
S. RES. 250 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 250, a resolution condemning hor-rific acts of violence against Burma’s Rohingya population and calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to play an active role in ending this humanitarian trag-edy. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 312—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF SEPTEMBER 2017 AND 2018 EACH AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL MONTH FOR RENTERS’’ Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 312 Whereas rental housing is a vital compo-nent of the housing market of the United States, providing a place to live for nearly 44,000,000 households and more than 111,000,000 individuals in the United States; Whereas the number of households renting homes increased by 9,000,000 over the past decade, the largest 10-year gain on record; Whereas more than 11,000,000 households in communities across the United States spend more than 50 percent of their income on rent and utilities, making those households se-verely cost-burdened under Federal stand-ards; and Whereas those 11,000,000 severely cost-bur-dened households include 14,000,000 women, 8,000,000 children, 9,000,000 members of the Millennial Generation, 2,000,000 senior citi-zens, and nearly 800,000 veterans: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of September 2017 and 2018 each as ‘‘National Month for Renters’’ to draw attention to the rental housing shortage in the United States; (2) urges a truly national effort involving all levels of government, the private sector, and the philanthropic community to expand the supply of rental homes affordable to low- and moderate-income households; (3) recognizes that subsidized rental hous-ing programs implemented by the Federal Government only serve 1⁄4of eligible renters and so are the equivalent of a lottery; and (4) recognizes that expanding the supply of rental homes affordable to low- and mod-erate-income families, particularly when close to employment opportunities, will— (A) help reduce commuting costs; (B) restore the first rungs of the housing ladder; (C) stabilize families and communities; (D) promote equality of opportunity; and (E) support greater economic growth and prosperity. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 313—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF OCTOBER 30 THROUGH NOVEMBER 3, 2017, AS ‘‘NATIONAL VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS WEEK’’ Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 313 Whereas the Armed Forces of the United States train individuals with the skills, dis-cipline, and leadership necessary to establish and operate a successful business; Whereas there are approximately 2,500,000 veteran-owned small businesses in the United States, employing more than 5,000,000 individuals; Whereas veteran-owned businesses make up nearly 10 percent of all businesses in the United States; Whereas veterans account for more than $1,100,000,000,000 in business receipts every year; Whereas veterans are 45 percent more like-ly to be self-employed than nonveterans; Whereas business ownership by women vet-erans has increased significantly, from 97,114 in 2007 to 383,302 in 2012; Whereas the Office of Veterans Business Development of the Small Business Adminis-tration is dedicated to maximizing the avail-ability and usability of small business pro-grams for veterans, members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States, members of the Armed Forces of the United States serving on active duty, transitioning service members, and the spouses, dependents, or survivors of those members and veterans; Whereas the Small Business Administra-tion serves more than 200,000 veterans, serv-ice-disabled veterans, women veterans, and military spouses annually; Whereas the entrepreneurship training pro-gram of the Small Business Administration, Boots to Business, has trained more than 30,000 service members, veterans, and spouses of service members and veterans since launching in 2013; Whereas the Small Business Administra-tion hosts events honoring National Vet-erans Small Business Week from October 30 through November 3, 2017; Whereas the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives celebrate National Vet-erans Small Business Week during the week of October 30 through November 3, 2017; and Whereas the week of October 30 through November 3, 2017, would be an appropriate time to celebrate National Veterans Small Business Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of October 30 through November 3, 2017, as ‘‘National Vet-erans Small Business Week’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Veterans Small Business Week; (3) celebrates the millions of people in the United States, especially veterans of the United States and the spouses of those vet-erans, who benefit from the programs of the Small Business Administration; and (4) expresses appreciation for the continued service to the United States by the veterans of the United States through small business ownership and entrepreneurship. f SENATE RESOLUTION 314—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 30, 2017, AS A NATIONAL DAY OF REMEM-BRANCE FOR NUCLEAR WEAP-ONS PROGRAM WORKERS Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 314 Whereas, since World War II, hundreds of thousands of men and women, including ura-nium miners, millers, and haulers, have served the United States by building nuclear weapons for the defense of the United States; Whereas dedicated workers paid a high price for developing a nuclear weapons pro-gram at the service, and for the benefit of, the United States, including by developing disabling or fatal illnesses; Whereas the Senate recognized the con-tributions, services, and sacrifices that those patriotic men and women made for the de-fense of the United States in— (1) Senate Resolution 151, 111th Congress, agreed to May 20, 2009; (2) Senate Resolution 653, 111th Congress, agreed to September 28, 2010; (3) Senate Resolution 275, 112th Congress, agreed to September 26, 2011; (4) Senate Resolution 519, 112th Congress, agreed to August 1, 2012; (5) Senate Resolution 164, 113th Congress, agreed to September 18, 2013; (6) Senate Resolution 417, 113th Congress, agreed to July 9, 2014; (7) Senate Resolution 213, 114th Congress, agreed to September 25, 2015; and (8) Senate Resolution 560, 114th Congress, agreed to November 16, 2016; Whereas a national day of remembrance time capsule has been crossing the United States, collecting stories and artifacts of nu-clear weapons program workers relating to the nuclear defense era of the United States, and a remembrance quilt has been con-structed to memorialize the contribution of those workers; Whereas the stories and artifacts reflected in the time capsule and the remembrance quilt reinforce the importance of recognizing nuclear weapons program workers; and Whereas those patriotic men and women deserve to be recognized for the contribu-tions, services, and sacrifices they made for the defense of the United States: Now, there-fore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.013 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6878 October 30, 2017 
Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates October 30, 2017, as a na-tional day of remembrance for the nuclear weapons program and uranium enrichment workers of the United States, including the uranium miners, millers, and haulers; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to support and participate in appro-priate ceremonies, programs, and other ac-tivities to commemorate October 30, 2017, as a national day of remembrance for past and present workers in the nuclear weapons pro-gram of the United States. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 2 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Monday, October 30, 2017, at 5 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the Authorization for the Use of Military Force. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, October 30, 2017, at 5:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of: Emily Webster Mur-phy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of the General Services Administra-tion. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE VIOLENCE AND PERSECUTION IN CHECHNYA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 243, S. Res. 211. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 211) condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment to strike all after the re-solving clause and insert the part printed in italic, and with an amend-ment to strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic, as follows: 
Whereas, on April 1, 2017, the Russian news-paper Novaya Gazeta reported that authorities in Chechnya, a republic of the Russian Federa-tion, had abducted, detained, and tortured over 100 men due to their actual or suspected sexual orientation; Whereas multiple independent and first-hand accounts have subsequently corroborated the Novaya Gazeta report, and describe a campaign of persecution by Chechen officials against men due to their actual or suspected sexual orienta-tion; Whereas, as a result of this persecution, at least three deaths have been reported and many individuals have been forced to flee Chechnya; Whereas Chechen officials have denied the ex-istence of such persecution, including through a statement by the spokesman for Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov that ‘‘You cannot arrest or re-press people who just don’t exist in the repub-lic.’’; Whereas the same spokesman for Ramzan Kadyrov has also stated that ‘‘If such people ex-isted in Chechnya, law enforcement would not have to worry about them, as their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return,’’ and credible reports indicate that Chechen authorities have encouraged families to carry out so-called ‘‘honor killings’’ of relatives due to their actual or suspected sexual orienta-tion; Whereas Chechnya is a republic of the Rus-sian Federation and subject to its laws, and Ramzan Kadyrov was installed as the leader of Chechnya by Russian President Vladimir Putin; Whereas Chechen authorities have a long his-tory of violating the fundamental human rights of their citizens, including through extrajudicial executions, forced disappearances, and torture of government critics; Whereas Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed reports of persecution in Chechnya and termed them ‘‘phantom complaints’’; Whereas the Russian Federation is a partici-pating State of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and a signatory to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and thus has agreed to guarantee the funda-mental human rights of all of its citizens; Whereas, on April 7, 2017, the United States Department of State issued a statement saying ‘‘We categorically condemn the persecution of individuals based on their sexual orientation’’ and urging the Government of the Russian Fed-eration to take steps to ensure the release of all those wrongfully detained in Chechnya, and to conduct a credible investigation of the reports; and Whereas, on April 17, 2017, United States Am-bassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley issued a statement saying ‘‘Chechen authorities must immediately investigate these allegations, hold anyone involved accountable, and take steps to prevent future abuses. We are against all forms of discrimination, including against people based on sexual orientation. When left unchecked, discrimination and human rights abuses can lead to destabilization and con-flict.’’: Now, therefore, be it That the Senate— (1) condemns the violence and persecution in Chechnya and calls on Chechen officials to im-mediately cease the abduction, detention, and torture of individuals on the basis of their ac-tual or suspected sexual orientation, and hold accountable all those involved in perpetrating such abuses; (2) calls on the Government of the Russian Federation to protect the human rights of all its citizens, condemn the violence and persecution, investigate the allegations in Chechnya, and hold accountable all those involved in perpe-trating such abuses; (3) calls on the United States Government to continue to condemn the violence and persecu-tion in Chechnya, demand the release of indi-viduals wrongfully detained, and identify those individuals whose involvement in this violence qualifies for the imposition of sanctions under the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Account-ability Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–208; 22 U.S.C. 5811 note) or the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (Public Law 114–328); and (4) affirms the fundamental human rights to peaceful assembly, freedom of association and expression, and freedom from arbitrary deten-tion and torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrad-ing treatment, and that governments that fail to respect these rights jeopardize the security and prosperity of all their citizens. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment to the res-olution be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the reso-lution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the resolution? If not, the question is on agreeing to the resolution, as amended. The resolution (S. Res. 211), as amended, was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment to the pre-amble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended, be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble in the nature of a sub-stitute was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ACADEMY OF NU-TRITION AND DIETETICS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Agri-culture Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 75. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 75) recognizing the 100th anniversary of the Academy of Nutri-tion and Dietetics, the largest organization of food and nutrition professionals in the world. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 75) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 1, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.015 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6879 October 30, 2017 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 312, S. Res. 313, and S. Res. 314. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 31; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Barrett nomination postcloture; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings; finally, that all time during morning business, recess, adjournment, and leader remarks count postcloture on the Barrett nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator R
EED. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
NORTH KOREA Mr. REED. Mr. President, a few weeks ago, I traveled to South Korea to better understand the threat posed by North Korea. I would like to share my impressions from the trip and how I believe we should be positioning our-selves to better deal with this current crisis. I want to recommend to my col-leagues and the administration that the time for debate on this issue is now, before the crisis comes to a head. We need to have a clear strategy and increased cooperation with South Korea, Japan, China, and Russia to contain and to deter the nuclear threat posed by North Korea. I have signifi-cant concerns that we are not doing ev-erything we can right now to improve our bargaining position with North Korea. I am convinced we must try to find a diplomatic solution to this prob-lem because the alternatives are ex-traordinarily costly. While we should always remain prepared to go to war and never take that option off the table, I believe as long as there is a possible diplomatic solution to this cri-sis, we must make every effort to make it a reality. I would like to spend some time talk-ing about the threat posed by North Korea and then review the history of our diplomatic negotiations since the early nineties. North Korea voluntarily joined the nuclear nonproliferation treaty, NPT, in 1985. It was clear only a few years later that it was in violation of the NPT. Our first crisis occurred when Kim Il Sung, the grandfather of the current leader, refused inspections required under the treaty in 1993. Since then, North Korea has engaged in the illegal production of fissile material and nu-clear devices, and has conducted six nuclear weapons tests. The latest test occurred just last month on September 3. The threat we face from North Korea is not just a nuclear weapon aimed at New York City or Washington, DC. This regime has proven over and over again that it will not hesitate to pro-liferate weapons of mass destruction for financial gain. The proliferation threat is a global one. We can all imag-ine the consequences of a nuclear weap-on in the hands of al-Qaida or ISIS that can be deployed anywhere in the world. North Korea poses not only a nuclear threat to the globe but also a conven-tional one. In 2010, the regime torpedoed and sank a South Korean warship, and 46 South Korean sailors lost their lives. Later that year, the re-gime killed four South Korean citizens when it shelled Yeonpyeong Island. Once this regime achieves its goal of developing a nuclear weapon that can hit the continental United States, we may see increased kinetic attacks against South Korea and Japan and possibly other countries in the region. North Korea has repeatedly engaged in cyber attacks over the last decade and uses them as an asymmetric weap-on against companies and governments alike. It has been attributed with sweeping attacks against the financial industry’s Society for Worldwide Inter-bank Financial Telecommunication or SWIFT protocol to enrich itself to the tune of millions of dollars. This SWIFT protocol is the backbone of the world financial system. It orchestrated the DarkSeoul cyber attacks in 2013, attacking South Ko-rean news stations and financial insti-tutions, and it was responsible for the destructive and coercive attacks against Sony Pictures, a successful American entertainment company, be-cause it didn’t like a movie’s depiction of the current leader. Let us not forget that North Korea engages in horrific human rights viola-tions against its own people. It main-tains a system of brutal prison camps that incarcerate thousands of men, women, and children who live in atro-cious living conditions under the con-stant fear of rape, torture, and arbi-trary execution. It keeps its civilian population isolated from the rest of the world without access to current news and information that would undermine its propaganda to brainwash its popu-lation into believing in and revering their leader and demonizing the West-ern ideals of freedom and democracy. I think it is important for us to re-member the long and torturous diplo-matic path we have walked with North Korea for the last 25 years and recog-nize the wasted opportunities by past administrations that could have pre-vented or reduced the threat we face today. After we realized that North Korea had failed to meet its obligations under the NPT in the mid-nineties, we almost reached a crisis point in the late spring of 1994, as the Clinton administration considered striking the Yongbyon nu-clear facility. The crisis was resolved when former President Carter traveled to Pyongyang that summer and bro-kered the outlines of a deal. North Korea would freeze its plutonium pro-duction program in exchange for a light-water nuclear reactor. A final deal was brokered later that year called the Agreed Framework, under which North Korea agreed to freeze its plutonium production programs and to eventually dismantle them in exchange for two nuclear reactors and the pros-pect of normalization of economic and diplomatic relations. How did we get from that agreement to today? For starters, in 1998, North Korea tested its first long-range bal-listic missile, and that began to un-ravel the deal. The Clinton administra-tion attempted to salvage the Agreed Framework by negotiating additional terms to stop its missile program but was unable to conclude arrangements before President Clinton left office. After President Bush took office in 2001, the new administration wanted to distance itself from Clinton’s policies and stopped negotiating the Agreed Framework in earnest. North Korea, reacting to the Bush administration’s new hostile tone, also stepped away from the talks. For example, in January 2002, Presi-dent Bush delivered his ‘‘axis of evil’’ State of the Union speech that identi-fied North Korea as a regime ‘‘arming [itself] with missiles and weapons of mass destruction, while starving its citizens.’’ In April of that year, Presi-dent Bush issued a memorandum stat-ing he would not certify North Korea’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.026 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6880 October 30, 2017 
compliance with the Agreed Frame-work. Rumors also abounded at this time about North Korea’s pursuit of a uranium-based nuclear weapon, which were confirmed in October of 2002. By the end of 2002, diplomatic efforts hav-ing stalled, North Korea expelled in-spectors from the country, withdrew from the NPT in early 2003, and turned fuel rods that the United States had helped to store safely under the Agreed Framework into weapons-grade pluto-nium. It was a lost opportunity to go back to the drawing board, reengage with the North Korean regime, and at-tempt to find a comprehensive deal that would include both its plutonium and uranium programs, as well as the missile program. After North Korea admitted in April 2003 that it possessed nuclear weapons but was willing to get rid of its pro-gram in exchange for something ‘‘con-siderable’’ from the United States, the so-called Six-Party Talks started in August of that year and eventually reached an agreement in September of 2005, in which North Korea committed to the other five parties that it would abandon all nuclear weapons and exist-ing nuclear programs. At this point, North Korea’s nuclear program had made significant progress, and forcing the North Korean regime to implement the agreement and stop its program would have required a sig-nificant diplomatic investment by the United States, but at that time we were fighting two wars in Iraq and Af-ghanistan and did not see North Korea as the highest priority. After North Korea tested a nuclear device in 2006, we had a moment when the other parties to the Six-Party Talks were even more resolved to work together. The Six-Party Talks did produce two additional agreements in which North Korea froze the plutonium program, turned over operating records, and dismantled the cooling tower, but they again faltered and then failed over verification measures. It is possible that with consistent pressure and cooperation with the other parties, we could have convinced North Korea to follow through on its verification commitments. Then the North Korean leader suffered a stroke in 2008, and President Bush left office in January 2009, complicating matters even more. North Korea greeted the newly elected Obama administration with a ballistic missile test in April 2009 and a nuclear test in May. After Kim Jong Un took control of North Korea in 2011, the situation be-came even more challenging when it became clear that there was a new and concerted effort to advance their nu-clear program. The Obama administra-tion struck the so-called Leap Day Deal—both countries separately an-nounced an agreement to suspend oper-ations at its Yongbyon uranium en-richment plant and invited the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency or IAEA inspectors to monitor the sus-pension and implement moratoriums on nuclear long-range missile tests. In exchange, we offered a generous food aid package. It was an attempt to begin the process of denuclearization but was short-lived since North Korea announced its plans to launch a sat-ellite in violation of U.N. resolutions only 2 weeks after the agreement was announced. Yet, again, it was a lost op-portunity to really challenge the cur-rent leader before he had consolidated power within North Korea over a prov-ocation that did not need to derail ne-gotiations. My purpose in reviewing this history is to note that there were opportuni-ties, especially under the Agreed Framework and later during the Six- Party Talks, to reengage the North Ko-rean Government and find a com-prehensive diplomatic solution. We missed those opportunities and deferred this problem and now we are in a much worse negotiating position than in any time in history. Of course, we cannot ignore that the biggest prob-lem has always been North Korea’s failure to stand by its commitments and its covert development of programs despite repeated assurances during ne-gotiations. That is why I believe we need to make sure any deal includes stringent verification measures, with snapback sanctions and economic measures that will cripple the North Korean economy and starve it of any resources it can use for a nuclear pro-gram. While I understand the risks in-herent in any deal with North Korea, I believe the alternatives are much riskier. I would like to be very clear. While we will prevail in a war against North Korea, it will not look like winning. I want to paint for you the very stark and grim reality we will be facing in a conflict against North Korea. First, it would and should not be lost on anyone that the United States has never fought against a nuclear-armed state. Even if we were to engage in a preemp-tive war with North Korea now, it cur-rently has the capability to hit both South Korea and Japan, our main stag-ing areas and where the majority of our troops would be located, with a nu-clear weapon. The irony is that by striking first to prevent a nuclear strike against the United States, we would be significantly increasing the likelihood of a nuclear strike against ourselves or our allies. Even if North Korea does not hit South Korea or Japan with a nuclear weapon, a conventional war would be devastating. Within the first weeks, we would see tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of civilian casualties from the long-range artillery strategically aimed at the 25 million citizens of Seoul. There are some 250,000 American citizens living in South Korea who would need to be evacuated, mostly from Seoul, while the city is under siege. The United States has never con-ducted a noncombatant evacuation op-eration of this scale. It is likely that most U.S. citizens would not be able to be evacuated within the first week of hostilities, resulting in massive U.S. civilian casualties in addition to the thousands of our Korean friends who would also lose their lives. Moreover, either in anticipation of hostilities or in response to a preemp-tive attack, North Korea will engage in significant cyber operations that will strike at infrastructure throughout the world, including the United States. Further complicating the scenario is the fact that North Korean cyber oper-ations are conducted outside of its ter-ritory, principally in China. Without any prior agreement with these coun-tries, we would be faced with the dif-ficult decision of how to stop these re-mote North Korean operations. Let us also not discount the cas-cading economic effects of war. The South Korean economy would be in ruins, and shortly thereafter, the Asian markets and the global market would begin to see the effects. As noted by Emerging Asia Economics Focus by Capital Economics with regard to the potential economic impacts of such a war, South Korea accounts for around 2 percent of global economic output. If South Korea’s GDP fell only by half, that would result in a 1-percent de-crease in global GDP, not to mention a huge disruption to global supply chains. The U.S. Federal debt would go up considerably. Collectively, this war could cost us billions, in addition to the actual financial and military re-sources that we would need to expend. To those who think we will have a quick and certain military victory, I would say that our assumptions of a quick victory have been proven wrong many times in our history. We will not be viewed as liberators by the majority of the North Korean population, who have been taught from birth that the United States initiated the hostilities that led to the Korean war and is de-termined to destroy their country. The Korean war, during which the North Koreans suffered massive casualties and a constant bombing campaign that reportedly killed almost 20 percent of its population, is within the living memory of older North Koreans. Add to that the incredibly risky mis-sions of locating, isolating, and neu-tralizing nuclear, chemical, and bio-logical weapon sites and the thousands of underground facilities in North Korea and we are looking at a month- long kinetic campaign with a years- long stabilization effort, not to men-tion the decades it will take not only to reconstruct North Korea but to bring its infrastructure and population forward to the 21st century. We also cannot underestimate the re-actions of the global community, espe-cially China, if we act prematurely. China has a defense treaty with North Korea, and although it has publicly stated that it will not aid North Korea if North Korea attacks first, we cannot gauge what China’s reaction will be if it determines that we were the initial aggressors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.028 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6881 October 30, 2017 
Again, we will prevail after a long, bloody, and costly fight, but it will not look like winning. We must do every-thing we can now to set the theater to win the war, and then do everything in our power to avoid it. To that end, we should exhaust every single diplomatic avenue for peace before considering other options. We have an obligation to our men and women in uniform to vig-orously seek a diplomatic solution be-fore using military force. We also need to convince our allies, especially South Korea and Japan, that we are serious about their security and have made every effort to avoid conflict. We will undermine our own credibility and our standing in the world if we rush to war without demonstrating our commit-ment to peace. Finally, even if diplomacy fails—and I fear that our likelihood of success is low, given the history I have laid out above—there are certain advantages to being secured solely through the proc-ess of negotiating that will be signifi-cant achievements in their own right. First, we will have a much better sense of what the current regime’s strategic interests are. It was clear Kim Il Sung, the present leader’s grandfather, had three strategic prior-ities: to use the nuclear program to blackmail the rest of the world for eco-nomic concessions; to appeal to the North Korean populace, who had been told that nuclear weapons were a man-tle of legitimacy; and to scapegoat the United States with North Korea’s eco-nomic problems, arguing that the sac-rifices made by the North Korean peo-ple were necessary to fend off U.S. im-perial aggression. It is less clear where the current re-gime’s interests lie. It is possible that Kim Jong Un is interested only in re-gime survival and will be willing to agree to a deal that will freeze its pro-grams and instead focus its attention on developing its infrastructure and improving its economic growth in ex-change for guarantees that we will not seek regime change. Despite our strongest sanctions pro-gramme to date, the North Korean economy is growing, albeit from a re-markably low starting point. Kim Jong Un has taken a page from the Chinese economic plan of the 1980s and 1990s and significantly increased the eco-nomic prosperity of his people. While maintaining strict social and political control, he has opened the economy through decollectivization, the reduc-tion of market restrictions, and allow-ing small private enterprises to flour-ish. The North Korean economy grew more than 3 percent last year. It is clear that Kim Jong Un is interested in allowing his economy to develop and in providing greater economic oppor-tunity to his people. But it is also possible that Kim Jong Un has more aggressive ambitions and seeks to finish his grandfather’s goal of reuniting the peninsula under North Korean rule. I believe we should spend the time to try to understand Kim Jong Un’s ultimate goals and whether peace is really on the table. Second, we will have the moral au-thority to go to war having dem-onstrated to the world that we nego-tiated in good faith and that the North Korean regime is not interested in peace. It will also give us an oppor-tunity to better understand and coordi-nate on China’s strategic interests. While China is also quite concerned and alarmed by the nuclear programs, it has a considerable interest in main-taining stability on the peninsula to avoid regime collapse, to avoid a hu-manitarian crisis triggered by millions of refugees flowing across its southern border, and to avoid the possibility of a biological or chemical weapon attack or a nuclear attack so close to its terri-tory. Diplomacy may offer the opportunity to find common ground with China on these issues—issues that concern us as well—and to coordinate our responses in the event of a contingency. We should discuss end states with China that take into account their vital na-tional interests. Finally, we should be able to receive some commitments from other coun-tries, especially China, with regard to the enforcement of sanctions as an aid to the diplomatic process. To date China has been unwilling to exert the type of pressure necessary to cause real economic pressure on the North Korean regime. I believe we should push for an agreement with China and Russia on even stronger sanctions that will be immediately enforced during the nego-tiation process and will continue to be enforced if the negotiations fail. We should be expending every pos-sible resource now to set the right con-ditions for diplomacy and to improve our negotiation position. This adminis-tration has not created the right condi-tions to date, and there are four areas that I believe we need to focus on today: consistent and clear messaging to North Korea and the world; increas-ing our diplomatic and military capac-ity; improving international coopera-tion and coordination; and increasing pressure on the North Korean regime through better sanctions enforcement, military pressure, and information op-erations. There has been a marked failure to consistently message to the North Ko-reans, our allies in the region, other global players like Russia and China, and the rest of the world. Secretary Tillerson has repeatedly made public statements regarding our intentions to pursue a diplomatic solution with North Korea and has been consistently undercut by the President’s com-mentary that we are not really inter-ested in diplomacy. While I understand the President’s intent might be to dem-onstrate that we can and will use mili-tary force if necessary, there are cer-tainly more artful ways of making that message clear than tweeting that the Secretary of State is ‘‘wasting his time trying to negotiate with Rocket Man.’’ This is not a time for incoherence or confusion. We need to be as precise and clear as possible with regard to the ad-ministration’s avowed strong pref-erence for diplomacy. Likewise, President Trump’s speech at the United Nations General Assem-bly sent exactly the wrong message to North Korea and to our ally South Korea. Threatening to destroy North Korea, a country of 25 million people, may send a deterrence message, but it also plays into the regime’s narrative that we are out to destroy them. We should not be feeding into Kim Jong Un’s propaganda machine by reaffirm-ing their mistaken belief that we are interested in annihilating their coun-try, and we should not be signaling to South Korea that this administration does not take its security seriously. I sincerely hope that the President does not repeat his tone-deaf mes-saging during his upcoming speech to the Korean National Assembly. The Government of Korea needs to hear a clear commitment to diplomacy and a clear commitment to protect the Re-public of Korea as is required by our al-liance. In this regard, it is disturbing to hear of reports that officials responsible for executing our diplomacy with regard to North Korea are, as reported in an Oc-tober 25 Foreign Policy situation re-port, ‘‘frustrated by an inability to communicate the urgency of the situa-tion to the White House.’’ Unless there is consistency in our message and con-stant and acute attention from the White House, we are on a path to dis-aster. In addition to consistent messaging, we need to drastically improve our ca-pacity, both diplomatic and military, to position ourselves for any negotia-tion with North Korea. It is diplomatic malpractice that there is no U.S. Am-bassador to South Korea. The Presi-dent is heading there in a few days. There is insufficient time, even if an Ambassador were to be named tomor-row, to confirm that individual before the President’s trip. We have a key dip-lomatic post that has been empty for 8 months. There is also no Assistant Sec-retary of State for Asia in the State Department or in the Department of Defense. While we have Acting Assist-ant Secretaries, that is no substitute for the political appointees who will be able to operate with far greater free-dom and support from the administra-tion. I urge this administration to fill these positions immediately. Since sanctions are our most impor-tant diplomatic tool, it is also astound-ing that Secretary Tillerson is elimi-nating the State Department’s Coordi-nator for Sanction Policy office, ‘‘which has been led by a veteran am-bassador-rank diplomat with at least five staff’’ as reported in an October 26 Foreign Policy article. He will report-edly entrust this critical task to one individual in his Policy Planning Of-fice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.029 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6882 October 30, 2017 
One of the most important elements to strengthening our bargaining posi-tion is demonstrating that we are pre-pared to fight if necessary. When I was in South Korea, I spoke at great length with our military commanders, includ-ing General Brooks, about our readi-ness. I was very impressed by not only how prepared we are to go to war but also how integrated our operations are with the Republic of Korea’s. Even so, I believe there are some ad-ditional measures that should be taken now. Specifically, I believe we need to increase our intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance operations, our strike capabilities, and strengthen our missile defense capabilities in the re-gion with more Patriot, THAAD, and SM–3 interceptors, as well as increase our critical munitions stocks to ensure that we are providing credible military options on the Korean Peninsula. We should be providing U.S. Forces Korea with every tool they may need to pros-ecute a possible war. However, even this increased readiness would not overcome the massive casualties and possible use of nuclear weapons that I outlined before. As we have learned time and time again, the multilateral approach is the best path to a successful outcome, whether in diplomacy or war. There are a number of countries whose national security interests are touched by the North Korean threat, although I would submit that North Korea poses a global challenge because of the risk created by its nuclear weapons and human rights violations. First and foremost, we need to better coordinate our messaging and strategy with our allies, South Korea and Japan. It will be nearly impossible to initiate any unilateral action against North Korea without the commitment and cooperation of South Korea and Japan. The majority of our forces are either stationed or flowing through those two countries. They are indispen-sable and equal partners in the crisis and should be treated as such. We cannot assume that South Korea and Japan have identical interests to us or that they are in complete agree-ment on all aspects of our strategy. Through constant diplomacy, we can ensure that we enter into negotiations with the same objectives and under-stand our partners’ interests and their tolerance for risk. We also need to push our partners to work better together. For example, at the end of last year, South Korea and Japan entered into a General Security of Military Informa-tion Agreement to share sensitive in-formation on North Korea’s missile and nuclear activities. However, this agree-ment has yet to be implemented, to the detriment of the security of South Korea, Japan, and the United States. Our allies must learn to work in con-cert to ensure we are in the best posi-tion to deal with the threat we all face. Second, we should be seriously con-sidering some combination of multiparty talks with the relevant stakeholders, including China and Rus-sia, to first establish some basic red-lines that can be conveyed to the North Korean Government: No atmospheric tests of nuclear weapons, no electro-magnetic pulse attacks, and no missile attacks on the United States, its allies, or any country. These talks should be also geared toward getting additional commitments on sanctions, especially from China and Russia, that have to date failed to fully implement sanc-tions against North Korea. If we can come to some agreement among ourselves about the path for-ward and show a unified, diplomatic front to North Korea, I believe we will be much more successful in any nego-tiations. It is also critical that we increase the pressure on North Korea and create less operating space for the regime to pursue its ballistic missile and nuclear ambitions. We are not at the maximum level of sanctions that can be imposed on North Korea. There are financial insti-tutions that are conducting trans-actions with North Korea that have not yet been subjected to sanctions. We should be pursuing sanctions against every institution, no matter how large or small, that conducts even a single transaction with this regime. There are significant authorities that have been created, both through the United Na-tions and by other authorities, to go after companies and individuals who are doing business with North Korea. The issue, as I see it, is enforcement. Our Treasury Department, in coopera-tion with the State Department, must act faster to target these bad actors. Time is not on our side. Every day that passes is a day that Kim Jong Un is closer to the goal of achieving an inter-continental ballistic missile that can hit the eastern seaboard of the United States with a nuclear weapon. In addition to financial institutions, we must starve the regime of the re-sources it needs to support its elites and the military—whether through coal or overseas labor, every avenue of revenue must be cut off. We need to make a concerted effort through our diplomatic channels to cut off North Korea’s access to hard cur-rency. Every country that continues to employ North Korean labor and allow North Korean business to operate with-in its borders needs to know that there will be economic and diplomatic con-sequences for its behavior. To those who argue that we would be punishing everyday North Koreans with these measures, I would note that the vast majority of funds are remitted to the regime to use for its nefarious pur-poses. We should be engaging every single country with a North Korean Embassy that has not yet been closed to follow Spain and Mexico’s example and order them closed. It has been reported for years that these Embassies operate as fronts for North Korea’s illicit activi-ties, including trading in counterfeit currency, arms smuggling, and circum-venting sanctions by selling prohibited goods. China needs to be convinced not only to cut off the fuel supply to North Korea but also to clamp down on the regime’s use of its financial institu-tions. Russia employs thousands of workers and stands ready to sell fuel to North Korea, acting opportunistically instead of as the global leader it makes itself out to be. The United States withheld nearly $300 million in military assistance to Egypt after we discovered that the military had purchased 30,000 North Korean rocket-propelled grenades. I believe it is our failure to exact se-vere consequences on the countries that do business with North Korea that has allowed the regime to spread its workers and exports across the globe and reap billions of dollars from the global economy. North Korea needs to realize that its reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons has left it with no allies, no friends, and no financial resources. This is one reason why the devastating cuts to the State Department and the failure to ade-quately staff our diplomatic corps is such a wasted opportunity to increase our diplomatic capacity to spread this message to all the countries that work with North Korea. We need to increase the military pressure on North Korea. This requires flying close surveillance missions and continuing our exercises and posture on the peninsula. We need to make it clear to Pyongyang that while we pre-fer diplomacy, we will not hesitate to use military force if necessary. To that end, we should be doing everything to set the military theater on the penin-sula in our favor. Finally, we have not sufficiently countered the propaganda that has brainwashed the North Korean people into believing that we are their en-emies and that we seek to destroy their country. We should be increasing the budgeting for Radio Free Asia and other organizations that everyday North Koreans can access. We should also be exposing the North Korean peo-ple, through every avenue available, to real information about the world and the deplorable conditions that their leadership has created within their country. I believe it was a mistake to do away with the position of Special Envoy for North Korean Human Rights. We need more diplomats fully engaged and working on improving the human rights conditions for millions of North Korean citizens, helping North Korean refugees, and increasing efforts to edu-cate them. We should be just as concerned with internal pressure on the regime as we are with external pressure. The Soviet Union collapsed because everyday So-viet citizens saw how far behind their Western counterparts the USSR’s poli-cies had left them. Everyday North Ko-reans want the same things: security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.031 S30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6883 October 30, 2017 
stability, and the ability to educate and raise their children in peace and prosperity. That is the message we should be promoting in North Korea. I wish I could stand here and say that I am confident we can negotiate a deal with the North Koreans to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula. This may have been possible in the late 1990s under the Agreed Framework, but it will be very challenging now. The price of peace has risen dramatically since that time. Administration after administra-tion kicked the can down the road, and now we are left with a North Korean regime that is very close to developing a nuclear-armed ICBM that can hit the United States and a North Korean lead-er who observed the fates of Saddam Hussein and Muammar Qadhafi and has decided that his regime will only sur-vive if he has a nuclear weapon capable of hitting the United States. We may need to be willing to accept a deal short of denuclearization that includes a verifiable freeze on the de-velopment and testing of nuclear weap-ons and missile programs. We will like-ly need to have some interim con-fidence-building agreements over a pe-riod of months or years short of this goal to build momentum. Obtaining the necessary agreements regarding verification and inspections will be the most challenging aspects of the deal and I worry may derail our best efforts at negotiation. There will likely be discussion of re-ducing our military presence on the pe-ninsula and curtailing our joint mili-tary exercises with the Republic of Korea. I believe we should not agree to any reduction of joint exercises in ex-change for a freeze, but I do think we should carefully consider whether there should be a step down in military exercises on both sides to reduce ten-sions and build confidence. Any agreement will need to contain strict prohibitions on proliferation and an international observation organiza-tion to ensure that North Korea is not selling its nuclear or missile tech-nology to other countries or nonstate actors. It is important that we all recognize that we are not faced with the binary options that many people are fond of promoting—denuclearization or war. There are diplomatic options short of denuclearization that we may be forced to consider. If diplomacy fails, our only alternative is not a kinetic one. There is the same option we chose when Rus-sia and China became nuclear states— accept the risks and mitigate it through isolation, containment, and deterrence. I would like to note that the costs as-sociated with this path are very high but still likely less than the cost of war. There is a significantly lower risk of the loss of life. For example, we will need to invest even more heavily in our missile de-fense, and even after investing millions of dollars, we are left in a position where we won’t have confidence that we can shoot down every single missile pointed at Washington, DC, or New York. That is where we were with the Soviet Union and still are with the Russians today. We will also need to increase our funding for overhead intelligence to make sure we have the most accurate information, minute by minute, about developments within North Korea. Additionally, we will need to main-tain a strictly enforced sanctions re-gime for years to come, and we will need to work diligently to overcome the inevitable sanctions fatigue. We will also need to invest even more heavily in our agencies that prosecute sanctions. We will need a nimble Treas-ury, State Department, and intel-ligence community that can identify and quickly target bad actors. The North Korean regime has proven itself quite able to engage in illegal and il-licit activities as varied as cyber crime, arms sales, currency, counter-feiting, narcotics, and wildlife traf-ficking. Empowering our State, Treas-ury, and intelligence Departments to identify and target these illicit activi-ties and schemes will be expensive, both in manpower and diplomatic nego-tiations with countries that stand to profit from these arrangements. We will also need to work hard to prevent a nuclear arms race in the Asia-Pacific region. There are already elements in South Korea that are agi-tating for the return of tactical nu-clear weapons. As North Korea’s nu-clear program grows more robust, these elements will only get stronger. Even nuclear-adverse Japan may re-consider its position as it feels more pressure from its neighbor to the west. The risks of proliferation in Asia and the rest of the world are high. Let us remember that proliferation is not the solution, it is the problem. We need to be clear-eyed about the threat we face from North Korea. Years of indecision have left us with a num-ber of imperfect and expensive options. North Korea’s aggressive behavior has led us to the brink of war. We are in a time of uncertain peace. I would urge this administration and my colleagues to consider the costs of war that I have outlined and for all of us, Republicans and Democrats, to work toward a peaceful and diplomatic solution to this crisis now. I yield the floor. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senate stands ad-journed until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:39 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 31, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
IRVING DENNIS, OF OHIO, TO BE CHIEF FINANCIAL OF-FICER, DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, VICE BRADFORD RAYMOND HUTHER. 
OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  
ENFORCEMENT  
STEVEN GARDNER, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT, VICE JOSEPH G. PIZARCHIK. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
M. LEE MCCLENNY, OF WASHINGTON, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF PARAGUAY. CARLOS TRUJILLO, OF FLORIDA, TO BE PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. PETER HENDRICK VROOMAN, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF RWANDA. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
KENNETH L. MARCUS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CIVIL RIGHTS, DEPARTMENT OF EDU-CATION, VICE CATHERINE ELIZABETH LHAMON. 
THE JUDICIARY  
CARMEN GUERRICAGOITIA MCLEAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SU-PERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE GREGORY E. JACKSON, RETIRED. 
UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
ROBERT M. DUNCAN, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A GOV-ERNOR OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 8, 2018, VICE THURGOOD MAR-SHALL, JR., TERM EXPIRED. ROBERT M. DUNCAN, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A GOV-ERNOR OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 8, 2025. (REAPPOINTMENT) CALVIN R. TUCKER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A GOV-ERNOR OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 8, 2023, VICE CAROLYN L. GALLAGHER, TERM EXPIRED. DAVID WILLIAMS, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A GOVERNOR OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-PIRING DECEMBER 8, 2019, VICE DENNIS J. TONER, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. LISA M. FRANCHETTI 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate October 30, 2017: 
THE JUDICIARY  
TREVOR N. MCFADDEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Nov 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\S30OC7.REC S30OC7
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1451 October 30, 2017 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-tober 31, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 1 9:30 a.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine social media influence in the 2016 United States elections. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of David J. Ryder, of New Jer-sey, to be Director of the Mint, Depart-ment of the Treasury, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, and Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission; to be immediately fol-lowed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Scott Garrett, of New Jersey, to be President, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice President, Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, and Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, each to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors, all of the Export-Import Bank. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of James Bridenstine, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, and Neil Ja-cobs, of North Carolina, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the King-dom of Lesotho, Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Namibia, James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, and Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, all of the Depart-ment of State. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Ne-braska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, and Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy To hold hearings to examine energy and international development. SD–419 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine building tribal economies, focusing on modernizing tax policies that work for Indian country. SD–628 NOVEMBER 2 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army, Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Joseph Kernan, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence, and Guy B. Roberts, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of De-fense. SD–G50 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the poten-tial for oil and gas exploration and de-velopment in the non-wilderness por-tion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, known as the ‘‘1002 Area’’ or Coastal Plain, to raise sufficient rev-enue pursuant to the Senate reconcili-ation instructions included in H. Con Res. 71. SD–366 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 807, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers, and the nominations of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Cir-cuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ala-bama, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, and Matthew G. T. Martin, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of North Carolina, and Christina E. Nolan, to be United States Attorney for the District of Vermont, both of the Department of Justice. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 NOVEMBER 7 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Ernest W. Dubester, of Vir-ginia, Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority. SD–342 NOVEMBER 8 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native Amer-ican tangible cultural heritage, and S. 465, to provide for an independent out-side audit of the Indian Health Service. SD–628 NOVEMBER 14 9:30 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine hurricane recovery efforts in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Is-lands. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M30OC8.000 E30OCPT1
D1139 Monday, October 30, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6861–S6883 Measures Introduced: Three bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2030–2032, and S. Res. 312–314.
                                                       Page S6875 
Measures Reported: S. 1199, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reauthorize the Border Enforcement Security Task Force program within the Department of Homeland Security, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–179)
                                                                       Page S6875 
Measures Passed: Condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya: Senate agreed to S. Res. 211, con-demning the violence and persecution in Chechnya, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S6878 
100th anniversary of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry was discharged from further con-sideration of S. Res. 75, recognizing the 100th anni-versary of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, the largest organization of food and nutrition profes-sionals in the world, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S6878 
National Month for Renters: Senate agreed to S. Res. 312, expressing support for the designation of September 2017 and 2018 each as ‘‘National Month for Renters’’.
                                                                 Page S6879 
National Veterans Small Business Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 313, designating the week of Octo-ber 30 through November 3, 2017, as ‘‘National Veterans Small Business Week’’.
                       Page S6879 
Nuclear Weapons Program Workers National Day of Remembrance: Senate agreed to S. Res. 314, designating October 30, 2017, as a national day of remembrance for nuclear weapons program workers. 
                                                                                            Page S6879 
Barrett Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Amy Coney Bar-rett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
                                  Pages S6866–68 During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 54 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 254), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S6866 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m. on Tuesday, October 31, 2017; and that all time during morning business, recess, adjournment, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S6879 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 84 yeas to 10 nays (Vote No. EX. 253), Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. 
                                                                       Pages S6863–66, S6883 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Irving Dennis, of Ohio, to be Chief Financial Of-ficer, Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. Steven Gardner, of Kentucky, to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement. M. Lee McLenny, of Washington, a Career Mem-ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor to be Ambassador to the Republic of Paraguay. Carlos Trujillo, of Florida, to be Permanent Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Organization of American States, with the rank of Ambassador. Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Rwanda. Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education. Carmen Guerricagoitia McLean, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fif-teen years. Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, to be a Gov-ernor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30OC7.REC D30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1140 October 30, 2017 
Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, to be a Gov-ernor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2025. Calvin R. Tucker, of Pennsylvania, to be a Gov-ernor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2023. David Williams, of Illinois, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2019. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S6883 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6875 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6875 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6875 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6875–77 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6877–78 
Additional Statements:                                   Page S6872–75 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6878 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—254)
                                                                Page S6866 Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:39 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Oc-tober 31, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6883.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AUTHORIZATIONS FOR THE USE OF MILITARY FORCE Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Authorizations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration per-spectives, after receiving testimony from Rex Tillerson, Secretary of State; and James Mattis, Sec-retary of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of the General Services Admin-istration. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, Octo-ber 31, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1110) 
H.R. 2266, making additional supplemental ap-propriations for disaster relief requirements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. Signed on October 26, 2017. (Public Law 115–72) S. 585, to provide greater whistleblower protec-tions for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and increased ac-countability and required discipline for Federal su-pervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers. Signed on October 26, 2017. (Public Law 115–73) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing on recent Navy collisions at sea, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Leon A. Westmoreland, of Georgia, to be a Director of the Am-trak Board of Directors, Raymond Martinez, of New Jer-sey, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, and Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine exploring Na-tive American subsistence rights and international trea-ties, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30OC7.REC D30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1141 October 30, 2017 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine new efficiency opportunities provided by advanced building management and control systems, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act, focusing on achieving the promise of health information technology, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the 2017 hurri-cane season, focusing on the Federal response, 10 a.m., SD–342. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 2020 Census, focusing on cost overruns, information security, and accuracy, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine extremist content and Russian disinformation online, focusing on working with tech to find solutions, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2936, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of October 31 through November 3, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Cir-cuit, post-cloture. Following disposition of the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Joan Louise Lar-sen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Following disposition of the nomination of Joan Louise Larsen, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. Following disposition of the nomination of Allison H. Eid, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: October 31, to receive a closed briefing on recent Navy collisions at sea, 10 a.m., SVC–217. November 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army, Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Personnel and Readi-ness, Joseph Kernan, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence, and Guy B. Roberts, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: No- vember 1, business meeting to consider the nominations of David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, Department of the Treasury, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, and Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Scott Garrett, of New Jersey, to be President, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice President, Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, and Spencer Bachus III, of Ala-bama, Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, each to be a Member of the Board of Directors, all of the Export-Import Bank, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Octo- ber 31, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Leon A. Westmoreland, of Georgia, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Raymond Martinez, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, and Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, 10 a.m., SR–253. October 31, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine exploring Native American subsistence rights and inter-national treaties, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. November 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of James Bridenstine, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, and Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, both to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: October 31, to hold hearings to examine new efficiency opportunities provided by advanced building management and control systems, 10 a.m., SD–366. November 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the potential for oil and gas exploration and devel-opment in the non-wilderness portion of the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge, known as the ‘‘1002 Area’’ or Coastal Plain, to raise sufficient revenue pursuant to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30OC7.REC D30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1142 October 30, 2017 Senate reconciliation instructions included in H. Con. Res. 71, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: November 1, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Am-bassador to the Kingdom of Lesotho, Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Na-mibia, James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambas-sador to Luxembourg, and Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambas-sador during his tenure of service, all of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. November 1, Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Pol-icy, to hold hearings to examine energy and international development, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Oc- tober 31, to hold hearings to examine implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act, focusing on achieving the promise of health information technology, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: October 31, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the 2017 hurricane season, focusing on the Federal response, 10 a.m., SD–342. October 31, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the 2020 Census, focusing on cost overruns, infor-mation security, and accuracy, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: November 1, to hold an oversight hearing to examine building tribal economies, focusing on modernizing tax policies that work for Indian country, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Judiciary: October 31, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine ex-tremist content and Russian disinformation online, focus-ing on working with tech to find solutions, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. November 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Ne-braska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Terry Fitz-gerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, and Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. November 2, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 807, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers, and the nominations of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, and Matthew G. T. Martin, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of North Caro-lina, and Christina E. Nolan, to be United States Attor-ney for the District of Vermont, both of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: October 31, to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Depart-ment of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. October 31, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. November 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine social media influence in the 2016 United States elections, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. November 2, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, November 1, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, oversight hearing entitled ‘‘Accountable Soft Power in the National Interest’’, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, November 1, Sub-committee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protec-tion, hearing entitled ‘‘Securing Consumers’ Credit Data in the Age of Digital Commerce’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. November 1, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of FirstNet: State Perspectives’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. November 2, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The 2017 Hurricane Season: A Review of Emer-gency Response and Energy Infrastructure Recovery Ef-forts’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. November 2, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Concerns Over Federal Select Agent Program Oversight of Dangerous Pathogens’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, November 1, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Community Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery Program’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. November 1, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Data Security: Vulnerabilities and Opportunities for Improvement’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. November 2, Subcommittee on Housing and Insur-ance, hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: Pri-vate Sector Perspectives on Housing Finance Reform, Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. November 3, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Secu-rities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Pro-posals to Improve Small Businesses’ and Communities’ Access to Capital’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, November 1, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Insider’s Look at the North Korean Regime’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, November 1, Com-mittee on Homeland Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing FEMA’s Preparedness and Response Capabilities’’, 9:30 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, November 1, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30OC7.REC D30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1143 October 30, 2017 hearing entitled ‘‘Net Neutrality and the Role of Anti-trust’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. November 1, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing on H.R. 490, the ‘‘Heartbeat Pro-tection Act of 2017’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. November 1, Subcommittee on Immigration and Bor-der Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Executive Office for Immigration Review’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, November 2, Sub-committee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 221, the ‘‘Hydrographic Services Improvement Amend-ments Act’’; H.R. 1176, the ‘‘Keep America’s Water-fronts Working Act’’; and S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform November 1, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of 16 Years of Involvement in Afghanistan’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. November 2, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act of 2017; legislation on the Ensuring a Qualified Civil Service Act of 2017; H.R. 1132, the ‘‘Political Appointee Burrowing Prevention Act’’; H.R. 3076, the ‘‘Creating Advanced Streamlined Electronic Services for Constituents Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4043, the ‘‘Whistleblower Protection Extension Act of 2017’’; legislation to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs, and for other pur-poses; legislation on the Settlement Agreement Informa-tion Database Act; H.R. 3121, the ‘‘All-American Flag Act’’; legislation on the Preparedness and Risk Manage-ment for Extreme Weather Patterns Assuring Resilience and Effectiveness Act of 2017; H.R. 1850, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 907 Fourth Avenue in Lake Odessa, Michigan, as the ‘‘Donna Sauers Besko Post Office’’; H.R. 2672, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’; H.R. 2673, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’; H.R. 3821, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office’’; and H.R. 3893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins Post Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. November 2, Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Regu-lation of Shark Finning in the United States’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, November 1, Full Committee, hear-ing on H.R. 849, the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3922, the ‘‘Community Health And Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, November 1, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Low Dose Radiation Research’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. November 2, Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, hearing entitled ‘‘Putting Food on the Table—A Review of the Importance of Agriculture Research’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, November 2, Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘Operating or Rulemaking? A Review of SBA’s Opaque Standard Operating Procedures Process’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, November 2, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Emergency Re-sponse and Recovery: Central Takeaways from the Un-precedented 2017 Hurricane Season’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, November 2, Full Com-mittee, markup on pending legislation, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, November 1, Russia Investigative Task Force, hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of Russian Advertisements on Social Media’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. November 2, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ap-pearance of Carter W. Page’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This is an open hearing in a closed space. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30OC7.REC D30OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1144 October 30, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 31 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indi-ana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, October 31 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Oct 31, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30OC7.REC D30OCPT1