Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6491 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 2017 No. 168 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, October 19, 2017, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , OCTOBER 18, 2017 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the State of Ken-tucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, today we praise You with our whole heart. You continue to exceed our expectations with Your bountiful blessings and tender mercies. Inspire our lawmakers to remember Your generosity to them and this land we love. In these days of stress and strain, continue to be the shepherd who will guide them to Your desired des-tination. Lord, thank You for forgiving our sins, healing our sickness, filling our lives with good things, and surrounding us with Your love. Continue to be a ce-lestial parent to our Nation and world, sustaining us all with Your tender compassion and mighty power. God of mercy and grace, transform our dark yesterdays into bright tomorrows. We pray in Your marvelous Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, October 18, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
THE BUDGET AND TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it goes without saying that the Obama years were not easy for America’s mid-dle class. Many of the men and women we represent felt forgotten over the last decade. They found themselves stuck in a stumbling economy without the opportunity to get ahead, looking on as paychecks stagnated, jobs moved overseas, and government spent far be-yond its means while middle-class belts tightened. In my State and in so many more around the country, these are the prob-lems that faced many families and communities over the last 10 years, and they are the concerns at the heart of the comprehensive budget that the Senate just voted to proceed to yester-day. This budget is a serious plan to put our country on a more responsible fiscal path and also to set us on a course for a more fulsome economy that lifts up the middle class. On the fiscal side, it provides a path to balance with serious reductions to the growth of Federal spending, com-plying fully with previous spending caps while also providing a way to in-crease defense resources in the event that a bipartisan agreement on those caps can be reached. On the economic side, it clears the way for committees to continue their critical work to spur steady economic growth while providing legislative tools to advance tax reform—the single most important action we can take today to help our economy reach its full potential. As we all know, our archaic Tax Code is a significant roadblock standing in the way of America’s economic future. It holds back families and small busi-nesses. It makes it harder for those who are not well-connected elites to succeed. It even incentivizes companies to send jobs and investments overseas. That is really, clearly wrong. In today’s increasingly competitive global economy, we cannot afford a tax code that forces American workers to compete against foreign competitors with one hand tied behind their backs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.000 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6492 October 18, 2017 
as our current code does. We need to act. Under Chairman H
ATCH ’s leadership, the Finance Committee has made progress developing commonsense tax reform goals. With further instructions from this budget, the committee will be able to complete its work and report legislation that promotes economic growth, helps keep more money in the pockets of hard-working men and women, and closes special interest loopholes while preserving core middle- class incentives. Our tax reform goals center on a few things: bringing more jobs and invest-ments to our country and then keeping them here, making the Tax Code fairer so it doesn’t benefit just wealthy elites, and lowering rates so hard- working families are able to keep more of their paychecks. The main goal is this: We want to take more money out of Washington’s pockets and put more money in the pockets of hard-working men and women throughout our country. These are goals shared by the President, by his team, and by Senate colleagues. They are certainly shared by our Re-publican colleagues. I would think they would be shared by all of us, on both sides of the aisle, and our Democratic friends did share them until just re-cently. I hope they will continue to support these commonsense goals rath-er than just blindly oppose this effort to fight corporate offshoring and to eliminate loopholes for the wealthy, simply because they don’t like the cur-rent occupant of the White House. There is no need for our Democratic friends to continue inventing reasons to oppose tax reform or to make more claims designed to distort reality. I hope they will decide to change course and work together in a serious way to accomplish what should be bipartisan goals—goals they once vocally sup-ported, seemingly until President Trump came along. Let’s deliver relief to American workers and families with an economy that reaches for its true potential once more, and the next step to get there is to pass the comprehensive budget be-fore us with its tools to move our coun-try forward. I wish, once again, to thank Chair-man E
NZIand the members of the Sen-ate Budget Committee for their fine work on this budget. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2018 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H. Con. Res. 71, which the clerk will re-port. The legislative clerk read as follows: A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. 
Pending: 
Enzi amendment No. 1116, in the nature of a substitute. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 3 p.m. will be equally di-vided between the managers or their designees. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this week the Senate is debating a fiscal year 2018 budget resolution focused on growing America’s economy through tax poli-cies that put more money in the hands of hard-working Americans. Tax re-form is long overdue and is needed to jump start our Nation’s economic growth. It is crucial that Congress ap-prove this fiscal framework in order to eliminate the dated and stifling tax policies that are holding back not only investment and productivity but Amer-ican families. It is time for more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks. The tax reform framework recently announced by the President and con-gressional leaders represents the begin-ning of a process aimed at boosting America’s economic growth and put-ting more money in the pockets of ev-eryday Americans. That tax framework has to be defined by the Finance Com-mittee. This sets up a process so that can be done as easily as possible. It is crucial that we allow U.S. com-panies—large and small, especially small—to better compete both at home and overseas, which will make the United States more attractive for in-vestment and to do business. This will improve our competitiveness, it will help keep good paying jobs here at home, and it will bring back jobs that have been lost. Lowering taxes on small businesses will also help unleash the ingenuity of America’s job creators. We are the most ingenious and most inventive in the world. Unfortunately, as many hard-work-ing families personally understand, our economy has experienced 8 years of stagnant growth. This economic down-turn and slow growth has resulted in a lost decade that has cost the Nation millions of jobs. Family income is not rising as fast as it should, which has real consequences for our future. When family incomes fail to grow, it becomes difficult for parents to pay for their children’s edu-cation and for their own needs. Slug-gish family income growth also means less money for retirement or healthcare and makes it harder to save for a downpayment on a house. It is no surprise that incomes are stuck, given America’s overall eco-nomic stagnation over the past decade. Without wage growth, American fami-lies find it difficult to improve their standard of living. We must do better for these hard-working American fami-lies, and this budget resolution will help put our Nation on a better fiscal track with a combination of restrained spending, reduced tax burdens, and a growing economy. The budget puts in motion a process to cut taxes for American families and job creators by $1.5 trillion over 10 years. In addition to keeping more money in the pockets of hard-working families, tax reform done right will spur investment and reinvigorate pro-ductivity here at home. America’s tax system is incredibly complicated. This budget will provide Congress with the opportunity to make more Tax Code simplifications and make it fairer for all Americans. We especially want to make sure families, small businesses, and workers are not penalized for their success. Simplifying the Tax Code is an im-portant part of tax reform efforts. America’s current code is made up of more than 4 million words. That is seven times the length of Leo Tolstoy’s ‘‘War and Peace,’’ and it is more than two times the combined length of the complete works of William Shake-speare and the King James Bible. The National Taxpayers Union re-cently released some figures that cal-culate the burden of tax compliance for families and small businesses. The Na-tional Taxpayers Union learned that the total annual time burden of tax compliance is more than 6 billion hours. Let me repeat that. The total time burden for tax compliance is more than 6 billion hours. That is a lot of family time. That costs families and small businesses nearly $34 billion a year on tax software and other out-of- pocket expenses, as well as—this is the important part—$229 billion in time and labor to comply with the Tax Code. The Tax Code’s combined burden of $263 billion is more than the gross do-mestic product of 154 nations. To understand just how complex and outdated the U.S. Tax Code has be-come, it is important to put it in the historical context of how it has grown over the years. In 1913, the 1040 Income Tax Form consisted of three pages, with one page of instructions. More than 100 years later, that same form now consists of 2 pages, with 106 pages of basic instructions and, depending on taxpayer circumstances, 13 separate schedules, each with numerous pages of instructions. In fact, there are more than 70,000 pages of instructions in total. This is why, every tax season, Americans are forced to wade through an ever-changing labyrinth of forms and regulations when they file their re-turns. Each year, hard-working families navigate a minefield of tax definitions and tax tests in order to fully reap the benefits of tax credits. Is it any wonder that many who are eligible may not even claim these credits because of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.001 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6493 October 18, 2017 
complex web of tax forms? For exam-ple, there are many definitions of ‘‘child’’ in the Tax Code, meaning a family with children may qualify for some child benefits but not others and may fail to receive the full benefits they deserve. To promote fair treatment, our budg-et is focused on providing the tools needed to simplify the Tax Code. Let me repeat that. These are the tools that are needed to simplify the Tax Code. The Finance Committee still has to plug in details and eliminations and a final version, and that would allow Americans to keep more of what they earn. That is another part of the proc-ess, but this part of the process is nec-essary in order to make sure we get to that part of the process. Hard-working families deserve an economy that pro-vides higher wages and more and better jobs. Pro-growth tax reform can boost small businesses, and it can free Amer-icans to make their own decisions about how to spend their hard-earned money. I want to repeat some of those num-bers. I am an accountant. Usually, numbers put people to sleep, but I think these are ones people will under-stand. The National Taxpayers Union did some figuring on the burden of tax compliance by families and small busi-nesses. This National Taxpayers Union learned that the total annual time bur-den of tax compliance is more than 6 billion hours, which costs families and small businesses nearly $34 billion a year on tax software and other out-of- pocket expenses as well as—and this is the important part—$229 billion in time and labor to comply with the Tax Code. The Tax Code’s combined burden of $263 billion is more than the gross domestic product of 154 countries. We need to take action. We need to pass this budget so the process can be simplified and expedited, and we can get to that yet this year so people, when they are filing their taxes next year, can take advantage of what is being done here. I think we will have bipartisan support in making these im-portant changes. The process is set up so there can be that bipartisan support since it goes through the Finance Com-mittee, and we have been promised there will be a markup, which will allow everybody to make amendments to the Tax Code and the tax bill. Then it will come to the floor, where every-body will have a chance to make amendments to the bill. This sets the budget and sets up the opportunity to have some tax reform this year so people can take advantage of it next year. I ask my colleagues to support this budget and work with us on getting tax reform that will make a difference for all hard-working Ameri-cans. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want to explain why I took us out of the quorum call. If I leave us in a quorum call, all time will be charged to my side. If I take us out of a quorum call, even though no one is here to speak, it will get divided equally. That is fair, and that is what we are trying to do. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. If no one yields time, the time will be divided equally. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday the chairman and the ranking member of the HELP Committee came to a bipartisan agreement on a package to stabilize our healthcare law and to lower premiums. It was the product of months of difficult negotiations. Like all good negotiations, both sides gave some and both sides got some. The product is something that neither side is completely happy with but that both sides can move forward with. That is what a good, fair compromise looks like. It took work, and, at a time when bipartisanship is desperately sought after, this was not even just a flicker but a nice flame of bipartisanship burn-ing brightly. Then, a few minutes ago, President Trump tweeted: I am supportive of L
AMAR as a person, and also of the process, but I can never support bailing out insurance companies who have made a fortune with ObamaCare. There are many reasons to be vehe-mently strongly upset about this tweet and how wrong it is. First, frankly, the President doesn’t know what he is talking about in the compromise. It doesn’t bail out insurance compa-nies. It helps people who are sick and who need healthcare. It keeps their premiums low. It allows them to go to a doctor or get a medicine that they need. Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY  made sure that, in the provisions they were writing, the money would not go to the insurance companies but rather would go to millions of Americans who need help because they couldn’t afford healthcare on their own. The President ought to know what he is talking about when he tweets about bills because on this one, he had no un-derstanding of what it is about. This helps millions of people. This keeps premiums down. This allows Ameri-cans—working class, middle class, many of whom are in rural areas in red States—it allows them to go to the doctor, go to the hospital, get medi-cine. Nothing bothers Americans more than when they can’t get healthcare they desperately need for themselves or a loved one. So, first, the President ought to know what the bill is about before he tweets. Clearly from this tweet, he doesn’t. Second, this President keeps zigging and zagging, so it is impossible to gov-ern. Two Thursdays ago, the President called me in the gym and said: Let’s work on a bipartisan solution on healthcare. It was his initiation. He first talked about, let’s repeal and re-place; I told him that is off the table. But I then said that Senator ALEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY are work-ing on a compromise—and I outlined the basic compromise they were com-ing up with, that each side got some-thing—and the President suggested that he call Senator A
LEXANDER and I call Senator M
URRAY and encourage them. I called Senator M
URRAY ; he called Senator A
LEXANDER . And he called Senator A
LEXANDER , from what Senator A
LEXANDER told me, several times to encourage him. Yesterday, he called the Murray- Alexander deal a ‘‘very good solution.’’ Now, this morning, he says he can’t support it. He can’t support bailing out insurance companies that have made a fortune with ObamaCare. He is wrong on the facts, as I mentioned, doesn’t know what the bill is. We should have a President who actually knows the facts of bills he talks about. Second, he is totally inconsistent. He is for it one day, against it the next day. Mr. President, you cannot govern a country, you cannot keep America great if you don’t know what is in the bills and don’t have a consistent policy about them. But he keeps zigging and zagging. Our only hope is that maybe tomorrow he will be for this again. Finally, a word in general: We all know there are extremes in America. The hard right has a lot of power here. If every time the hard right says ‘‘jump,’’ the President says ‘‘how high,’’ his Presidency will be a failure. Yet that is what has happened repeat-edly. The hard right doesn’t represent America on healthcare. Eighty percent of the people did not like the TrumpCare bill that the hard right supported—80 percent. The majority of Americans, by a substantial margin, want to see ObamaCare strengthened, not repealed. The hard right doesn’t; they want to get rid of it. If the President simply is responding to them, it is not leadership. He did the same thing on DACA. Leader P
ELOSI  and I met with him. It was clear what we sought—approval of the Dream Act. He agreed, provided there was border security, explicitly no wall. The next day, the rightwing attacked him. Laura Ingraham or one of those radio commentators said he should be im-peached. I think Breitbart News called him Amnesty Trump. And he totally reversed himself. That is not leadership, Mr. President. That is blatant fear. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.002 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6494 October 18, 2017 
We all understand political forces. They push us all around. When you are President, you have an obligation to lead. And this Presidency has been so unsuccessful in accomplishing things— he can blame M
ITCH MCCONNELL , which the President has done, or the Repub-licans in the Senate. He can blame the Democrats. But really the reason that we are not getting anything done and his Presidency has been so bare of ac-complishment is that this President is embracing a hard-right, extreme posi-tion that is very far away from what Americans want. His Presidency will continue to fail, continue to be a fail-ure, if he continues to do that. So I would say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, going back to the agreement, the agreement is fair, and it is down the middle. As I said, each side gave. Let’s move forward. Let’s get a large percentage, a large number of Democrats and Republicans to sponsor this legislation. Let Leader M
CCONNELL have the good sense and the courage to put it on the floor. I would bet my bottom dollar it will pass. Let Speaker R
YAN do the same, and we will have shown that we can get something done in a bipartisan way. L
AMAR ALEXANDER is not obstruct-ing. P
ATTY MURRAY is not obstructing. The President is obstructing at the mo-ment. We should overcome that ob-struction and work together. That is what the American people want. I hope the President rethinks his po-sition. He has rethought it several times already. I hope he actually reads and learns what is in the bill. And I hope we can get this done—not for any party’s sake or any individual’s sake but for the American people’s sake, the millions and millions of Americans who can’t afford high premiums, who desperately need healthcare and medi-cine, and who are praying for us to do something to help them. Mr. President, on the budget, yester-day the Republican majority voted to start debate on a budget resolution that would increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion—so much for the deficit hawks. It would slash Medicare and Medicaid by $1.5 trillion—so much for the many people who don’t want to cut it, who promised not to cut it, including the President. It blows a huge hole in the deficit—as I said, deficit hawks. Fi-nally, it favors the very wealthy. My friend here was once head of the Club for Growth. I salute him. He states his position. He believes tax cuts on the very wealthy and on big cor-porations will create jobs. We can have that debate. It is called trickle-down economics. But he is honest about it. Some of the others—our Secretary of the Treasury, our advisers to the Presi-dent, many in this Chamber—are say-ing this is a middle-class tax cut. When 80 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent, when we remove the estate tax, which doesn’t apply to anyone whose estate is less than close to $11 million, it is a tax cut for the wealthy. Some people believe that is a good way to exercise policy. The American peo-ple don’t. But let’s debate it that way. Our Republican colleagues, just like on healthcare, are ashamed of this bill. They can’t debate it on what they real-ly believe, and so they put up these chimeras. They sort of make it up: Oh, no, we won’t have a deficit; there will be huge growth. I think the Secretary of the Treasury said that it will de-crease the deficit by a trillion dollars. That was laughable. Oh, it will go to the middle class, not the wealthy. When they lower the top rate, raise the bottom rate, get rid of the estate tax, and allow passthroughs which will mainly go to very wealthy individuals to reduce their tax rate to 15 percent— that is in the outline. So today we begin the process of shining light on this awful proposal, of telling the truth. That is what the amendment process will be today. Today we are going to vote on a Democratic amendment to strike the trillion dollars of cuts in Medicaid. If our colleagues don’t want to cut Med-icaid, they should vote for this. If our colleagues are OK with a trillion dol-lars of cuts in Medicaid, let them vote against the amendment, but believe me, the American people will know ex-actly how each Member of this Cham-ber feels when it comes to dramatically cutting Medicaid. We will also propose an amendment to strike the cuts to Medicare. Now, in the healthcare bill, in one of the reiter-ations, we debated cutting Medicaid. We haven’t debated cutting Medicare, but now we will. Some $473 billion of cuts are in the exact budget our Repub-lican colleagues wish us to vote for. And it will shine a light on what really is in this bill, not what is said. How many of you on the Republican side have mentioned that this bill cuts Medicare and Medicaid, this budget proposal? Are you going to start men-tioning it today, or are you going to try to hide it? Because it does. By the way, the idea that this doesn’t count because it is just in a budget that we can ignore is belied by the fact that there is statutory pay-go—statutory, not rules—and it says that Medicare is cut 4 percent if there is a deficit in terms of tax cuts. OK? Are you going to cut Medicare 4 percent? We don’t want to do that. We hope you don’t. But this budget would require that under the pay-go rules, and that is law. So we are going to have amendments. Do you want to cut Medicaid or not? Yes or no. Do you want to cut Medicare or not? Yes or no. Do you want to vote for a $1.5 trillion deficit or not? Yes or no. And do you want 80 percent of the tax cuts to go to the top 1 percent, to the very wealthy, while middle-class taxes are raised for many people? Yes or no. Today begins the process of truth. Today begins the process that shines light on all of the misrepresentations by Secretary Mnuchin and Gary Cohn and by the President himself, who says he is just going to cut taxes on the middle class, not on the wealthy. This process will be going on for a while. There is going to be a very bright light shining on our Republican colleagues in the House and Senate. It is going to take them a while to come up with a bill. It is not easy writing a massive tax bill. And all the while, while they are writing it—and cer-tainly once it comes out—that bright line of truth will produce, in my judg-ment, the same result we had on healthcare. The more the American people see, the less they will like it. A CBS poll on Sunday said that 58 percent of the American people believe that the Trump bill is tax cuts for the wealthy; only 19 percent believe it is for the middle class. That number is going to get worse, my colleagues, just as the healthcare thing got worse. The American people turned against you as we Democrats shined a bright light on what it really did. You cannot govern from the hard right. As wealthy as they are, as much as they threaten you with primaries, it is not going to work. We still have a foundation of democracy. There is still a foundation of honor and truth. And when honor and truth and sunlight hit this bill, it will crumble. Now, I say to some of my colleagues that we want to work with you on a good tax reform bill, one that is rev-enue neutral, one that doesn’t favor the wealthy. We believe small busi-nesses should get tax breaks. We be-lieve money from overseas should come back and be used to create jobs. There are lots of things we can do on common ground without blowing a hole in the deficit, without cutting Medicare and Medicaid, without favoring the rich. Defeat this bill, we will work with you, just as we have on healthcare. We said: If you defeat that bill, we will try to come up with a bipartisan compromise, and we have—one that the President is flip-flopping on, zigzagging on, saying yes one day and no the next. But we have come up with a compromise, and the same thing can happen on taxes. Today is a beginning turning point in the tax debate, the day that what is really in this Republican bill will come to light, and the American people, as they learn about it, will not like it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. I want to say some words about our Budget resolution, which I hope we will be passing this week, and how impor-tant it is that we do, in fact, pass this. I want to clarify a few issues because the tax reform legislation continues to be a work in progress, and many ele-ments have been mischaracterized, while others have been made up out of the clear blue sky. Let me start with the budget resolu-tion and start by thanking Chairman E
NZIfor the very hard work he has done and the very great work he has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.005 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6495 October 18, 2017 
done in bringing together the Repub-lican conference around a budget reso-lution that I think is very likely to pass. Let’s be candid about what this is about. The budget resolution is about giving us the tools to pass tax reform later this year. That is what this budg-et resolution is about. It is a mis-nomer, really, when you think about it. The most important substantive item in the budget resolution, by far, is the procedural tools it will give us to pass tax reform with a simple majority vote in the Senate, so that a minority of the body is not able to block tax re-form by filibuster. That is what this is about. That is what we are endeavoring to accomplish here. Why is it important? The main rea-son it is so important is because for so long we—our entire country—have been laboring with such feeble eco-nomic growth. For the last 60 years, prior to the Obama administration, an-nual economic growth in America was 3.4 percent. During the entire 8-year administration of President Obama, we never once had a single year where we reached even 3 percent. The Congres-sional Budget Office believes that we are now locked into the indefinite fu-ture of sub-2 percent economic growth, and that is what we just have to ac-cept. We have to settle for the fact that we are no longer a booming economy. We are not capable of being a booming economy. There are a lot of problems with this. I think it is completely unacceptable to believe that, somehow, because a calendar year turned on a page or be-cause Obama was elected President some years ago, it is not possible for America to have the robust economic growth that used to be ordinary. It is not true that we are somehow con-signed to feeble growth, and it matters if our economy is growing at 2 percent. It takes 36 years to double the standard of living for the average family. If we just managed to get the growth to 3 percent, and that is less than the his-torical average, then we can double our standard of living in just over 20 years. It is a big difference in the standard of living of the people who I represent. That is what this is about. If we get this budget resolution passed this week, the tax reform that many of us are working very hard on has two big goals, certainly for me. I have had many discussions with my colleagues on the Finance Committee and outside the Finance Committee, and I think these goals are widely shared. The first is that it absolutely has to provide tax relief for hard-working Americans—middle income, lower in-come, people of modest means, many of whom live paycheck to paycheck. There has to be a direct tax benefit for those Pennsylvanians, those Arkan-sans, and those people all across Amer-ica. How are we going to do that? It is very clear. There is no question. There will be a reduction in the tax rates that are applied to income for hard- working Americans. There is going to be an increase in the standard deduc-tion that they can take, which means a bigger chunk of their income that doesn’t get taxed at all. That is abso-lutely going to be a feature of this tax reform. We are going to increase the child tax credit, so that people who have the cost of raising a family with kids are going to get a credit toward that cost. The combined effect of these things are absolutely going to lower the tax rates for hard-working Americans, for lower income and middle-income fami-lies. If it didn’t accomplish that, it wouldn’t even get out of the Finance Committee, much less pass a vote on this floor. That is No. 1. There are still dials to be turned and rates to be set— exactly where the various brackets begin and end. These details are still a work in progress, but that goal is going to be achieved. That is item No. 1. But the other item is really impor-tant too, and that is the process by which all of these very same families get an indirect pay raise. They get a pay raise. It will happen over time, and it will happen in different ways. That happens by creating incentives to maximize economic growth and to get away from this sub-2 percent, barely growing economy we have been toler-ating and to get back to something closer to what is normal for America— an economy that is growing at least 3 percent. What happens if we have stronger economic growth? I mentioned before that we increase the standard of living much more quickly. People get to see their kids have a better life and a bet-ter standard of living than they had. They can see that trend is going to continue. It happens because new busi-nesses start to get launched again. It happens because existing businesses ex-pand. Both new businesses and expand-ing businesses hire more workers. When you hire more workers, espe-cially at a time when most economists think we are at something close to what they consider full employment, it puts direct, immediate, and upward pressure on wages, which is what we have been waiting for. So not only will a working family discover they owe less money to Uncle Sam, but they are very likely to quick-ly be in a position where they are get-ting a pay raise because their employer has to pay them more to keep them be-cause we are going to create more de-mand for workers. How do we do that? One of the ways we are going to do that, I hope—and this is, again, a work in progress; it is underway—is that we ought to make our business tax regime, our big business Tax Code competitive. Anyone who looks at this honestly knows that our Tax Code is not com-petitive today. American workers and businesses lose out to competition from overseas because other countries have much more competitive tax codes. It is entirely possible, and I think you could make the case, that the Amer-ican Tax Code is the worst in the world. It is that bad, and when it is that bad, that means our workers and our businesses are much less able to compete. So we are going to try to fix that. That means lowering the rate on income tax for our businesses to some-thing that is comparable to what the rest of the world pays, rather than the extremely high outlier rate that we have today. It also means that we ought to allow our businesses to expense capital when they put it to work. What does that mean? That means that when a com-pany says we are going to buy a new piece of equipment, a new piece of ma-chinery, a new vehicle, or a new back-hoe—whatever it might be—you allow the company to recognize that expense when the expense occurs for tax pur-poses. That might just seems like com-mon sense. Why wouldn’t you do that? We don’t do that today. For a large category of new equipment that busi-nesses go out and purchase, even though they have to buy it in the year in which they put it into service and they have to come up with the cash, they don’t get to reduce their income accordingly, except over many years. What that means is that it makes it ef-fectively more expensive to buy that equipment. They have to pay tax on money they don’t have. That means they buy less equipment. What difference does this make? It makes a lot of difference. Again, there is a direct effect and an indirect effect. A direct effect is that by allowing busi-nesses to fully expense the capital they put to work, we are going to encourage them to buy more items. That means more work, more production for the kind of machinery and equipment that these businesses are likely to buy. But it gets better than that because when businesses deploy that capital—when they buy a new piece of equipment, a new piece of machinery, when they up-grade their software, or whatever they are doing with this capital expendi-ture—they are making their workforce more productive. They are making their employees able to produce more in a given hour in a given day, and when workers are more productive, that is when a business can afford to pay them more, and in fact, has to pay them more. That is where pay raises come from. They come from produc-tivity growth. Productivity growth comes when capital gets put to work. We are going to encourage more of that, and that is going to result in higher wages and higher income for the people we all represent. The third point I want to make about this tax reform is that it is very impor-tant that we fix a broken part of our code that deals with overseas subsidi-aries of American firms and foreign firms that operate in the United States. That part of our Tax Code is a disaster. We have all read about the corporate inversions, for instance, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.007 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6496 October 18, 2017 
where an American-based company seeks to be acquired by a foreign com-pany for the sole purpose of lowering its tax burden. That happens. It hap-pens because our Tax Code drives it. We have all heard about the $2 to $3 trillion of profits that American com-panies have earned in overseas subsidi-aries. They will not bring the money home because if they were to do so, they would have to pay another huge tax on top of what they already paid in the jurisdiction of whatever country their subsidiary operates in. Why would we tolerate a system like that? We have an opportunity to fix that. If we fix that, then huge sums of money will come flooding back into the United States. That is going to get in-vested here. That is going to mean more businesses, new expansion, and more hiring. That is going to be tre-mendously constructive for our econ-omy, and, going forward, we will elimi-nate this perverse incentive to have multinational companies headquar-tered anywhere but in the United States, which is the case today. In short, this is our opportunity to begin to achieve the growth we have been waiting for. Ever since the great recession, we have not had the kind of economic growth that used to be nor-mal for America. A completely archaic, terribly unfair, ridiculously com-plicated Tax Code is part of the reason why. You might ask: How did we used to have such strong growth with this Tax Code? The fact is that most of the rest of the world has been about the busi-ness of improving their tax code while we have not. This is our moment and our opportunity to begin to catch up. We can do it in a big way, as long as we pass this budget and give ourselves the tools to do so. This budget resolution creates the opportunity to do tax reform. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have criticized the fact that we are setting up a process and using the budget resolution so that the subse-quent tax reform can be passed with a simple majority vote in the Senate. They have criticized that. They sug-gested, in varying degrees, that some-how that leaves them out of the proc-ess. Let me be very clear. That is cat-egorically untrue. As to the tax reform bill, we are working on the ideas for this now, and when we actually get to drafting the specifics, it is going to happen in the Finance Committee in the Senate. It is going to happen in the Ways and Means Committee in the House. It is going to be public. The doc-uments are going to be disclosed before the markups begin, and it is going to be open to amendments. My Democratic colleagues on the Fi-nance Committee are going to be able to offer whatever amendments they like. They can work with us on shaping this, and I hope they will join us in voting for it. It is much better if we could end up passing this with a big bi-partisan vote. A tax bill that abso-lutely does lower the direct tax burden on lower income and middle-income families and encourages more eco-nomic growth ought to be something that could be broadly supported. They will have every opportunity to weigh in. They will have every opportunity to amend it. There is nothing about this procedure that in any way excludes Democratic participation. What it does do, though, is that it says that we will not be held hostage by a minority that wishes to thwart this. If we can persuade at least 50 Sen-ators and a Vice President who is so in-clined in the Chair, we will have the ability to pass tax reform. I think it would be malpractice for us not to cre-ate the opportunity to do tax reform with a simple majority since we have that vehicle available to us. I believe we are going to pass it today. Another point I would like to address is the discussion that somehow we are going to blow a hole in the deficit with this. It couldn’t be further from the truth, in my view. The budget resolu-tion allows the Finance Committee to report back a tax reform package that will, by a very particular and very pre-cisely defined process, be deemed to forego $1.5 trillion in Federal revenue over the next 10 years. But when you start to unpack that, you realize that, in all likelihood, if we do this tax re-form right, we are going to reduce the size of the deficit over this 10-year pe-riod. We are not going to increase it. Why do I say that? First of all, the $1.5 trillion in foregone revenue con-templated by the budget resolution is very misleading because it pretends that the current policy we have of a number of temporary tax relief meas-ures is going to go away. It pretends we are not going to continue those or ex-tend them. In all likelihood, Congress routinely extends them. They will probably be extended. That is worth about $500 billion of that $1.5 trillion. What we are really talking about is $1 trillion of less revenue over the next 10 years. You have to keep in mind, that is on a base of about $43 trillion. It is something on the order of recalling 2.5 percent of projected Federal revenue. I think the question to ask is, How much extra economic growth will it take to fully offset $1 trillion worth of forgone revenue? Well, that math is pretty easy because the joint tax plan and the Congressional Budget Office have quantified this many times. The answer is something like approxi-mately four-tenths of 1 percent. Four- tenths of 1 percent of extra economic growth, in response to the tremen-dously pro-growth incentives that we want to put into this Tax Code, will fully offset that. The Congressional Budget Office is projecting, on average, for the next 10 years, our economy is going to con-tinue at this feeble 1.9 percent—1.9 per-cent is their number. If getting these reforms right, if lowering the tax bur-den on working families, if allowing business to expand, making our inter-national and business Tax Codes com-petitive, if we do that right, I have ab-solutely no doubt we can generate much more than an additional four- tenths of 1 percent of growth. When we get the specifics, we will have an opportunity and we will have many analyses that we will be able to look at to address this question of just how much economic growth we will have. In my view, it is extremely likely that we will significantly surpass this very modest hurdle of four-tenths of 1 percent of growth. Finally, the minority leader made reference to this being a big tax cut for the wealthy. I will remind my col-leagues, we can have differences of opinions. We can have a debate here, and we will, but let’s remember, this tax reform bill is not written yet. The two big goals I mentioned I think are universally shared on our side of the aisle, tax relief for middle- income working families and pro- growth policies. We haven’t written the details yet. We haven’t established ex-actly what the brackets will be, ex-actly what the rates will be, where they will kick in, how the passthrough rates apply. There are a lot of impor-tant details that are going to be worked out in committee, which is ex-actly what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle insisted we should be doing, and that is what we should be doing. It also means, since that prod-uct is not yet finished, it is not pos-sible for anyone to pull out a number and say X percent of this bill is going to go to this category of people. That is not knowable because the bill is not finished yet. I am thrilled about this opportunity that we are going to create this week to pass the tax reform later this year that will allow us to achieve the growth we have been waiting for, and that means allowing my constituents, Pennsylvanians, and people all across America to achieve the standard of liv-ing they deserve, that they are work-ing hard to achieve, and that they will be able to enjoy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I listened with interest to the comments of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and as al-ways he was articulate and thoughtful and made a strong case. I would like to speak to the issue we are going to be addressing over the next few days, the next few weeks, and probably the next few months, not nec-essarily to be unalterably opposed but to talk about how we can get where we all want to be, which is lower taxes, higher growth, and a stronger U.S. economy. I think it is important to emphasize at the beginning, just so we all know, what we are talking about the next couple days isn’t the budget. As the Senator from Pennsylvania noted, it is really a vehicle for a massive tax cut. My problem with the tax cut is not necessarily that we are going to have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.008 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6497 October 18, 2017 
one, but the question is, How is it structured? Who gets the benefits? How to pay for it? As the Senator pointed out, we still don’t know what the plan is. We have an outline; we have principles; we have bullet points; we have lists, but we don’t have a plan. Therefore, it is dif-ficult to analyze. We do have some particulars that have been released. You don’t need to be an economist to understand that if the rate for the lowest taxpayers is being increased and the rate for the highest taxpayers is being decreased, that the overall effect will be loaded toward those at the upper income level. The only analysis we have from the tax policy foundation, an outside non-partisan group, is that under the plan, as it has been described by the White House and by Members of Congress, about 80 percent of the benefits of this proposal go to the top 1 percent of wage earners in this country. Eighty percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent. It may be that as the details of the plan are more well known and more thoroughly described, we will find it is slightly different than that. One of the things that really bothers me about this budget resolution we are going to be voting on is, it explicitly waives a longtime budget rule that before you can vote on issues such as this, there must be a Congressional Budget Office score 28 hours prior to the vote. It waives that provision. That is not a good sign. That doesn’t reassure me that we are going to have a clear idea of what we are voting on. When you combine the cuts proposed to Medicare and Medicaid, which go into paying for these massive tax cuts, it looks to me like the biggest losers in this whole process will be seniors. When you look at what we know about the structure of the tax cuts and the fact that there is a one-half tril-lion-dollar cut in Medicare projected over 10 years and a $1.5 trillion cut in Medicaid, seniors are going to take the most serious hit. Why do I say that? Well, we all know Medicare specifically applies to seniors, so that is pretty easy. If you are cutting Medicare, you are hitting seniors. Secondly, though, what a lot of peo-ple don’t realize about Medicaid is that 70 percent of the nursing home beds in America are paid for by Medicaid. By definition, who is in those beds? Sen-iors. When you cut Medicare and Med-icaid, you are going to be impacting seniors. The provisions of the tax plan, as we know it—and I keep emphasizing ‘‘as we know it’’ because we are voting on something today to clear the path for a major tax cut, and we don’t know what it is, but it appears it will impact sen-iors disproportionately. I want to touch on a couple of other points. One is the argument that the cuts to Medicaid and Medicare aren’t really cuts; they are just reductions in growth. Well, that argument applies if you are talking about the NASA budg-et, for example. If the NASA budget is projected to grow 5 percent a year, and we cut it to 4 percent a year, that is a reduction in growth; that we are going to do one less trip into space or what-ever the policy outcome of that cut is. Medicare and Medicaid are different, however. They have to pay costs in the real world as they come up when nec-essary. The increased growth that is projected in those two programs is based upon two unalterable facts. One is demographics. We are getting older, and that means more work, more demands on the med-ical system. It also is based on medical inflation, which everyone knows in re-cent years has proven to be higher than the ordinary rate of inflation. This is the best projection we have, but if you project that the current level of med-ical costs today, 8 years from now or 10 years from now are going to cost what they cost today, plus medical inflation, plus the impact of demographics, peo-ple getting older, that is a real cost. If you cut that, fewer people are going to get services. Rural hospitals will close. There will be undeniable impacts on both the economy of our rural regions of the country and real people. This argument that cuts to Medicare and Medicaid are just a cut in growth— it is not really a cut—is just not true. That may be true in some areas, but it is not true here because these are real costs that are going to be incurred. If the costs go up and fewer dollars are there to meet them, somebody is going to get hurt. These are real cuts to real people. The other thing I want to touch on is the deficit and debt. I have to say, I am sort of puzzled by this whole process because as I have been here over the past 5 years and as I have lived my life over the past 25 years, the majority party in the Senate has been focused on the debt and on the deficit and the dangers of the debt to our country, to our economy, and how bad it was that we were mortgaging our children’s fu-ture, and all of a sudden it is no big deal. All of a sudden it is OK to know-ingly, consciously, deliberately talk about a $1.5 trillion increase in the debt over the next 10 years. That as-sumes, by the way, that the cuts to Medicare and Medicaid take place and that other cuts that are in the budget, exemptions and deductions, take place. It could be that the effect on the debt and the deficit will be much greater. I remember 2 or 3 years ago, when we were in a recession and people were trying to get jobs and we had millions of people unemployed, there was a mo-tion to extend unemployment benefits for 6 months. I can’t remember the cost. I think it was $5 or $6 billion. Oh, no, point of order. We can’t do that. It will increase the deficit. We are talk-ing about $1.5 trillion that we know of, but that is OK. That is OK. I think we need to understand this. What this really is, if we pass unfunded tax cuts, they aren’t really tax cuts. They are simply a deferral of the tax from us to our kids. We don’t have to pay the tax, but the money to be spent is still going to be spent, so the hole gets deeper. We borrow that money, and our kids and our grandchildren are going to have to pay it back with inter-est. That is called shift and shaft. That is not a tax cut. We are just shifting the tax and shafting our kids. It is as if on your deathbed you call your chil-dren over and say: I have some final words for you. The kid leans over, and you say: Here is my credit card bill. I had a wonderful trip to Acapulco. I hope you don’t mind paying for it. That is what we are doing. We are in-dulging ourselves and stealing from the next generation because we are not willing to pay the costs of the pro-grams we all support and think are im-portant. I think there is another fact that needs to be realized. As we build up this deficit and debt, eventually the bill is going to come due, and because we have used up all of our resources, the only place to go to cut them is going to be Social Security and Medi-care because the discretionary budget is essentially going to be all gone. It is really simple to make the inter-est rate calculation. We now owe $20 trillion. Seventy-seven percent of our annual GDP we owe. The interest rate calculation is simple: 1 percent, $200 billion a year. I think it is more a question of when than if. When interest rates return to a more normal level of 5 percent, that is $1 trillion a year in interest, just inter-est. That happens to be very close to the entire discretionary budget of the U.S. Government—$1.1 trillion—this year, defense and nondefense. We will be paying almost as much in interest as the entire discretionary budget. How are we going to manage that situation? The only way it can be managed is to start talking about Social Security and Medicare. So this is a long-distance, slow-mo-tion diminution of the value of those programs that are so important to so many Americans, particularly senior Americans. The final point I wish to touch on re-lates to the Senator from Pennsylvania basically predicting: Don’t worry, these tax cuts will pay for themselves. I have been hearing that all my adult life; I have never seen it work. It didn’t work in the middle of the last decade during the Bush tax cuts. All those tax cuts were going to pay for themselves: Don’t worry, the stimulus of economic growth will be such that there will be more income, more revenues, and we will, in fact, as the Senator said, re-duce the deficit. The problem is there is no evidence that it has ever worked in the history of mankind. The best economic re-search I have seen says that maybe the economic growth will offset about 20 percent of the cost of the tax cuts, but 80 percent is going to go straight to the debt. So to make the assumption that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.009 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6498 October 18, 2017 
somehow this is all going to pay for itself, I believe, is irresponsible. I have a modest suggestion for those who are making that argument. Will my colleagues accept a friendly amend-ment which says that if the growth does not occur, then the taxes—or cer-tain taxes—are automatically retrig-gered in order to fill the gap? If my col-leagues are right, that will never need to happen, but if you are not right, that will protect our kids. I think that is a reasonable solution. I don’t think it is going to happen. Why? Because it hasn’t happened. It hasn’t happened in Kansas. It hasn’t happened here. I have never seen it happen. I have looked at the economic re-search and, as near as I can tell, there is no data that indicates an automatic correlation between tax cuts and eco-nomic growth. I suspect there are tax cuts that can stimulate economic growth; it depends on where they are and what they are. But there is no evi-dence that is the case regarding tax cuts in general. So those of our membership who be-lieve this rosy scenario—the temptress, rosy scenario—is going to occur, fine. But if it doesn’t, let’s put language in the whole tax program which says that insofar as the growth does not occur as projected, the deficit will be main-tained at no worse than current levels by automatically triggering tax in-creases to fill the gap. Then we are being honest. Then we are being honest to the next generation. I believe there are important areas where tax cuts are necessary in order to make us more competitive, in order to help to grow our economy. However, I don’t think what I have heard so far is the answer, and there are many problems with what has been described. I am willing to hold my fire and see what the Finance Committee comes up with and see whether, as the Senator from Pennsylvania said, it will be an open and bipartisan process, with amendments. If that is the case, we, I think, could come up with, on a bipar-tisan basis, a reasonable tax change— tax cuts, tax reform—that will strengthen our economy without add-ing to the deficit and without requiring massive cuts to programs such as Med-icaid and Medicare that are so impor-tant to millions of Americans. It can be done right. In 1986, it was done right. That was true tax reform. That was the last time we did tax reform. And I think it is very interesting that over the last sev-eral months, the language that de-scribes what we are about to do has mi-grated from ‘‘tax reform’’ to ‘‘tax cuts.’’ Tax reform means you change the Tax Code, get rid of the inefficien-cies, simplify it, take away some ex-emptions and deductions, lower rates, but we end up revenue neutral and we have a stronger economic base from which to proceed. Tax cuts simply add to the deficit or are based upon unreal-istic and, indeed, cruel cuts to people in the future. I think we have an opportunity to do this right. I think there is more con-sensus here than perhaps people realize on the question of doing tax reform in a way that will benefit the entire coun-try. I don’t think the Members on this side of the aisle are categorically op-posed to tax cuts under any cir-cumstances. When I was the Governor of Maine, we cut taxes—I can’t remember, 10 or 15 times—overall by about 15 percent. We cut the income tax. We cut the sales tax. We cut the property tax. So it can be done. That was done on a bi-partisan basis with a legislature that went back and forth between Repub-lican and Democratic control. They had this sort of strange Independent Governor, but we made it work. It can be done, and it can be done on a bipar-tisan basis. It certainly looks as though this is about to be railroaded. It is about to be shoved down our throats without ade-quate analysis and without fully under-standing it. I deeply hope that is not the case. I hope we learned something from healthcare, that we can do good things when we work together. When we don’t, it rarely ends well. So I understand that the votes are probably there to pass this budget, but the real question will come: What hap-pens next? What does the plan look like? How responsible is it? What kind of assumptions is it based on? What kind of analysis do the Joint Taxation Committee and the Congressional Budget Office provide us on a non-partisan basis as to what it will really do? Then we can have a real debate. Then we can talk about what is best for America. I think, between the group of us who work here and down the hall, we can find a good solution. But if the solution is thrust upon us, if it is ill-conceived, if it is skewed to-ward the wealthy, if it balances the budget on the backs of seniors, on Medicare, and Medicaid recipients, if it is based upon unrealistic assumptions about growth, then we are going to harm our country, not help it. Eventually, if we keep going down the road we are traveling in terms of the national debt, the piper will have to be paid. It may not have to be paid by our generation, but it is going to have to be paid by these young people and by their peers all across America. I don’t think that is right. That is not the legacy I came here to leave to my children and grandchildren. Thank you, Mr. President. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to find a path forward that is responsible and responsive to the needs of the American people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Mississippi. 
NOMINATIONS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I will be brief, but I want to point out a matter of real concern, and it should be a mat-ter of concern to all Americans. When new Presidents are elected, they have always been given the oppor-tunity to put their team in place in short order. Regrettably, this has not been allowed to happen for this new President in this Congress. Here are the facts. Now 9 months in office, President Trump has had only 182 of his nominees confirmed. That is an unacceptable, unprecedented 39 percent. It is a gross-ly low statistic by historical standards. At this point in President Obama’s administration, 65 percent of his nomi-nees had been confirmed. At this point in George W. Bush’s administration, 53 percent had been confirmed. Under Bill Clinton, 76 percent had been confirmed. And under President George H.W. Bush, 70 percent had been confirmed. Yet, because of delaying tactics by our colleagues across the aisle, this Presi-dent, who needs a team in place, as does every President, has only 39 per-cent of his nominees in office. This has been done through an abuse of the process by our friends across the aisle—a distortion of the rules requir-ing cloture on noncontroversial nomi-nees, requiring well-qualified nominees to be subjected to a 30-hour debating period for a motion to proceed and an-other 30-hour debating period, typi-cally where there is only silence on the floor of the Senate, for the actual con-firmation. This is inconvenient to the adminis-tration, but it is injurious to the Amer-ican people. With more than 1,000 exec-utive positions needing confirmation, we need these people in place. The American people need these people in place. These vacancies need to be filled to work for the American people, to provide hurricane relief, for instance. There are people who would have been part of the administration working on that, had we not had these delaying tactics. People in critical national se-curity positions, people who are fight-ing against ISIS, are waiting for con-firmation, and people who would be a key part of the counterterrorism ef-forts have been waiting for months to get to work. We had a spate of this in July, and I was one of several Senators who called on the leadership to just keep us in ses-sion in August to take care of some of these nominations. We demonstrated, by the action of the majority leader, that by canceling part of the August break, we could break logjams. As of the end of July, we had confirmed only 56 Trump nominees. By keeping us in session for one extra week and short-ening our work period back home, we confirmed 76 nominees in one week, as opposed to 56 the previous 6 months of this year. We can do that again. I would simply say to the Presiding Officer and to my colleagues on this side of the aisle and on the other side of the aisle: I am among those calling on the majority leader to once again adopt an aggressive schedule that in-cludes working all night, that includes working weekends, that includes can-celing some breaks. We need, once again, to break this logjam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.011 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6499 October 18, 2017 
The American people spoke in No-vember and, through our democratic process, they elected Donald Trump as President of the United States. He de-serves the same consideration from mi-nority Members of the current Senate that previous Presidents, Democrat and Republican, got from minority Members of the Senate. Let’s free the process up. Let’s elimi-nate the distortion of the rules. Let’s have a more aggressive schedule, and let’s once again break this logjam. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, our Nation was founded on a principle en-capsulated in the first three and most important words of our Constitution: ‘‘We the People.’’ Our Founders wanted to have a nation that didn’t work for the benefit of the powerful and the privileged, but for decisions of the peo-ple, by the people, and for the people, as President Lincoln so eloquently de-scribed our Nation. He did not describe a nation by and for the powerful, not a nation by and for the privileged, but by and for the people. Tomorrow, a bill is coming to the floor that couldn’t be more of a ‘‘by and for the powerful’’ bill than we have seen on the floor of the Senate before. It is a bill completely contrary to the fundamental values embedded in our Constitution. This bill is a budget bill, and at its heart, it says: We are going to do $5 trillion of tax cuts almost completely for the richest Americans, and we are going to do so by gutting programs that make America work for working Americans. The President said: When it comes to tax reform, I want to help the middle class; I am not going to do anything for the rich and powerful. Then why, I ask you, is this bill com-ing to the floor of the Senate com-pletely for the rich and powerful? President Trump, come before the American people and explain how you can make a promise that you are going to do tax reform for the middle class and then put a bill on the floor of the Senate that is all about benefits—raid-ing the National Treasury—for the rich and powerful. How do you explain this complete opposite? What a complete pretense we have, to say this bill is about helping American workers when it is all about the rich and powerful. The Republican budget plan not only has $5-plus trillion, virtually all in tax giveaways, a raid on the National Treasury for the rich and powerful, but it proceeds to cut healthcare for older Americans, a cut of $1 trillion in Med-icaid for working Americans. There will be a lot of damage done to ordi-nary Americans who just want peace of mind that when their loved one gets sick, when their loved one gets injured, they will get the care they need. Is peace of mind too much to ask of our national healthcare system? Are my colleagues so callous, so out of touch, so cruel that they want to fund tax cuts for the richest Americans by de-stroying healthcare and diminishing healthcare for our seniors? It is not just our seniors, it is our citizens on Medicaid. In Oregon, it is the Oregon Health Plan. It serves the poorest among us, many of them work-ing part-time jobs that have no healthcare plan, many of them working shifts that are determined at the last second. Some of the most stressful jobs in America are at the very bottom, some of the most stressful work sched-ules are at the very bottom, and we are going to cut not just $1 trillion from Medicaid but half a trillion from Medi-care. Wow. Let’s look at the other programs that would be devastated by this Republican budget in order to fund that $5 trillion in tax cuts, almost all for the wealthi-est Americans. The Senate Budget Committee Democratic staff said that if those cuts in the Republican budget are extended evenly, distributed reductions, it would have the following impact: It would eliminate housing assistance for more than 1 million families. It would elimi-nate heating assistance for nearly 700,000 seniors on fixed incomes. It would eliminate nutrition assistance by more than $100 billion—a 33-percent cut. In other words, to translate that, there would be a lot more hunger in an already hungry America. It would slash Pell grant funding by more than $100 million, eliminate Head Start services for 25,000 children in an average year, cut mandatory transportation funding by $200 billion, cut funding for the Na-tional Institutes of Health by $37 bil-lion—all to give a massive tax give-away to the richest Americans. If the President is proceeding to say that this is a plan for the middle class, then we would expect virtually all the benefit to go to the middle class, but what do we actually have? Four out of five dollars of benefits go to the top 1 percent, and 40 percent of that goes to the top one-tenth of 1 percent. Why should there be one single penny going to the very richest Americans in a na-tion in which we should be striving for a foundation for every family to thrive? We know that to thrive, our children have to have food to eat, we need to have healthcare programs that create peace of mind, and we need to make sure our seniors have a strong founda-tion in their retirement, but instead we see all those programs—including the opportunity for college and Pell grants—being raided for this massive giveaway to the top 1 percent. President Trump, come before the American people and explain how it is possible that you can claim you are doing a plan for middle-class America, and you are sending virtually the en-tire benefit to the top 1 percent of Americans. This budget resolution’s associated tax plan is one of the most egregious examples of rigging the system of America for the powerful and privi-leged rather than a government of, by, and for the people. I am here today to stand up and say: Not one penny to the top 1 percent. If you want a fair plan for America, it would be not one penny to the top 1 percent. If you want a plan that strengthens the middle class, there would be not one penny to the top 1 percent. Not one penny for billionaires while we gut Medicare and Medicaid. Not one penny for billionaires when middle-class families’ taxes will go up under this plan. Not one penny for our billionaires while we destroy programs, safety nets, and opportunities for edu-cation, from Head Start to Pell grants to attend college. We could do a great deal of good to invest in America. We could invest in transportation. We have an incredible number of bridges and roads that need repairs. We can put an incredible num-ber of people to work building middle- class jobs and middle-class incomes through building infrastructure instead of a giveaway of the National Treasury to the top 1 percent. By investing more than $1 trillion, we can create millions of good-paying American jobs. There are more than 56,000 bridges in America. One out of eleven is struc-turally deficient. Engineers estimate that we could easily spend $123 billion on repairing bridges and $420 billion modernizing highways and that we would get a return back to our econ-omy, with lower vehicle maintenance, decreased delays, lower fuel consump-tion, improved safety, lower long-term maintenance costs, lower emissions— all benefits of investing in transpor-tation, in addition to the fact that it will strengthen our economy. We can think about the investment we need to make in our water infra-structure, the water supply systems and certainly wastewater treatment—a problem in virtually every town across America. What about all those lead pipes that need to be replaced? Two thousand years ago, the Romans were poisoned by their own water because they lined their aqueducts with lead, and here we are, 20 centuries later, poi-soning our citizens with lead pipes. Why aren’t we spending money to take care of that problem? It is not just a problem in Flint; it is a problem in hundreds of cities across this country. If we want America to thrive, why not invest in rural broadband? Why not create high-speed broadband in every rural town and village across this Na-tion, which would strengthen that economy, which would give people the ability to build their businesses in smalltown, rural America, instead of spending trillions of dollars in tax giveaways to the very richest Ameri-cans? How about an investment in our stu-dents—not decreasing Pell grants but strengthening Pell grants to make it possible for more people to attend col-lege without ending up with a debt the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.012 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6500 October 18, 2017 
size of a home mortgage? It is a real possibility to create debt-free college in our public universities. Why don’t we do that? That will strengthen the foundation for every family to thrive. Good jobs, good education, good in-frastructure, not a theft from the American Treasury of $4 trillion to $5 trillion for the very richest Ameri-cans—that is what is being proposed here. Has there ever been a train rob-bery as audacious as this theft of the National Treasury for the richest Americans? Has there ever been a bank robbery as audacious and outrageous as this theft of the American Treasury for the richest 1 percent of Americans? Here on the floor, we should be wres-tling with how to create a foundation for every family in America to thrive, not considering a bill that wipes out healthcare, wipes out Pell grants, does damage to every conceivable thing that would make this Nation stronger in order to give the billionaires more ze-roes in their bank accounts. This bill is destructive, it is shame-ful, and it is contrary to the very prin-ciple of our Constitution of govern-ment of, by, and for the people. This bill is government of, by, and for the 1 percent. It must not stand. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I am very happy the Senate is engaged in this de-bate on tax policy. It actually is long overdue. It has been some 30-odd years since this country has undertaken a massive reform of our Tax Code. It is interesting. If we go back and think what life was like back in 1986, it was just a different planet, a different world, different economics. So, at a minimum, our code needs to be mod-ernized. Everybody who has run for of-fice—certainly every candidate for President from both parties for over two decades now—has run on the prom-ise of tax reform and the need for it. So this is a very important debate. What we are debating now on the budget, so people who are watching at home understand—you and I at home think of a family budget as a plan on what you are going to spend money on, and that is what the Federal budget is. It is kind of an outline, a framework of how and the parameters under which the government would spend its money. Then you have to actually go out and spend it through a separate process called appropriations. So this budget creates a framework for how we are going to spend money in the year to come, and then it is going to be used as a vehicle to pass tax reform, which is obviously the way and the system under which we generate revenue for the government to pay for the things we need to pay for. That is the first de-bate. But obviously the debate on the budget has led us to this debate on tax reform, because that is the primary purpose this year it is being used as a vehicle for. Why does that matter? There are a lot of speeches going on already about tax reform and how bad the bill is and how this is a giveaway for this group of people or that group of people. That is hard to do since there is still not a bill, and the reason there is not a bill is that it is going to be worked through the normal process of the Senate. That was the criticism, for example, from my friends on the other side and many outside of this building in the press. The criticism was, you put to-gether a healthcare plan, and you didn’t even go through committee, no one had any input, and there were no public hearings. That is what they are going to do with tax reform, and that is what is going to produce a bill. The only thing that has been put out is called a framework, and the frame-work basically says: These are some of the ideas we have. This is our starting point that we want to operate from. But we are going to go through the committee process, there are going to be votes, there is going to be an oppor-tunity to weigh in and make dif-ferences, and from that, we intend to produce a tax bill. So they can criticize the framework, I suppose, but to basically go out and start trying to convince people that there is a tax bill that will do this versus that when it is just not true and when you have a seat here in the Sen-ate and potentially on the committee where you can actually weigh in about the specifics of what is going to be in the bill and what is not, I think it is unfair and disingenuous. In any event, that is kind of the way things go now-adays. So I look forward to that de-bate. The second thing that has been an in-teresting development is hearing peo-ple talk about how horrible this is going to be, that this is going to add to the debt, and then all of a sudden a bunch of people who have never had any problem spending as much money as they possibly could out of the Fed-eral Treasury are suddenly becoming deficit hawks. Here is what is so interesting. If we were to turn around and say: Forget about tax reform. We are going to take $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years and we are going to use it for debt spend-ing. We are going to borrow $1.5 trillion and use it to fund all these things the government is going to do—for exam-ple, one of our colleagues here has of-fered a plan to provide healthcare for everyone in America, paid for by the Federal Government. That would cost tens of trillions of dollars. Over a dozen Members of the Senate have signed on to it as a plan. There is no plan to pay for it. It is not $1.5 trillion over 10 years; it is like tens of trillions of dol-lars over the next number of years. So there is a lot of concern there. It kind of boils down to we are prepared to bor-row money and spend it so long as the government gets to spend it, but if this is money we are going take and give to you to spend, then that is a real prob-lem, and that is irresponsible. That is the framework. The second point I would make on the debt is, I believe the debt is a sig-nificant threat to the future of the United States. The problem is, we can’t tax our way out of it, and we can’t sim-ply grow our way out of it. We have to do a combination of things. The first is, we have to grow our economy. The second thing we have to do is bring some constraint to future spending— not slash Medicare, not get rid of So-cial Security. My mother is on Social Security and Medicare. This may surprise many peo-ple watching, but there are a signifi-cant number of people in my home State of Florida on Social Security and on Medicare. As I said, my mother is one of them. I am an enormous sup-porter of these programs. I also look at those programs and I look at the num-ber of people going into them and how long they are going to live, and the math tells you these programs are going to have some big problems in the years to come, which threatens not just to take them down but threatens to trigger a debt crisis in America. We have to deal with the spending side and create a more disciplined way of spending in the future years to bring some certainty, but we also have to grow the economy. In essence, if you take a stagnant economy, no cuts in the world are going to get you there. You can’t simply cut your way there, and you can’t simply tax your way there. The only solution to our debt problem—and it happens to be good for America all around—is the combina-tion of discipline in future spending combined with rapid, robust, and sus-tained economic growth. As much as anything else, this effort of tax reform is, among other things, an effort to generate sustained eco-nomic growth and to do so in a unique period in the history of the world. This is not 1986. Our economy is not the only show in town anymore. There are now dozens of developed economies around the world that are following our example from the eighties—reduce taxes, reduce regulations, and, frankly, make investments in infrastructure and the like—and today they are no longer recipients of our aid. They are no longer nations looking to work with the United States to get a little bit closer to the way we are. They are full- blown competitors in the global econ-omy. Every 4 years—every 2 years, actu-ally, once in the winter and the next 2 years in the summer, we send our best athletes in different events to the Olympics to compete. In our economy, it is the Olympics every single day. What makes it even more complicated is, sometimes our team isn’t just made up of Americans. Our team is partnered with the Japanese team to create a company or the Mexican team to cre-ate a manufacturing chain. So that complicates it further. The fundamental thing to understand is, America today is in a competition— by the way, a competition that doesn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.013 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6501 October 18, 2017 
have to be one where they lose and we win or we lose and they win but a com-petition nonetheless. Every day, busi-nesses, investors, people with ideas are making a decision: Where do I want to do this activity? Where do I want to create this new job? Where do I want to create this new company? Where do I want to innovate this new idea? Where do I want to hire people to do all of this? Do I want to do it in America or do I want to do it somewhere else? We are not performing well in that competition. It is not just because of taxes. We have infrastructure problems that we have to confront. We have a higher education system that is not built for the 21st century. We are not teaching people, in sufficient numbers, the skills they need for some of the best jobs in the world. I have no prob-lem with a 4-year degree from a liberal arts college. That should always be an option on the menu. We need a lot of plumbers, pipefitters, electricians, and welders. These are important jobs as well. In fact, oftentimes, they pay a lot more than a 4-year degree in political science will ever pay you. We need to do a better job of training those people in those fields as well. We need to have an immigration sys-tem that is pro-American but a pro- American economy that allows us to compete for the best talent in the world. If you think about it, I don’t see anybody complaining that their team just signed a guy who can throw 98- mile-an-hour fastballs, but he is from the Dominican Republic. If in sports we go out and find the best people, we should be able to do that in our econ-omy as well. You can do that without hurting the American worker. We also have to have a tax code that is competitive. It cannot be substan-tially more complicated and expensive to start a business or operate one in America than it is somewhere else be-cause if we do that, we will lose. That, as much as anything else in this global economy, is hurting the American peo-ple. You talk about putting America first. I think it is about allowing Amer-ica to compete. I am not asking for an unfair advantage over other countries. We are just asking for a fair chance to compete because I believe the Amer-ican people who have been given the chance to compete can outthink, outinnovate, and outwork anybody in the world, and our Tax Code is a key part of it. The goal here is, when you hear a lot of this talk about businesses getting this or that deduction, we want to make America an attractive place to invest. We don’t want people taking that money and investing all of it in another country. We want them to in-vest it here, invest it here to allow a company to grow and hire more people. We want companies to decide that this is the place where we want to hire. This is the place where we want to in-novate. We have to have a tax code that reflects that. We have to understand that the vast majority of American businesses don’t pay taxes the way the big companies do. They pay the small businesses through passthroughs. A lot of them— you know them because I know them— are not sophisticated operations. They are successful, but they don’t have an army of lawyers to deal with a com-plicated tax code and accountants who know every trick in the book. To them, the Tax Code hurts them, especially since they are paying on their personal rates. That is why the personal side is re-lated to the business side. These are things we need to deal with so we can be competitive, so we can have more taxpayers—not more taxes, more tax-payers. More people making more money not just improves their quality of life, it generates more revenue to pay for the bridges, the roads, and the national security of the United States of America. So tax reform, as much as anything else, is the growth side of this endeavor, and it is not the only thing we need to do, but it is an important thing we need to do if we are going to let America compete and win in the 21st century global economy. There is another dynamic of the 21st century that is different from 1986. From that, I rely heavily on my own personal experience, not just today but growing up. In 1986, I was in ninth grade. My mom worked at Kmart, and my father was a bartender in Miami. We owned a home. We didn’t have ev-erything we wanted, but we had every-thing we needed. They were able to sus-tain a family and allow us to go to school—public school—go on to college and do those sorts of things on the sal-ary of a bartender and a stock clerk at Kmart. I don’t need to tell anybody here that there isn’t a community in the country at this point, in the 21st century, where my parents could achieve the standard of living they had in 1986, for two rea-sons: everything costs more, and those jobs either don’t exist anymore or have not kept pace with the cost of living. Since the year 2000, up until today, my wife Jeanette and I have been rais-ing four children in the 21st century. I enter it by telling you that while we certainly have been blessed to have more resources available to us than the vast majority of people who will be im-pacted by what we are about to do here, we certainly have enough people in our lives and certainly have had pe-riods in our lives where we understand some of the challenges facing people today. Here is the bottom line. Raising children in the 21st century is more ex-pensive than raising children at any point in the history of this country. The reason is, there are more things to pay for. I know people may tell you that Wi-Fi and access to the internet is a luxury. I am sorry, you can’t do homework in the 21st century with your kids if you don’t have access to the internet, and that costs money. Not only do you have to have access to the internet, you have to have access to it on a mobile device. Those mobile devices cost money. Those data plans cost money. If you are paying for a data plan, you know how much they cost. It is not just about watching movies on Netflix or talking to your friends on Snapchat, you literally can-not do homework in many of the schools in the country in the 21st cen-tury unless you have access to it. That is why I personally have witnessed peo-ple at McDonald’s at 6:30 in the evening because they have free Wi-Fi, and the single mom or single dad is there help-ing their kids with homework. The cost of everything keeps going up, the cost of clothing, of food, of ev-erything. You look at our Tax Code, and it has not kept pace with it. Let me give you an example. Accounting for inflation, from 1960 to 2015, which is when the latest numbers were avail-able, the average cost per child of rais-ing that child, in a middle-income fam-ily, went up by over $11,000. It is over $11,000 more expensive, accounting for inflation. Here is a stunning figure. Again, this is different in different communities, but, by and large, for middle-income families—and by that we mean a fire-fighter and a teacher who are raising a child—they are going to spend approxi-mately $230,000 to raise that child in the 21st century from 0 to 18. By the way, my oldest is now 17
1⁄2. I have been told by plenty of my colleagues that it doesn’t end at 18. In many cases, it be-gins to accelerate in some form or fash-ion—but, nevertheless, $230,000. Let me tell you something else. That does not even include college. That doesn’t even include going to college, which is another thing we are going through right now, which, by the way, is completely and totally out of control in terms of what they are charging. It is more than that. There are people out there spending $10 or $15,000 on SAT prep courses. For the life of me, I don’t understand how these schools can ex-pect someone who comes from a single- parent home in a poor neighborhood to keep pace with people who are having these sorts of resources available to them, but that is another topic for an-other day. That is a cost that is in-volved in all of this. How about childcare? In 38 out of 50 States, childcare is more expensive than college. Think about it. Let’s say you take home $900 a week, and childcare is $250 or $350 a week. That is one-third of your paycheck just for childcare. These expenses are reducing the ability of families to afford to have children and to raise them. These costs keep going up. One of the things we have offered as a partial solution—it is not going to solve every problem—is to increase the child tax credit and to do so in a way that actually helps people. What it would do is it would reduce families’ tax bills on a per-child basis, increas-ing the flexibility that family has at a time, for example, when childcare costs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.015 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6502 October 18, 2017 
have risen more than ever before and are already higher than they have ever been. We have to understand, the fam-ily is the most important unit in all of society. It is the most important insti-tution in society. It is the first govern-ment. It is the first school. It is the core institution that underlies every-thing else we do as a nation. There is no more important job than any of us will ever do than the job of a parent. If you think about our Tax Code, it says: If you invest money in a piece of equipment or a business, the Tax Code will help you with that, but if you in-vest it in the future of an American taxpayer, if you invest it in someone whom we are going to need to build the sort of economy and future we want for our Nation, the Tax Code does not real-ly take it into account. That makes no sense to me. I have two charts to outline how im-portant this tax credit is to tax reform. Again, I am operating off the frame-work because there is no bill out yet, but based on the framework, the amount of tax relief a working- or mid-dle-class family will get almost en-tirely depends—almost entirely—on what we do with a child tax credit. Here is the first chart. This chart shows the average tax cut for Amer-ican families if the child tax credit is doubled from its current size—not just doubled, but we make it refundable against payroll tax liability, which is the tax every American pays. For So-cial Security and Medicare, it is the first chunk that comes off your pay-check. No matter how little you make, everyone pays it. If we make the child tax credit double, and we apply it to-ward your liability on payroll tax, this chart—which is what I propose, and it is what Senator L
EEand I have been working on, what Ivanka Trump has been advocating and we have been working with her office on—shows you what the impact of that would be. That is the blue line. You can see from the blue line that the chart begins with some cut, depending on how much money you make, and it begins to drop as the amount of—obviously, the more money you make, the larger the credit will be up to its limit because you can’t get a credit if you are not making any money at all, even if it applies to payroll tax. You start to see that it also grows with the number of children because it is per child. It doesn’t just phase off at two children. That is the blue chart. What is the red chart? The red chart is if we do nothing or basically just do a gimmicky thing about it. Then you start to see that without the child tax credit being made refundable and with-out the child tax credit applying to-ward the payroll refundable, and with-out the tax credit being per child and sufficiently increased, this framework would be a tax increase. People would actually pay more, and the more chil-dren you have, the bigger your tax in-crease will be. Suffice it to say, we have to do it. This red line cannot be what we wind up at. I don’t think that is the intent of the people who drew up the frame-work, but that is where we wind up if we don’t do it. I pulled that chart out to show you how important it is that we do it as part of this framework. It has to happen. It has to. It will not pass without it. It is the right thing to do. This is a pro-job, pro-family initia-tive. I actually think it is pro-growth. It is hard for economists to measure it that way, but it would be. There are a lot of people who can’t start a business because they can’t af-ford to leave the security of a certain type of employment. The tax credit frees that up for them to be able to do it. Let me get to the second chart. This shows you basically the same dynamic but now based on how much people are making, what kind of jobs they do. We arbitrarily picked out some of the jobs where many of us know people who are in these fields: a home health aide, a retail person working sales at Macy’s, an office clerk—we all see office clerks every day—a truckdriver, an individual with a vocation to be a nurse, fire-fighters. Obviously, I have three fire-fighters in my own family. Again, of the $1,500 child tax credit, only the first $1,000 was refundable, and you start to see that red line here and how pathetic it is for these folks in these professions. It does not really do much. Now look at the blue line. That is what we want to get to, which shows an at least $2,000 child tax credit being applied to their payroll taxes. Now you start to see the figures get better here. You start to see the home health aide getting about $1,000 in relief, the retail salesperson getting a little bit under $1,000, the truckdriver and the office clerk getting down to $1,400, the nurse getting down to about $1,200, the fire-fighter getting down to about $1,200. A lot of people will tell you that $1,200 or $1,400 is not going to change the world, but it will help. I didn’t say this was the solution to every problem. Another solution is to get these sala-ries up higher. That is the other part of it. Another solution is to get the cost of some of these things lower, like get a grip on the cost of obtaining college credits. Another solution is to provide more childcare options for people. Yet there is no way that this does not help. It helps. It helps the people whom we need to help, and it helps us get closer to the goal that we all have for this Nation, which is being a place of equal opportunity. We pride ourselves on equal opportunity, but I am telling you that we are lacking equal opportunity if, of two children who grow up in two different homes, one has access to qual-ity pre-K education, then to quality schooling, and then to the right sup-port for that schooling, and one does not. It starts by the time you are a jun-ior and senior. It hurts you. It abso-lutely hurts you in your way forward in life. This is not the solution to all of our problems—that would be misleading— but it is a big step in that direction. It would show in tax policy that we are supporting the most important institu-tion in society, which is the family, and the most important function that any of us will ever have, which is being a parent. We are investing in America’s future. The children being raised—the two, three, four children—do you know who those are? Those are the people who are going to fund Social Security and Medicare when I retire and when many of you retire. Those are the people who are going to be starting the businesses. Those are the people who are going to be the backbone of our economy not in 50 years but in the next 10, 15, 20 years. This is the future of America—literally and figuratively the future of our Na-tion—in which we would be investing. We would be allowing their parents to make that investment on their behalf, who are the right people to be making the investment. This has to be a part of whatever else happens. I think this has strong bipar-tisan support, and I know the White House supports it. I am optimistic that it will happen. The only thing that would keep it from happening is if tax reform itself goes down, but this has to happen. There is no choice but to do it. We have to, and it is the right thing to do. I am pleased that we have come this far on it, and I look forward to the work in getting it achieved, but it can-not just be a gimmick, it cannot just be that we increase the child tax credit by a little bit. If we do not do it right and sufficiently and structure it in an appropriate way, we will be raising taxes on working families. That cannot happen. I know no one here wants to see that happen. We will have a lot of debate about ev-erything else, but this is the one that I hope will have strong bipartisan sup-port as we move forward on tax reform, and I am excited to be able to work on it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to start by making it very clear that this is not the way our budget process should work. In fact, to even call this a budget process gives it more credit than it deserves. With Republicans in control of the White House and both Chambers of Congress, the budget proc-ess has now descended into chaos and dysfunction. I talked about this in the Budget Committee, but I am going to keep talking about it because it is im-portant. First of all, look at the date. We are debating a budget for fiscal year 2018 months too late and more than 2 weeks into the fiscal year for which we are supposed to be budgeting. Secondly and far more importantly, we are not really here to talk about a budget. We are not really here to have a debate about our values and our pri-orities or where we should be directing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6503 October 18, 2017 
our limited national resources. We are not here to talk about what or whom we should be investing in as a nation. We are certainly not really here to try to come together around a shared vi-sion for where our country can head next year or 5 years from now or even 10 years from now. Yet Democrats do want to have this conversation. We be-lieve this is a critical debate to have, and we would love to spend time on this floor debating a budget that opens up that conversation and puts us on a path toward working together to actu-ally get that done. We all know why we are really here. It is that Republican leaders want to start another fast-track, partisan proc-ess to jam legislation through Congress and do everything possible not to have to work with Democrats. For what? It is to give more tax breaks to the rich, to raise taxes on the middle class, to circumvent any debate about a major environmental decision that would be unwise and potentially catastrophic, and to blast a hole in our budget that will increase the deficit, blow up the debt, and put Social Security, Medi-care, Medicaid, education investments, healthcare, and so many more prior-ities at risk. All of this is not just shameful and wrong—it is not going to work. We all have seen what has happened in the last few months. The Republicans have spent months trying to jam TrumpCare through Congress, and they have re-fused to work with Democrats. So here we are now, months later, with Demo-crats and Republicans finally working together to improve healthcare after there being months of delay. I say this to my Republican col-leagues: Let’s skip this first part. Let’s skip this partisanship and dysfunction and acrimony and bitterness, and let’s move, right now, to the bipartisan work and negotiations that we all know our constituents actually want and expect. I know it will not be easy, but I am confident that we can get it done. All we are asking is that President Trump keep the promises he made on the campaign trail to put workers and the middle class first. It should not be that difficult, and the choice could not be clearer. Should we give President Trump and his Cabinet of millionaires and billionaires more tax breaks, or should we cut taxes for the mom or dad who is working two jobs or struggling to pay his mortgage or help his kid go to college? Should we preserve and pro-tect Medicare and Medicaid, or should we allow those critical programs to be cut to give tax breaks to the rich? That is really the crux of this debate. Democrats believe that workers and the middle class should get tax breaks, and from everything we are seeing about this Republican plan and every-thing we are seeing in this budget today, Republicans do not agree. I am hoping we can move away from this partisan process and really get to work for the people we represent, and I am hoping we can return to a budget proc-ess that will allow a true debate about our values and our priorities as a na-tion. We should be here talking about the path to another bipartisan budget deal that will restore the investments in do-mestic and defense priorities. We should be having conversations about ways to strengthen Medicare and Med-icaid, not to cut them. We should be talking a lot about how we tackle our deficit and debt challenges fairly and responsibly. On that point, I note that I find it es-pecially interesting that so many Re-publicans have spent years pretending to care about the deficit when it has come to making cuts to middle-class priorities, but the minute that it has come to handing tax breaks to the rich, all of that has gone out the window. One Republican even admitted to the New York Times that deficit concerns are nothing more than a ‘‘great talking point’’ when Democrats are in charge. With a budget that would add trillions of dollars to the debt—a budget that is on the floor today—we will see where people actually stand on that issue. Finally, we should be talking about ways to help our workers. We should be talking about ways to grow our econ-omy from the middle out, like making sure we have access to high-quality childcare and pre-K for every working family, making college more afford-able, and investing in retirement secu-rity for our workers and our families. We should be talking about how we are going to support our veterans, protect women’s health and rights, and make healthcare more affordable and acces-sible. There is a lot we should be talk-ing about in this budget. Those are the conversations we should be having. Those are the people in whom we should be investing. I am going to be doing everything I can in this so-called budget debate to keep the focus on the people for whom I came here to fight. I am going to stand with Democrats and families across the country to fight back against Republican attempts to jam a massive, partisan tax break for the rich through Congress and force work-ing families and the middle class to pay the price. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to the budget resolu-tion for fiscal year 2018. Let me say that consideration of this budget resolution seems surreal, not only because of the timing—coming, as it does, 3 weeks into the fiscal year— but also because of the real challenges the United States faces today. We have important work to do. At this moment, three States and two U.S. territories are struggling to re-cover after experiencing significant natural disasters. The resources we are providing are simply not sufficient. In addition, sadly and tragically, Las Vegas just experienced the worst mass shooting in American history, breaking the record that was set only last year in the tragic mass shooting in Orlando, but there is no serious bipartisan and comprehensive effort to address gun vi-olence. After President Trump’s reckless ef-forts to sabotage the Affordable Care Act, Congress needs to act to stabilize private insurance exchanges. I think that we were all pleased, as I was, to see Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M
URRAY take strong steps to do that over the last few days. It appears, how-ever, that they are once again being undermined by the President. Next week, the President is officially going to declare the opioid crisis as a national emergency, which is what we all have recognized over several years, but declarations mean nothing without there being the resources to help. This is an emergency, and we need to pro-vide those resources now, but given this budget resolution before us, those resources will not be available. States are already taking steps to re-duce healthcare coverage for kids under the Children’s Health Insurance Program and services through commu-nity health centers because we have not been able to act in time to reau-thorize these critical initiatives. We face international crises in Iran, Iraq, and North Korea, which are in-flamed, unfortunately, every time the President tweets or comments about these issues. Before December 8, the President and Congress need to come to an agreement to provide relief from sequester fund-ing caps for defense and non-defense priorities. The President and Congress need to act immediately to undo the crisis that has been created by the President’s Ex-ecutive order on DACA, which will put thousands of Dreamers at risk of depor-tation and have an adverse impact on our economy. This budget addresses none of these challenges. In fact, it so weights tax cuts to the rich and deficits that we will not have the resources with which to deal with any one of these issues. In-stead, a week after the President took steps that will cause millions to lose their private health insurance, this budget will pave the way for trillions of dollars in cuts to healthcare offered under Medicare and Medicaid. Last week, the President basically tried to strangle the Affordable Care Act. Now the goal is to undo Medicare and Medicaid, and that is astounding. The real goal behind that is not just to undo these critical programs for every American; the real goal is to provide trillions more in tax cuts that will overwhelmingly benefit the wealthiest. The majority will say that the budg-et only lays out a broad fiscal plan and that none of the details have been set, but we have seen this play before. It starts with tax cuts for all, but it will end with nothing short of a historic transfer of wealth from low- and mid-dle-income Americans to those who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.019 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6504 October 18, 2017 
prospering the most in this country. It starts with the promise of a balanced budget, but it will end with greater deficits. It will start this time when, after a long and difficult recovery from the economic crash of the Bush admin-istration, the economy is finally mov-ing forward with stock market highs, low employment, and low interest rates. Nothing about our current economic situation demands massive, deficit- busting tax cuts, particularly to the wealthiest Americans. Indeed, it is in-structive to look back to the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts. These tax plans were also paid for with trillions of dol-lars of debt because the Nation was newly at war. These plans also over-whelmingly favored the top 1 percent of Americans. We were told then that the tax benefits would trickle down to the working class and pay for them-selves. I opposed these tax plans be-cause I didn’t believe that would occur, and, in fact, it didn’t occur. Despite the substantial benefits for those at the top, overall economic growth from 2001 to 2007 was weaker than average. Me-dian household income fell 2.7 percent while prices and poverty continued to rise. With weak regulation and over-sight, this fiscal policy ushered us into the great recession. Now the GOP is poised to do the same thing yet again. Just for contrast, in the early 1990s, under President Clinton, Democrats took tough votes to raise revenue and rein in spending. Despite predictions to the contrary, the economy took off in one of the biggest economic booms in history, and at the same time we turned budget deficits into the first surplus in a generation. There are lessons in that experience. There are no shortcuts to restoring fis-cal order. Tax cuts do not pay for themselves, and you can’t balance the budget while cutting revenue. So how does the majority promise to turn straw into gold this time? By pairing $5.8 trillion in cuts from basic services, including Medicare and Medicaid, with massive deficits and rosy revenue as-sumptions. With these in place, the GOP says that it can balance the budg-et and cut taxes by $1.5 trillion. Never mind the fact that the Republican tax cuts to the wealthy will likely cost more than $1.5 trillion, and never mind that this budget assumes absurd cuts to nondefense programs and leaves spending for defense at sequester lev-els, which we all recognize are inad-equate. But even if the numbers are phony and built on loose, unrealistic assumptions, won’t most Americans be getting a substantial tax windfall under this plan? Sadly, no. According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center’s analysis of the avail-able information on the GOP tax plan, about 80 percent of the tax cuts will go to the top 1 percent, increasing their after-tax income by about 9 percent. Nearly half of that money will go to the top one-tenth of 1 percent. Mean-while, the bottom 80 percent of Amer-ican wage earners will get only 13 per-cent of the tax cuts, and many hard- working families with children could actually see their taxes go up. Based on the Tax Policy Center’s analysis, most Rhode Islanders who get a tax cut will receive only $190 or less out of this deal. That is less than the cost of a week’s worth of groceries for a family of four. Yet most Rhode Is-landers and most Americans stand to lose much, much more due to the inevi-table cuts in investments like Med-icaid, Pell grants, Title I, health re-search, and public infrastructure. Most middle-class families in my State de-pend on programs like these. To send their children to school, they need Pell grants; to make sure that their elderly mother or father is well cared for, they need the assistance of Medicaid for nursing homes. So that $190 tax cut will be nothing compared to the losses they will incur in the cost of college for their children, the cost of healthcare for their parents who are just struggling to get by. On the other hand, people on the top end of the bracket will get a tax cut large enough to buy a new Mercedes. If the recent past is any indication, they will pocket that money, invest it, or send it overseas. That money doesn’t trickle down, and working Americans at the losing end of the tax bill will not see it in their paychecks. The American people deserve a better deal than this budget resolution offers. I know President Trump and the lead-ership on the other side of the aisle are desperate for a legislative win. They have spent an entire year trying to ram through the partisan TrumpCare healthcare bill that would upend our entire healthcare system, kick over 30 million Americans off of their insur-ance, and make massive cuts to Med-icaid, harming our most vulnerable citizens, including seniors, children, and people with disabilities. The proc-ess, the tactics, and the product alien-ated even Members of their own party and Americans across the political spectrum. After having failed with TrumpCare and with all of the other challenges we face, the majority leadership has set in this budget blueprint a deadline of No-vember 13 for committees to produce tax cut legislation. All the other busi-ness we need to do must wait until we cut taxes for the wealthy. I know there is room for compromise and that there are Members of good will on both sides who are actively working to address many of the real challenges I mentioned earlier, but tax cuts for the rich shouldn’t be on our to- do list, let alone at the top of the list, as it is today. One of the things we should be stand-ing up for is our men and women in uniform by providing the revenue we need to support them. But when it comes to providing that revenue, this resolution takes a knee and gives rev-enue away to millionaires and billion-aires. This is a truly rigged process. Its only purpose is to fast-track tax cuts for the rich and cut funding to healthcare and other key initiatives that most Americans count on. For that reason, I will oppose this budget resolution, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
ENERGY REGULATION  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, last week, the Trump administration took a very important step, the step to end the war on coal and the war on American energy. The Environmental Protection Agency has said that it has begun the formal process to roll back the Obama administration’s so-called Clean Power Plan. This plan was a cor-nerstone of the Democratic efforts to destroy the reliable forms of energy that the American public continues to use today. My goal is to make energy as clean as we can as fast as we can without raising costs on American families. The Trump administration wants ex-actly the same thing. The steps it an-nounced last week will help provide greater energy security, more jobs, and a stronger economy. This is exactly what President Trump promised he would do. It is exactly what the Amer-ican people voted for last November. Americans said that they were tired of Washington’s out-of-control regu-lators. President Trump took action right away. He issued an Executive order in March, telling his administra-tion to go back and review some of President Obama’s worst energy regu-lations. One of those was the Clean Power Plan, which tried to regulate powerplants in a way that wasn’t even allowed under the Clean Air Act. President Trump’s Executive order was the first step in correcting this bu-reaucratic overreach. Last week’s an-nouncement by the Environmental Protection Agency was the next step. With this move, the Agency is saying that Washington will no longer tram-ple on the law. It tells the rest of Washington that there are limits. So I applaud President Trump and Scott Pruitt, the Administrator of the EPA. The Agency was created because America needed to do a better job of making sure we had clean air, clean land, and clean water. There is a right way to do this job. For a long time, the Agency did its job well. We can strike and need to strike the right balance. We need to do that again so we can pro-tect our environment while allowing our economy to grow. We can have rea-sonable regulations that protect Amer-icans while also respecting the law. My home State of Wyoming is one of the most pristine, beautiful places in the world, and it is one of the most en-ergy-rich places in the world. Wyoming has struck this balance successfully, and so have many other States. We are addressing threats to our environment through the cooperation of States, towns, Indian Tribes, and Washington. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.020 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6505 October 18, 2017 
The Environmental Protection Agen-cy did not get the balance right with its Clean Power Plan. It overstepped its bounds to fulfill a political agenda. In 2008, when Barack Obama was run-ning for President, he said that under his policies, ‘‘If somebody wants to build a coal-fired power plant, they can.’’ But he went on to say, ‘‘It’s just that it will bankrupt them.’’ Bankrupt them. Once he got into of-fice, he did everything he could to keep that promise and to bankrupt as many coal companies as possible. The Obama administration pushed out unneces-sary, unlawful regulations on coal pro-ducers, powerplants, and their cus-tomers. Look at the difference between the two Presidents. President Obama promised to bankrupt American energy producers, and then he misused his power in order to do it. President Trump promised to promote American energy security and economic growth, and he is following the law to do that. The law never gave the Environ-mental Protection Agency the author-ity to write its Clean Power Plan. The Agency went ahead and did it anyway. That is why States sued the Federal Government to block this destructive bureaucratic overreach. States knew— people knew that the Environmental Protection Agency had written a dan-gerous regulation that would shut down American powerplants and would raise energy costs for American fami-lies. Their rule would have thrown thousands of people out of work in Wy-oming and in other States. It would have led to as much as $33 billion in compliance costs in the year 2030. That is what the Agency estimated—$33 bil-lion in compliance costs. Last year, the Supreme Court de-cided that this rule could do so much damage that the Court stopped Presi-dent Obama in his tracks. Last week, the Agency recognized that there is a better way. It is going through the process to set aside the old rule and take a fresh look at what it could or should do legally. It said that any reg-ulation of these powerplants is going to be done the way every new regulation should be done. That means listening to the people who have the most at stake, like the States and communities affected by these regulations. It is es-pecially true in places like Wyoming, where there are already partnerships in place that could accomplish many of the goals of the new rules. It means that Washington should consider the costs as well as the benefits of regula-tion, and it should use reasonable esti-mates about both the costs and the benefits. In 2015, the Supreme Court criticized the Obama administration for another rule that made this same mistake. The Court said that it is not ‘‘rational, never mind appropriate, to impose bil-lions of dollars in economic costs in re-turn for a few dollars in health or envi-ronmental benefits.’’ If Washington is going to write regu-lations the way they should be done, this means acting rationally, and it means following the law. The Clean Air Act didn’t give the En-vironmental Protection Agency the au-thority to write its so-called Clean Power Plan. That should have stopped the regulators right there and then. It should not have been a sign for regu-lators to interpret the law in a brandnew way that Congress never in-tended. That is what the Obama admin-istration did anyway. If Washington does regulations right, that means doing them in a way that provides clarity, not confusion, not more questions. It means doing what is best for America, not just what is the preference of the people writing the regulations. We are blessed in this country with enormous natural resources. Our goal should be to use these resources re-sponsibly, in ways that protect our en-vironment and help to make our econ-omy grow. We need a strong economy. That is what the American people are looking for. Over the 8 years of the Obama admin-istration, the leaders of the EPA cre-ated broad and legally questionable new regulations. They declared a war on coal, and a war on American energy. Under the Trump administration, the war is over, and America is back on the right track. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, we are now debating the budget resolution for fiscal year 2018. The main reason this budget resolution is before us is to allow for floor consideration of tax re-form. So I want to talk a little bit about what I hope will be our guiding principles on the way we would proceed on tax reform, because tax reform is needed in this country. Our Tax Code is overly complex. There are significant problems, par-ticularly as we harmonize with the international community. There are things we need to do in our Tax Code to make it a fairer tax code, to make it a simpler tax code, to raise the revenues we need to make sure we don’t have deficits. There are things we need to do. I hope that we will have three guiding principles, and I will talk about these three and how the budget resolution that came out of committee would vio-late each of these principles and why I cannot support it as it has been pre-sented by the committee. First, we should have an open process on tax reform. The last time we did comprehensive tax reform, in 1986, it took well over a year for us to be able to complete the work. We had numer-ous committee hearings. We had a lot of public input because, when you change the Tax Code, it has lots of dif-ferent effects, some of which are not apparent. There are a lot of tradeoffs, and we need to do this in an open man-ner. It is also important that we have a bipartisan product because we want the Tax Code to remain intact so people can plan. We don’t want to see a Tax Code pass in one Congress only to be radically changed in the next Congress. That only happens when you have a bi-partisan agreement where Democrats and Republicans are working together in order to bring about a consensus change in our Tax Code. It doesn’t work if it becomes a partisan process. The budget resolution that has been presented on the floor by the Budget Committee fails on this first guiding principle. It is not a process that will lead to a bipartisan result. It is one that is a partisan process. Reconcili-ation, by definition, becomes a par-tisan process when a budget resolution is passed along party-line votes. Secondly, under reconciliation and the rules of the Senate, you cannot enact permanent tax changes because it would create deficits outside of the budget window. For that reason, if we want permanency in our Tax Code, let’s use regular order, where we bring the bills up in our committees, we bring them to the floor, we offer amendments without restriction, and, at the end of the day, we can pass per-manent changes to our Tax Code that are in the best interest of the tax-payers of this country. Once again, on the first principle of an open, fair proc-ess, the budget resolution presented by the committee fails. The second principle, which I would argue that all of us should agree upon, is that we don’t want to finance the tax changes through debt, that it would be wrong for us to do debt financing of tax relief because that only adds to our na-tional debt and deficit. It affects our economic growth. It really presents, I think, a moral issue: Do we really want our children and grandchildren to pay for what we spend today? The budget resolution presented by the committee fails on this second guiding principle. By its own instructions, it allows for a $1.5 trillion increase in the national debt by the tax changes that are pre-sented. There is no pretense here. It says that we will allow for a $1.5 tril-lion increase in the deficit. To make matters worse, there is a provision that was put in the budget resolution that allows the budget chairman to bring the bill to the floor without getting the Congressional Budget Office and Joint Taxation Com-mittee score. In other words, we will be allowed to vote on a bill that may in-crease the deficit well beyond $1.5 tril-lion without having the objective scor-ing by those who are responsible to let us know what impact it has on the def-icit. Instead, we will get a partisan evaluation by the chairman of the com-mittee rather than one that is pro-duced by the professionals who are charged with reviewing what we do. Now, to make matters even more problematic on the deficit, the guiding principle we have here on what the committees are looking at is what was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.022 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6506 October 18, 2017 
presented by the so-called Big 6; that is, the Republican fiscal leadership of the Senate, the Republican fiscal lead-ership of the House, along with the fis-cal advisers to the President. They have come in with an outline that doesn’t add up to $1.5 trillion. It adds up to a much greater deficit number than $1.5 trillion. So we are starting with deficits well in excess of $1.5 tril-lion with a process where we may be asked to vote without knowing the im-pact on the deficit, but we do know it will add to the deficit. That fails the test that we all felt that we shouldn’t be taking action on the floor on tax re-form to increase the deficit. The third guiding principle should be that we want to be fair. We want to be fair to the taxpayers of this country. The truth is that middle-income tax-payers are already overburdened. We know that. We know that it is tough. It is tough to make ends meet. So we cer-tainly don’t want to pass a tax bill that will increase the burdens to middle-in-come taxpayers. I would think that we all would agree on that particular point. When you look at the budget resolution that has been presented by the committee, it fails on that test. It eliminates the estate tax—hun-dreds of billions of dollars of costs fi-nanced by middle-income taxpayers to the 0.2 percent of the wealthiest indi-viduals in this country. It fails in eliminating the alternative minimum tax, which is a way that we, at least, capture a minimum tax from very, very high-income taxpayers. That is eliminated both on the individual side and on the corporate side. There are tax cuts, breaks, and reduction of rates for the wealthiest taxpayers in this country. How is that all offset? Well, some of it is not offset, but to the ex-tent that we know that it is offset, the budget resolution would allow for cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. Let me re-peat that. We are going to cut Medi-care by almost $500 billion in order to give tax cuts to the wealthiest people in this country and we call that a fair tax bill? We are going to cut the Med-icaid Program by a trillion dollars? We just went through that debate on the floor of the Senate on the changes in the healthcare system where we had significant cuts to the Medicaid sys-tem, and we saw the public reaction and rightly so because, when you cut Medicaid, you are cutting the lifeline from many families in this country— hard-working families who may have a child who was born with a difficult medical condition but they know they at least have the protection under our system. Those are the families who are at risk. Why are we doing it? To give tax cuts to 0.2 percent of Americans by eliminating the estate tax? The budget resolution that has come out of the Budget Committee fails on the third test of fairness. So whether it is failing on process or increasing the deficit or not being fair to middle-income fami-lies, this budget resolution should be rejected. Now, I saw where, as to the Big 6—I referred to them before—we have their outline. It is a broad outline. I ac-knowledge that. It is heavy on prom-ises on tax cuts, and it is very light on how they are going to finance it. So some of us can start filling in the blanks as to who are going to be tar-gets for losing important provisions in our Tax Code, but in a couple of cases, we don’t have to guess because the out-line specifically calls for it. One is the loss of deduction on the State and local taxes that we pay. To me, this is a di-rect attack on federalism. It is the same taxpayer who pays State and local taxes who pays Federal taxes, and now we are going to tell those tax-payers that they are going to have to pay taxes on taxes. That makes abso-lutely no sense. It is a direct attack on federalism. The work that our States and local governments do to provide services to taxpayers in this country should have the exact same respect as what we do at the Federal level of gov-ernment. We can only surmise that this might not be the last attack on federalism, that there could well be an attack on the way State and local governments finance their capital programs because that has been on lists before and there are big gaps as to how they are going to even reach a $1.5 trillion deficit tar-get. That would concern us because State and local governments have al-ready been hit by restrictions at the national level as to how they can bor-row money. Another area that we don’t really have to guess about is the impact it is going to have on the real estate mar-ket. We know that the trigger to the 2009 recession started in the housing markets. Yet in this proposal that is likely to be done, if you eliminate State and local taxes, you are elimi-nating the deductibility of the prop-erty taxes. If you eliminate the deduct-ibility of property taxes, you are af-fecting the value of homes here in America. The largest, single asset for many families could be very well jeop-ardized. Then there is talk—the outline says we are going to take a look at all of the standard deductions; it doesn’t give a lot of protection out there—of wheth-er we will be looking at mortgage in-terest deductions and compromising that. Will these deductions be as valu-able as they are under the current Tax Code? That is one of the reasons I said a process is important because, if you reduce the value of a deduction, you re-duce its worth and you reduce the value of real estate. I have been working for many years to improve retirement security. I am very proud to have worked with Sen-ator P
ORTMAN on these issues. We have done a lot of good things to make it easier for people to save for their re-tirement. Yet we don’t know exactly how the proposal under this budget res-olution will affect retirement security, but we do know that there have been discussions about the ‘‘Rothization’’ of a 401(k). What does that mean? It means that today if you contribute to a 401(k) plan, you don’t have to pay current taxes on your contributions. You pay the taxes when you take your money out after retirement. If ‘‘Rothization’’ is mandated, it would mean that you would no longer have the ability to defer taxes on the con-tributions you make, as you can today on a 401(k). If that is mandated, it will affect people’s ability to save for their retirement and very much affect re-tirement security in this country. Here is the rub. It doesn’t raise any revenue. It is just the timing of revenue. By col-lecting the revenue today, we lose it tomorrow. It actually builds in a larger deficit in the out years. It is actually contrary to good budgeting from the point of view of preserving us from going further into debt. We don’t know if that is going to come out of the committee, but it cer-tainly could come out of the com-mittee in order to meet the instruc-tions that have been recommended by the Budget Committee. I could use the same arguments about how we could jeopardize the new market tax credits, which are very im-portant for economic development; the historic tax credits, on which I have worked with many Members here and which affect economic growth; the work opportunity tax credit, which af-fects hiring people who have challenges in the workforce; and the low-income housing tax credit, which gives us af-fordable housing. All of those tax cred-its could lose value or could be elimi-nated under the outline we have before us. So I hope we adopt some amend-ments. I hope we take a different course, but there will be amendments, I hope, that will be offered to eliminate the use of reconciliation for a tax plan so we can truly have a bipartisan tax bill that can stand the test of time— that we demand that we have the scor-ing before we vote on it so we know what we are doing, that we will not deficit-finance tax changes, and that we don’t jeopardize the State and local tax deduction or the mortgage interest deduction or the retirement security savings that we have today or the var-ious tax credits. I hope we will all clar-ify that together. I hope that we can get some of that done during the amendment process. Let me make this clear. There is a better way. There is a better way. Let’s give up use of this partisan process and start from the beginning on a bipar-tisan process that recognizes that we need tax reform, we need to do this, but let’s do this in a bipartisan man-ner, let’s know what we are doing, let’s be fair to middle-income taxpayers, and let’s do it in a way that will not in-crease the size of the deficit and will stand the test of time and where we can give permanent reform to our Tax Code. That is what we should be doing, and I regret that we are heading down a path that will make that impossible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.023 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6507 October 18, 2017 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I have had a little bit of time to listen to some of the speeches that have been given on the floor today, and I just want to talk about a few of those today. My great colleague from Maryland, with whom I have enjoyed the privilege of serving on the Foreign Relations Committee, talked about an open proc-ess and at the same time talked about being able to offer amendments. The definition of an open process is being able to offer amendments and that is what we are going through. We are going through later this week some-thing called a vote-arama, where we will be having amendments. We talked about the permanent tax changes. Mr. CARDIN. Will my colleague yield for a question? Mr. GARDNER. I am pleased to yield. Mr. CARDIN. Do you believe an open process is starting at maybe 2 o’clock tomorrow morning when no one is lis-tening and that having 1 minute of time to debate an amendment is an open process? Mr. GARDNER. If the Senator would like to work with us on fixing the budget process, I hope he will. I hope we can change the budget process. It is fundamentally broken. We haven’t changed it since 1974, the year I was born—maybe a few years after that. We ought to change this process so it works for the American people. We ought to do something to make this process more effective. We have heard people come and talk about Medicare and Medicaid. These are very critically important social safety nets for this country. People in my community, my parents, our fami-lies, and people we have lived with and known for our entire lives rely on Med-icaid and Medicare, but there is this big myth out there that Washington has this ability to increase funds but yet rename it as a cut. You have a group of people in Washington, DC, who are trying that Washington, DC, Kabuki dance, where they say a de-crease in the rate of increase is a cut. That is like saying that my son, who is 6 years old, is supposed to grow 4 inches next year, and the doctor says: Your son is going to grow 4 inches next year, based on the charts. If my son grows only 2 inches that year, did he shrink? No. He still grew. But in Wash-ington, DC, they would say: No, he is shorter than he was. This is absurd. Let’s be honest with the American people. Medicare increases in funding. We are trying to be more responsible with the dollars we have because the United States is in debt, and the way we are going to fix that is to be respon-sible with the dollars we have and to grow our economy. A couple of weeks ago, I saw a map of the United States. It showed distressed communities in this country. It showed that the haves have more and the have- nots have less. It is time we do some-thing about that in this country. It is time we fix the fact there are counties in our country that are suffering. There are communities in our country that haven’t seen a new net job for nearly two decades. We can do better than that. It has been 30 years since Congress last passed major tax reform. It was 1986. I was 12 years old. For those who are wondering what the No. 1 movie was the last time we passed tax reform, it was ‘‘Top Gun.’’ The one thing I wanted that same year, the last time we did tax reform, was an Atari 7800. That is what I wanted the last time this body passed tax reform. Fast forward to today, 30 years later. The last time we did tax reform was 30 years ago. We now live in a world of Wi-Fi, self-driving cars, and Smartphones, but we still have an Atari-era tax code. It is clunky. It is outdated. It is bloated to more pages than any of us would care to read. I wish I had come up with this, but I didn’t. I will repeat it: The Tax Code is longer than the Bible, and unlike the Bible, there is no good news in it. It feeds the suspicion that you can game the Tax Code if you are wealthy. If you are average, you will be stuck with the bill. We can do better. That is the oppor-tunity we have now. We must seize it in a way that helps hard-working American families and businesses to create jobs on Main Street, to change this unfair system that we have. When I go across the State of Colo-rado, throughout the four corners of our great State, there are people I meet who have been very successful. If you go to Denver, CO, right now, you will think the new State bird is the construction crane. Dozens of construc-tion cranes are on the horizon, showing the success we have had in that State. If you go to Southeastern Colorado, Western Colorado, Northeastern Colo-rado, there are pockets of poverty that remain as strong as ever because we haven’t been able to find the tools nec-essary to grow the economy the way we should. That is what this debate al-lows us to do—to grow this economy, to get this Nation firing on all cyl-inders again. It is the opportunity we have. We should seize it right now, passing this budget leading to tax re-form, to make sure that we can grow American opportunity and innovation because too many people haven’t had a meaningful pay increase for far too long. They know they spend too much time working through a tangled mess of rules just to file their taxes that are too high to begin with. As a country, we spend 6 billion hours and $263 billion each year just to jump through all the hoops and tangles and check the boxes of our Atari-era Tax Code. That is $263 billion we are spending on a 1986-era tax code, just to check the boxes, to fill the forms, to pay the accountants, and to find the lawyers. That is the entire GDP of the nation of New Zealand. That $263 bil-lion is more than the GDP of New Zea-land. We spend as much money pre-paring and filing our taxes in this country as the entire economic output of the nation of New Zealand. American people need relief. It starts by reducing the number of brackets, simplifying the Tax Code, and reducing our rates. For many American fami-lies, this will leave them with more money in their pockets at the end of the day. It also would cut that 6 billion hours that are spent working, trying to file taxes, and leave families with more time to do things that matter to them—not trying to fill out a tax form, but letting them be with their family, be at work, and invest the way they want to with their time and their money. It is just a start. The end of the unfair death tax will bring relief to regular Americans. Let’s start with the death tax. I have heard people criticize the death tax. It is un-fair and at times cruel. That should be reason enough for this Congress to re-peal it. We have a tax that causes fami-lies to have to confront breaking up businesses that have been in the family for generations or selling off the family farm just to keep what they have built and what they have already paid taxes on because somebody died. The govern-ment seems to think death is a taxable event. When I visit with Colorado’s farmers and ranchers, one of their biggest con-cerns—in fact, I met with a group of farmers this past week in Colorado who said that the repeal of the estate tax is more important to them than passing a new farm bill because it is affecting their way of life. These aren’t billion-aires whom we hear so many com-plaints about on the Senate floor and in the political op-eds and by the pun-dits on TV. These are families and ranchers whose families have been working for generations. They have dirt under their fingernails. These are people who have sacrificed for genera-tions to build up land and capital, not liquid assets. That apparently makes them into billionaires, and it is bad enough that they ought to be penalized when they die. If you are fortunate enough to have some incredible land in Colorado un-derneath your farm or ranch—maybe a homestead around Vail or Aspen. Are you going to be forced to break up that estate, forced to sell that land, that 36- acre parcel, so you can pay the estate tax when it was open space and we are able to conserve that open space and enjoy that great beauty? Washington, DC, is driving local development deci-sions, all because of the estate tax. It is suffocating our way of life in rural America, and it must end. Reforming business taxes will bring tax relief to American families, hard- working families. The corporate tax rate is the highest in the world, and employees are paying the price for un-competitive corporate tax rates. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.025 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6508 October 18, 2017 
have the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world. President Obama said that in his 2011 State of the Union Speech. If you just look at what we can do by decreasing tax burdens on American businesses, we can actually increase the average American household in-come by between $4,000 and $9,000 a year. This is an average increase to American households across the coun-try. This isn’t to the millionaires or billionaires. This is to hard-working American families who are just trying to get ahead in life. So this puts $4,000, at a minimum, in their pockets as a re-sult of lower tax rates. That is not just a one-time increase either. We are not talking about a one-time hit. It is not just for the top earners. The Tax Foun-dation says that workers across the in-come distribution will feel the effects year after year. Go home and ask your constituents whether they would like to have more money in their own pockets or whether they would like to have that in the hands of Washington or Wall Street. Do you know what? I am pretty sure they are going to say: I can spend it better than any bureaucrat or Member of Con-gress ever could. If I keep it, I will make smart choices for my family. That is what we have to focus on. The Council of Economic Advisers put out a report explaining how reduc-ing the corporate tax rate from 35 per-cent to 20 percent would result in the average American household income going up by $4,000 to $9,000. It is worth walking through what they said. Be-fore 1990, when corporate profits went up by 1 percent, worker wages actually went up by more than 1 percent. Before 1990, profits went up by 1 percent and workers’ wages went up by more than 1 percent. Since 1990, that relationship between corporate profits and workers has changed. Over the last 8 years, from 2008 to 2016, a 1-percent increase in corporate profits increased workers’ wages only by 0.3 percent, a 0.7-percent decrease. Part of the reason for that is our uncompetitive corporate tax rates. We will go to our numbers to illus-trate what has happened. During the same time, from 1990 until this decade, foreign countries, foreign nations fig-ured out that lowering the corporate tax rate leads to more money in their workers’ pockets. While our tax rate has stayed stubbornly high, the high tax rates in other countries have plum-meted. The United States has decided that we are going to keep the highest tax rates while other economically de-veloped countries are dropping theirs, resulting in higher wages for their workers. Today, U.S. corporate tax rates are far higher than those of any other country I have talked about today. Look at this. If you look at where the United States is right now, we are right here, top of the chart, 35 percent. That is the U.S. Federal tax rate, the 2017 average statutory corporate tax rate. Look at OECD countries: 10 per-cent lower than our statutory rate. Asia is at 20 percent, which is 15 per-cent lower than our statutory rate. Eu-rope is at 18 percent, and some coun-tries in Europe are going lower because they have realized that when they lower their taxes, they have done a bet-ter job of attracting businesses, grow-ing their economy, and creating more work. It would be tempting for some to as-sume that taxing corporations skims some of the cream off the top. You will hear plenty of rhetoric about lowering corporate tax rates being a giveaway. Here is the sad truth. I hope the people take the time to learn this lesson. It is the employees that bear the burden of corporate taxes. Studies show that workers pay between 45 percent and 75 percent of corporate taxes in the form of lower wages. How do you fix that? Lowering the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent will alleviate that burden and result in higher in-come to that average American family, allowing them to keep as much as $9,000—a kind of wage increase of $9,000, an effective increase of $9,000, as much as that each and every year. It is an average increase, according to the Council of Economic Advisers. Once those effects are fully felt, those ef-fects are going to continue year after year across all income distributions. We are going to another chart here. The family will be able to spend that $4,000 to $9,000 the way they want to. It could be the difference between having a rainy day fund and living paycheck to paycheck. It could be the downpay-ment on a new home or a route to a better education or a way they can do what they want to with their free time, if they have some or are able to get some because of innovations we are able to create and the jobs we are able to make better and wages people are able to see increased. It is about them putting more money into their families instead of their government. None of that is going to happen, though, with this current Atari Tax Code. None of that is going to happen unless we can give families and busi-nesses the relief they need. That is what we have the opportunity to do here today. This week, when we approve the budget, we set the stage for the budget reform, the budget bill, to move for-ward on tax reform and tax relief, al-lowing the American people to keep more money in their own pockets. We can provide meaningful relief with a simpler code, less hassle, less squan-dering of money to avoid the unfair death tax, and more businesses hiring more workers and paying higher wages. That is why this budget is so impor-tant. That is why I hope it is approved this week and we set the stage for a brighter future in the coming months and years, as we fight for every chance for the American people to keep the dollars they work so hard to get. Thank you. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amendments and that the Senate vote in relation to the amend-ments following disposition of the Sanders amendment No. 1119, Nelson No. 1150, Heller No. 1146, Sanders No. 1120, and Collins No. 1151; further, that there be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, prior to all votes in the series at 3 p.m., with an exception of 10 minutes prior to the vote in relation to the Heller amend-ment, and that no second-degree amendments be in order prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I would like to begin by quoting David Stockman. David Stockman was the head of the Office of Management and Budget in the Reagan administration. He wrote a famous book after his ten-ure running the Office of Management and Budget. It is called ‘‘The Triumph of Politics: Why the Reagan Revolution Failed.’’ Let me read you a quote from David Stockman’s book. This is what he says: 
The hard part of the supply-side tax cut is dropping the top rate—the rest of it is a sec-ondary matter. . . . Then, the general argu-ment was that, in order to make this palat-able as a political matter, you had to bring down all of the brackets. But, I mean, [the plan] was always a Trojan horse to bring down the top rate. 
I quote from David Stockman in his book ‘‘The Triumph of Politics.’’ He wrote about how President Reagan sold massive, deficit-busting tax cuts for the wealthy by making knowingly er-roneous arguments, by making faulty economic arguments. As we stand here on the Senate floor today, debating the Trump budget of 2017, we focus on what Mark Twain once said: History does not repeat itself, but it does tend to rhyme. This looks very much like what Reagan tried to pull off in the early 1980s, to no avail, and his book is very clear as to why they were unsuccessful. The Reagan-era promises of economic growth and budget surpluses turned out to be massive debt and deficits. There is some kind of nostalgia, polit-ical nostalgia, for a Reagan era that never existed and, instead, a painting of a past that just has to be replicated today. Let’s look at what David Stock-man said he did and why it turned out so unsuccessful for President Reagan. The Republicans are back again with a new budget, but they are using the same old bag of tricks and gimmicks from more than 30 years ago. This is their plan, which is very sim-ple, and it is identical: No. 1, claim un-specified funding cuts to many domes-tic programs many, many years in the future; No. 2, assume unrealistic growth from your policies that will magically balance the deficit; and fi-nally, No. 3, use those questionable economic assumptions to provide mas-sive tax breaks for the wealthy and big corporations in our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.026 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6509 October 18, 2017 
The budget we are debating today hits all of these points. It claims to balance the deficit, while in reality it is a blatant attack on the middle class for the benefit of these super rich. First, let’s start with the budgetary trick: unspecified cuts to domestic pro-grams. Back in the 1980s, David Stock-man called these ‘‘magic asterisks,’’ meaning that the Reagan administra-tion would count the savings from these future cuts, but in reality, they would be someone else’s problem to fig-ure out at a later time. Today, we are dealing with a budget containing more than $1 trillion in completely unspecified and unallocated funding cuts over the next decade—the magic asterisks, programs to be cut but not specified. Please vote for this budget, but do not take any responsi-bility, my Republican colleagues, for actually telling the American people what programs are going to get cut— the magic asterisks. Second, we have the same unrealistic economic growth assumptions that Stockman referred to in the 1980s as a rosy scenario. That is what he called it. Today, we are being told that tax cuts for the wealthy will magically grow the economy to the tune of an ad-ditional $1.2 trillion and will somehow pay for themselves. History taught us that tax cuts do not pay for them-selves. It was not true under Reagan, and David Stockman, his budgetary ex-pert, tells us this. It was not true under Bush, and it will certainly not be true under Donald Trump as well. The Republicans forget recent his-tory and continue to use these fairy tale economic assumptions for the same reasons they did in the 1980s. The tax cuts for the wealthy do not look completely irresponsible to the rest of the American people. Can we sell the American people once again on magic asterisks, on rosy scenarios, on unspec-ified cuts, on a budget that is balanced sometime in the future but is not the responsibility of these Members of the Republican conference at this time out on the floor of the Senate? Can we pull it off again? Can we fool the American people again? Can we hide our real agenda, which is to give a huge tax break to the wealthiest people in America? In the same way that David Stock-man called that the Trojan horse to get the tax break for the wealthy, so too have they built another budget as a Trojan horse to get the tax breaks without any of those specific cuts in programs that they know will be like touching political kryptonite. They are not going to lay out which programs are going to get cut at some point in the future. That is why these tax cuts are irre-sponsible. The framework that Repub-lican leadership has presented is devoid of details for what it will do to fami-lies. It doesn’t specify what it will do for small businesses, and it is com-pletely silent on how it will assist workers, who have been struggling for years to keep up with the rising costs of living. What the Republican tax framework is crystal clear on is how it will benefit the wealthiest Americans and corpora-tions. In fact, the tax framework re-leased by the Republican leadership will send 80 percent of the benefits di-rectly to the top 1 percent of the wealthiest individuals in this coun-try—Ronald Reagan redux, David Stockman redux. And 80 percent of the benefits go to the upper 1 percentile. What did David Stockman say? ‘‘But, I mean, [the plan] was always a Trojan horse to bring down the top rate.’’ What we have now is a Republican Party genetically hard-wired in order to do the same thing that failed as an economic policy in the early 1980s. It was such a catastrophe and it was so bad that Republicans actually had to get together with Democrats in order to fix it after it went into effect. This particular version of it will pro-vide tax cuts for shareholders and CEOs. It allows the richest 1 percent of all Americans to concentrate wealth to an even greater degree than they al-ready can, while many middle-class families will actually see their tax bill go up. They want to take away the State and local tax deduction. We are going to see millions of Americans with an actual tax increase. They are the middle class. There is almost noth-ing in this bill that helps the middle three quintiles. From 20 percent to 80 percent, there is almost nothing in this bill that helps them. They know it, by the way. They know what they are doing. They know that 80 percent of this is going to the upper 1 percentile. They know almost nothing goes to the middle three quintiles, and they also know they are going to take away the tax break for State and local deductions from those people as well. It is not a tax plan. It is a tax scam. Despite their talk about how these tax giveaways for the rich will pay for themselves, the Republican tax plan will create a $2.4 trillion hole in the deficit. We know what Republicans and the Trump administration will do with those deficits. They will be used to go where the 1980s plan did not ultimately go, and that is to gut Medicare, to gut Medicaid, and to gut Social Security. Let’s give them credit. In this bill, at least on Medicare and Medicaid, they actually do talk about these specific cuts. They actually talk about it. There is a $470 billion cut in Medicare. You can hear that, grandma or grandpa. They are going to cut Medi-care by $470 billion in this bill. I tell you one thing. Both grandma and grandpa may be old, but they are not stupid. They are not stupid. They know what you are doing. They are going to figure this out. They want to cut Medicaid by $1 tril-lion, as well, for those tax breaks for the upper 1-percenters. There is your plan. It is pretty simple to understand. Grandma and grandpa are going to un-derstand it. The American people are going to understand it. It is all toward the Trojan horse to get the tax break for the upper 1 percentile. The recent report from the Demo-cratic staff of the Senate Budget Com-mittee found that the budget would also slash $5 trillion from critical pro-grams like education and transpor-tation. It is unspecified at this par-ticular point in time because they know it would create a political night-mare for them. It would be ‘‘nitro hits glycerin’’ politically if they specify at this time where those cuts would come from. Over the last 8 years, our friends on the other side of the aisle explained to us that the Federal deficits were the greatest threats facing our country. We couldn’t invest in clean energy. We couldn’t finance infrastructure. We couldn’t do anything about healthcare or the people who need it in our coun-try because of the threat to our na-tional debt. Before that, we were fa-mously told in the 2000s that deficits don’t matter. Of course, that was after President Clinton’s budgets in the 1990s put us on a path to a budget surplus. Before that, David Stockman was convincing President Reagan that defi-cits were of no concern and should not get in the way of tax cuts for the wealthy. We have seen this movie be-fore, and now, once again, it sounds like the present rhymes with the past. We come back to the central erro-neous premise of the Republican Party, which they continue to try to sell to the American people—that it is pos-sible, simultaneously, to have massive tax breaks for the wealthiest 1 percent, to increase defense spending simulta-neously and massively, and to balance the budget at the same time. It is not possible. The American people know it. They have seen it in the past. They are trying to run the same old movie past the American people, but it is all—in the immortal words of David Stock-man—toward the goal of creating a Trojan horse to bring down the rates for the wealthiest people in America. That is the choice the American people are going to have to make. This budget is a moral disgrace to be considered on the floor of the Con-gress—Medicare and Medicaid, a sac-rifice for a tax break for the wealthiest people in our country. This is a shame-ful day in the history of this institu-tion. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Thank you, Madam President, for the recognition. Madam President, today I wish to talk a little bit about something very obscure that is buried in this budget bill, but it is something that is very, very important to me. First, before I talk about the specific policy issues, I just want to talk about a personal ex-ploration I had. This is with regard to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.028 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6510 October 18, 2017 
the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and this special area up here called the 1002 area. I had the opportunity in the 1980s to take a raft trip down across this Arctic Coastal Plain and down to the sea, and part of the reason was that many of the Alaska Senators at the time used to say: If you are going to make policy in Alaska, you ought to see that part of Alaska. So I took the opportunity to see it. I took a raft trip down a river called the Hula Hula River, which flows out of the Brooks Range, a large moun-tain range, into the Beaufort Sea. I can say that from my personal ex-perience, this is one of the wildest, most magnificent places on the Earth. I would like to talk a little bit about the creatures and critters we saw there. We saw the beginning of the car-ibou migration, which occurs over in Canada to this area in Alaska, where they calf on the 1002 area. It is one of the biggest migrations in the world of a mammal species. We saw grizzly bears. One grizzly bear actually came into our camp, and we had to retreat and watch whatever it was going to do until it moved along. We saw musk oxen. We saw polar bears. We saw what a marvelous and incredible area this was and what a rich, rich ecosystem it was. I was reminded of my Uncle Mo, Con-gressman Morris Udall, who was the author in 1980 of legislative protections for this area. He required congressional action to drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and this 1002 area. He did that because he realized how sig-nificant and how magnificent it was. One of the things we have to realize is what we are protecting here. People travel all over the world to go to the Serengeti and see the migration of the animals on the Serengeti plains. This same caribou migration is very much like the Serengeti. In fact, it is our Serengeti, when you have animals mi-grate from Canada all the way into Alaska and back. This is our Serengeti. It is a special place. It is a real treas-ure, and I don’t have any doubt in my mind that we should save it. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge represents one of the world’s wildest and more biodiverse places. Its Coastal Plain or the 1002 area is the biological heart of the refuge. There is no other place like it on the planet. Congress showed remarkable restraint and fore-thought when it put the Refuge under Federal protection, and I am proud my Uncle Mo Udall was instrumental in passing legislation that doubled the size of the Refuge. Under that law, only Congress can open up the 1002 area for drilling. Today I rise in strong opposition to the Republican proposal to drill for oil in this remarkable place. I will fight their plan tooth and nail. The only rea-son they are doing this is to pay for tax cuts for big corporations and tax cuts for the richest Americans. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge’s coastal plain is an environmental time machine. It is a rare place on this Earth, where almost everything has been preserved as it was over 10,000 years ago. Oil and gas development would change its delicate ecosystem forever. We could never get it back. This Refuge is the largest Arctic con-servation area on the globe. It is part of our national heritage. It is part of the world’s heritage. That is why I compare it to the Serengeti, where peo-ple travel from all over the world to see that migration. The same thing is true here. It would be wrong to plunder this magnificent area for short-term gain, especially when that gain is spec-ulative. The 1002 area is home to 37 species of land mammals, 8 species of marine mammals, 42 fish species, and over 200 species of birds. Migratory birds fly in and out of this area from every State and every continent. The coastal plain in the Refuge is only 20 to 30 miles wide. No other equivalent slice of Alas-ka’s North Slope is as biologically di-verse. Let me share a few examples of the wildlife that depend on this area. Here is a photograph of a caribou and its young during the spring calving time. The 1002 area hosts the largest and most concentrated herd of Porcupine caribou in the world: 197,000 caribou make the longest land migration of any animal—2,700 miles—to give birth there on the coastal plain in the 1002 area. Their numbers are strong now, but even a small change in reproduc-tive rates could threaten the herd’s ex-istence. Here is a picture of a polar bear. Nine hundred Beaufort Sea polar bears den on- and offshore in this area. The mag-nificent polar bear is threatened under the Endangered Species Act, and with climate change causing sea ice to melt rapidly, more bears are expected to den on shore. Here is a photo of the musk oxen. About 250 musk oxen live there year- round. This impressive mammal sur-vived the last ice age, but forcing them from their habitat now could threaten their survival. People also depend on the Refuge. The Gwich’in have lived there for thou-sands of years. They call themselves people of the caribou because their cul-ture and way of life are intertwined with the Porcupine caribou herd. Car-ibou represents about 80 percent of the Gwich’in people’s diet. They use car-ibou skins for clothing, bedding, and shelter. They make fish hooks, skin scrapers, and other tools from Caribou bones. Gwich’in are spiritually tied to the caribou as well. They have a saying: ‘‘Every caribou has a bit of the human heart in them; and every human has a bit of caribou heart.’’ The Gwich’in people depend on the caribou for their material and spiritual survival. Oil de-velopment in caribou calving grounds would threaten their very future. The Republicans’ budget resolution instructs the Senate Energy Com-mittee to identify at least $1 billion in deficit savings over the next 10 years. The Republicans have their sights on the 1002 area to produce that $10 bil-lion. As I said, this estimate is highly speculative, but, for the sake of argu-ment, let’s assume the number of $1 billion is correct. It still doesn’t even scratch the surface of the $1.5 trillion deficit the Republicans recklessly pro-pose. It is not even one one-thousandth of the money the Republicans need to raise to pay for the megadeficit they will rack up to pay for a tax break for the superwealthy. Opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is not necessary for U.S. energy independence. We are now an oil ex-porter, and oil prices are low. Low prices are forcing companies to stop drilling in areas that are much more accessible and less sensitive to develop-ment. Opening the Refuge now makes even less sense as more and more peo-ple are demanding fuel-efficient and electric cars. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is one of the last truly wild places in America. The decision to protect the Refuge from drilling was done carefully and thoughtfully. The decision to undo that protection should be given the same care and thought. We haven’t held hearings. We haven’t even been able to hear from and ques-tion experts. Directing the Energy and Natural Resources Committee to draft legislation to raise funds without a public process is premature. The Amer-ican people will have to live with our decision. This rushed proposal short-changes them and it shortchanges fu-ture generations. There are few places left in the world where the Arctic coastal plains, foot-hills and mountains and the wildlife they support are wild and free. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is one of those places. This unique, grand, and biologically rich place deserves full protection in perpetuity. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to start by commending the Sen-ator from New Mexico for his leader-ship on many issues but today for being on the floor to protect this vital, beautiful American treasure, the Arc-tic National Wildlife Refuge. I thank the Senator. I wish to speak about the budget as well. I hope everyone across the coun-try will really pay attention to the de-bate we are having in the Senate over the next couple of days and over the coming weeks and months. There is no doubt that when we look at the budget that is going to come to the floor of this Senate, it is stacked overwhelmingly in favor of the wealthiest Americans and powerful special interests, and the benefits that will go to the folks at the very top are paid for, in one way or another, by ev-eryone and everything else. I wish to be very clear. I think we need to reform our Tax Code. We need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.029 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6511 October 18, 2017 
to simplify our Tax Code. We need to reduce the tax burden on middle-class families throughout the country. We should do that in a transparent, ac-countable, and bipartisan fashion, but make no mistake, unfortunately, what we have received so far from the Trump administration is something that has been cooked up behind closed doors, and the more we look at it, the worse it gets, from the perspective of making sure the American public is protected in this process. At the end of the day, it is just another warmed-over version of what we know of as trickle-down ec-onomics. What is trickle-down economics? It is the idea that if you give big tax breaks to the top 1 percent—the folks at the very top of the income scale, including big corporations—that somehow the benefits of that tax cut are going to trickle down through the economy and lift everybody up. The problem is, we already have a real-world example of how that whole theory failed, how it ran aground. We saw that in 2001 and in 2002 when we cut taxes in the United States. What went up? What went soar-ing up were the incomes of the top 1 percent. The other thing that went up were our deficits and national debt. Ev-erybody else was left behind. So, yes, the yachts went up, but all the other boats kind of ran aground. If we look at this chart, we will see it has been part of a pattern over a long period of time, where the incomes of the top 1 percent—that is this red line—have risen steadily. They bounce up and down, usually with respect to some fluctuations in the financial mar-kets, but right after the 2001–2002 tax cuts, we saw aftertax incomes of the top 1 percent shoot up. Did it really help the economy? It didn’t help the economy overcome the financial crisis. So we saw some of those incomes come down during the financial crisis. So when we look at the pattern, our tax policies and other policies have re-sulted in this huge and dramatic in-crease in the incomes of the top 1 per-cent, and everybody else has been kind of static. That is an average. Many of those American households are much worse off today than they were even 20 years ago, in terms of real income. So a lot of people are on a treadmill, with millions falling behind. Why in the world we would then adopt a tax plan that actually increases this in-equity without improving the economy is just another windfall tax break to the top 1 percent. Let’s just take a look first at the es-tate tax. It is a great example of how this Republican bill—this Trump bill— is stacked overwhelmingly in favor of the very wealthiest in the United States of America. Our Republican col-leagues like to call this a death tax. There are 2.6 million deaths in the United States every year. Only about 5,000 American households pay the es-tate tax. This isn’t a death tax; this is a tax to prevent the growth of dynas-ties in America. Teddy Roosevelt would be crawling in his grave as a Re-publican to hear about this Republican proposal because he thought America should be a place where we don’t have an aristocracy, we don’t have oligar-chy. We don’t just let people sit around and pass on billions of dollars—sure, we can pass on millions, but billions and billions of dollars—because, over time, what happens is that growing wealth inequality in the United States, in-stead of making sure people can sort of make it on their own in the country, which is what we thought America was all about. Just to illustrate the point, if you are a couple and you have an estate of lower than $11 million—if your estate as a couple is below $11 million—you don’t pay a penny in Federal estate tax, not one penny. If you are an indi-vidual who has an estate below $5.6 million, you don’t pay a penny in es-tate taxes. That is why only 5,000 households—the very wealthiest house-holds in the country—are the only ones that pay it. In fact, when we look at this chart, we can see these two little red dots out of all of these squares are the only households that are impacted. So this Republican plan would give a $240 billion tax cut over 10 years to these wealthiest households in the United States of America. One day, Donald Trump’s estate will benefit mightily from this, according to Bloomberg, and I think that is a trust-ed source around here. Yet we are going to give that $240 billion tax cut to the superwealthy and the rest of the country is going to have to pick up the bill. So who is going to pay for that bill and how? Well, it really happens in two ways. One way is tens of millions of middle-class taxpayers are going to get socked by this tax plan. The other way is, under this bill, it green-lights deep cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, so we are going to see increased burdens on folks who are on Medicare—seniors. I wish to talk for a minute about the increase in middle-class taxes under this Trump administration plan. First, under their plan, taxpayers will no longer be able to deduct their property taxes and their State and local taxes. We hear a lot from our Re-publican colleagues about double tax-ation when it comes to corporations. Yet their plan proposes a double tax-ation on tens of millions of middle- class taxpayers around the country. On that dollar, they pay their State and local taxes, and then they will be taxed on what they pay to their State and local governments and what they pay on property taxes. That is why this plan is opposed by the National Gov-ernors Association. It is why it is op-posed by the United States Conference of Mayors. If we look at IRS data, we will find that 40 percent of taxpayers making between $50,000 and $75,000 of annual in-come—just that small band—take the deduction for State and local taxes, and they are going to increase their taxes under this plan. That is almost 8 million Americans right there. There is another provision in this Re-publican plan which says that the big-ger your family is, the bigger the tax you are going to pay. If you have three, four, five kids, you are going to be pay-ing more taxes than you are today be-cause what they give with one hand on the standard deduction, they take away on the personal exemptions. Low-income seniors are going to see their taxes go up because the bottom rate is increased from 10 percent to 12 percent, and the deductions many sen-iors get, especially if they are disabled, are eliminated. They are going to see their taxes go up. Finally, I really hope Members will begin to focus on this. The National Association of Realtors hired PricewaterhouseCoopers to do an anal-ysis of the Republican plan. This is from the National Association of Real-tors: ‘‘Homeowners with adjusted gross incomes between $50,000 and $200,000 will see an average tax increase of $815 a year.’’ Because of the interaction of what you do with respect to the home mortgage deduction and the fact that it is not as big a benefit and the inabil-ity to deduct your local property taxes—and I want to read this very de-liberately—‘‘Home prices in the short run will fall by an overall average of 10.2 percent.’’ Let me say that again: Home prices in the United States will fall by an average of 10.2 percent. That is by PricewaterhouseCoopers. They may recover at some point, they say, but if you are a senior and you have all of your savings in your house and the value of your house drops by 10 percent, you are in a world of hurt, and that is what the National Association of Realtors tells us this bill will do. That is on the tax side. That is not the only way seniors are going to be hit. Middle-income families are going to be hit on the tax side; their taxes are going to go up. But they will also be hit because, in order to pay for those estate tax breaks for the super-wealthy—the 5,000 households in the country that each year benefit from that—this budget also green-lights cut-ting Medicare by $473 billion, and it green-lights cutting Medicaid by over $1 trillion. So not only does the middle- class take it through increased tax bur-dens—tens of millions of them—but folks on Medicare are going to see that program cut and a $1 trillion cut in Medicaid. We just went through a big debate here in the United States Senate, and a majority rejected the idea that we should cut Medicaid by $1 trillion, es-pecially in the middle of an opioid epi-demic and all the other health chal-lenges we face around the country. Yet that is what this Republican budget green-lights. The bottom line is that they have big tax cuts for the superwealthy paid for by increasing the tax burden on tens of millions of middle-class Americans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.031 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6512 October 18, 2017 
paid for by cutting Medicare and Med-icaid. Then, at the end of all of that, this budget is actually designed to in-crease the national debt by $1.5 tril-lion. It is written right into this budg-et bill. I served for many years on the House Budget Committee. I was the ranking Democrat. The chairman of that com-mittee for many years was P
AULRYAN, now Speaker of the House. Every year, Congressman R
YAN—now Speaker R
YAN—would come up with what he called the ‘‘Path to Prosperity,’’ a 59- page document, and it repeatedly re-ferred to ‘‘the crushing burden of debt.’’ It was mentioned 12 times in that one budget document. I happen to believe that we need to be serious about reducing our long- term deficits and debt, and our Repub-lican colleagues used to say they cared about that too. But this budget actu-ally calls for a $1.5 trillion increase in our national debt. What happened to the fiscal conservatives? What hap-pened to the budget hawks on the other side of the aisle? It turns out that when it comes to cutting Medicare and Medicaid, a lot of our Republican colleagues have been all in for that. But when it comes to tax cuts—tax cuts for the very wealthy—somehow deficits and debt don’t matter anymore because this budget actually calls for a $1.5 trillion increase in the national debt. I really hope we will get to regular order. Let’s have a full bipartisan dis-cussion. The only time there has been successful tax reform is when it has been done in a bipartisan, transparent way. Yet what this bill is doing is set-ting up a vehicle to try and jam some-thing through on a partisan basis, something that will help the most pow-erful and the most wealthy in this country at the expense of everyone else. Let’s not go in that direction. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me thank Senator V
ANHOLLEN for his very perceptive and comprehensive analysis of this budget proposal, which is de-signed to give huge tax breaks to peo-ple who don’t need it and make terrible cuts to millions of families in this country who are struggling to keep their heads above water. I thank him very much for his remarks. For the past 10 months, my Repub-lican colleagues in the Senate have tried and failed to slash Medicaid by hundreds of billions of dollars. Even though the American people have stood up and said ‘‘Don’t do it; Medicaid is just too important,’’ they keep coming back and back and back. What I want to tell the American people today is, despite the fact that we were able to prevent cuts to Med-icaid in the so-called Republican healthcare proposals, they are back again in this budget proposition calling for a $1 trillion cut in Medicaid over the next decade. Meanwhile, as Senator V
ANHOLLEN just pointed out, these cuts are designed to provide a $1.9 tril-lion tax break to the top 1 percent. There may be some people who think it is a good idea to cut healthcare for working families and give tax breaks to billionaires. There may be some peo-ple, but I don’t think there are a lot of people who think that makes any sense at all. So the amendment I am offering today, along with Senators CASEY and S
TABENOW —which I believe will be voted on at 3 p.m.—is very simple and straightforward. It would simply pre-vent the Republicans from cutting Medicaid by $1 trillion, and it would be fully paid for by stopping the Repub-lican effort to give the wealthiest peo-ple in America another tax break. Plain and simple, this budget resolu-tion is nothing more than a massive transfer of wealth from working fami-lies to the very rich, with huge tax breaks for billionaires and terrible cut-backs on programs that working fami-lies desperately need. At a time when the middle class of this country continues to shrink, when families in the State of Vermont and all across this country are struggling to make ends meet, struggling to put food on the table, put gas in the car, pay their electric bill, pay their health insurance, maybe put away a few bucks to send their kids to college, it would be highly immoral and bad economic policy to take from these working fam-ilies, to take from America’s senior citizens, to give even more to the wealthiest people in this country—peo-ple, by the way, who are already doing phenomenally well. At a time when 28 million Americans have no health insurance and millions more are underinsured with high deductibles and high copayments, at a time when so many of our people can-not afford the prescription drugs they desperately need, cutting Medicaid by over $1 trillion would throw at least 15 million Americans off of the health in-surance they currently have. It is beyond my comprehension how anyone with a conscience could support legislation that throws 15 million peo-ple off of the health insurance they have. Think for a moment about people who are struggling with cancer, strug-gling with heart disease, struggling with diabetes, struggling with life- threatening illnesses, and they have Medicaid. Medicaid is their lifeline to the healthcare they need. I hope the Presiding Officer will get up here at some point and tell the American people what happens to those folks when they lose their Medicaid. Have you done any studies as to how many people will die? The truth is, there have been studies that have been done, and the answer is that thousands and thousands of people every single year will die if Medicaid is cut for 15 million people who lose their health in-surance. Let me say what happens when you cut Medicaid by over $1 trillion nation-wide over a 10-year period. What it means is that not only will thousands of our fellow Americans die, it also means that a child with a severe dis-ability—perhaps with Down syndrome or some other serious problem—will no longer be able to get the healthcare they need to adequately function. An estimated 11 million children—or 15 percent of all kids in the United States—have special healthcare needs. They may have conditions such as cer-ebral palsy, muscular dystrophy, au-tism, or one of a host of other serious problems. They may have mental health needs, such as depression, anx-iety, or complications from a pre-mature birth. Today, Medicaid covers 5 million—or 44 percent—of these chil-dren, providing them with coverage so that many of them can live at home with their families. In addition to standard healthcare services, Medicaid helps these children get special education at school, long- term care, personal assistance from nurses and attendants, and may cover technology that helps them thrive. Medicaid may also cover social work-ers to help parents of children with special health needs make sense of all the bureaucratic redtape and get the services they need for their kids. Medicaid provides these children with quality care. Ninety-two percent of children enrolled in Medicaid have had a primary care visit in the past year, which is higher than families with private insurance. If Medicaid is cut by $1 trillion over a 10-year period, children with special needs could be left to fend for themselves. What a ter-rible thing that is to do to families who are struggling today, to tell them that you are going to remove the support they get for their child who has a dis-ability. It is not just the children who will suffer if this bill is passed. It is our parents. It is the senior citizens of this country. What every person should know—and I fear many do not know— is that Medicaid now pays for over two- thirds of all nursing home care. Let’s think about this for a moment. What happens if there is a $1 trillion dollar cut over 10 years to Medicaid? What happens to our parents and our grand-parents and people with disabilities in America who have their nursing home coverage paid for by Medicaid today? I may be wrong, but I don’t recall that there has been one hearing to hear from groups like the AARP, to hear from senior citizen groups, to hear from doctors, to hear from nurses, to hear from nursing homes as to what the implications are of a $1 trillion cut in Medicaid and what it means to the families in this country who have loved ones in nursing homes. There may have been a hearing. I don’t believe there has been. My Republican colleagues are going forward with this disastrous cut without even knowing what the impli-cations are, not having heard from one expert about what this legislation would mean. Tragically, all of us know that our country is in the midst of an opioid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.032 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6513 October 18, 2017 
epidemic, which has hit my State of Vermont very hard, and it is hitting virtually the entire country. This is quite unbelievable, but each and every day, more than 90 people die in our country from an opioid overdose, near-ly 4,000 people every day begin abusing prescription painkillers, and—it is al-most unthinkable but true—almost 600 people start using heroin every single day. How horrible is that? Today, Medicaid covers one out of every three Americans who are ad-dicted to opioids. Opioid treatment is difficult. It is expensive. It is not al-ways successful, but I dare say there is virtually not one State in the coun-try—I know my State is trying hard, we do better than most—that can say they now have the treatment capabili-ties available for people who are hooked on opioids or on heroin. If we cut Medicaid by $1 trillion, there is no question—none whatso-ever—that there will be a massive re-duction in the kind of care available to people who have opioid or heroin addic-tion. I find it hard to understand why my Republican colleagues would come up with legislation that would do so much harm to the working families of this country with a $1 trillion cut in Med-icaid—and some of my colleagues in a few moments will talk about a pro-posed $470 billion cut to Medicare and what that would mean—all to give in-credibly large tax breaks to billion-aires like the Walton family, like the Koch brothers, like the Trump family. I would hope my Republican colleagues understand that what they are pro-posing is way out of touch with where the American people are. According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, 60 percent of Americans oppose cutting Medicaid. A recent Wall Street Journal/NBC poll finds that only 12 percent of the American people believe the wealthy should receive a tax cut. Twelve percent believe the wealthy should receive a tax cut, while 62 per-cent believe the wealthy should pay more in taxes. In other words, what this legislation does is exactly the op-posite of what the American people want. On the other hand, we must be honest about it and acknowledge that we have an extremely corrupt campaign finance system. As a result of Citizens United— that disastrous Supreme Court deci-sion—our campaign finance system has become even worse than it used to be. You have an example of where the American people say overwhelmingly: Don’t cut Medicaid. Don’t cut Medi-care. Don’t give tax breaks to the rich. In fact, ask the wealthy to start paying their fair share of taxes. That is what the American people are saying in poll after poll. There is another group—and we have to be honest about that—who do be-lieve that billionaires should get more tax breaks, and there is a group that believes we should cut Medicare and Medicaid. Unfortunately, those are the people who make hundreds of millions of dollars in campaign contributions to the Republican Party. Those are people like the Koch brothers and a few of their billionaire friends—a small of group people, half a dozen, 10 people— who will contribute $3 to $400 million to elect candidates who represent the wealthy and the powerful, just in this 2-year election cycle—$3 to $400 mil-lion. What this debate is about is not what the American people want. The Amer-ican people are pretty clear about it. It is really about what the billionaire class wants. The billionaire class, de-spite the fact that their wealth has in-creased phenomenally, despite the fact that the top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, that is not good enough. The Koch brothers are only worth $90 billion. How are you going to get by on $90 billion? How do you take care of the kids? How do you put gas in the car? Only $90 billion. They need more. If this legislation goes through and if the estate tax is passed—and I know people think I am not telling the truth because it is so unbelievable that any-one would propose this, but I am tell-ing the truth—the Walton family, the wealthiest family in America, worth well over $100 billion, could get up to a $50 billion tax break. The Koch broth-ers, the second wealthiest family, worth over $90 billion, their family, their heirs will get over a $30 billion tax break. So from their perspective, putting a few hundred million dollars to help elect some Republicans is pock-et change if your family is going to get a $30 billion tax break. Let me just say, the legislation brought forth is really quite prepos-terous. It is based on a trickle-down economic theory of giving tax breaks to billionaires and corporations and seeing all kinds of new jobs being cre-ated. It is a theory that is fraudulent, doesn’t work, hasn’t worked, but it is legislation—legislation we are dealing with here—that does work very well for the billionaire class of America. I have the radical idea—I know it is a radical idea—that maybe, just maybe the U.S. Senate should pay attention to the needs of the middle class, the working class, and lower income people in this country, the vast majority peo-ple, and not just a handful of billion-aires. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that Senator W
ARREN and Senator B
ENNET be added as cosponsors to my amendment to restore the $1 trillion in cuts to Medicaid, amendment No. 1119. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. With that, I yield the floor to my colleague from Pennsyl-vania Senator C
ASEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Vermont for his leadership on this amendment and his words today. I will have more to say about the amendment in a moment. Mr. President, as Senator SANDERS  mentioned, his amendment that we are working together on, amendment No. 1119, will do the following, and it is right in the text of the purpose section of the amendment, to provide addi-tional resources to restore the $1 tril-lion in cuts to Medicaid paid for by re-ducing the Republican tax breaks for the wealthy. That is the quick sum-mary of what we are working on. I think it is also important to put this amendment in the context of dis-cussions we are having in the Senate and, I am sure, throughout the coun-try; that is, the tax proposal put forth by the administration as well as the Republican leadership, the so-called unified tax proposal. This is a Repub-lican proposal that comes before the country. I think it is essential to read both the tax proposal along with the budget we are debating on the floor to-gether. There are a lot of ways to describe what the tax proposal is all about. I will describe it very bluntly, in my own words. This tax proposal is, for sure, a giveaway to the wealthy. The superrich do quite well. Big corporations do very well. The middle class does not do well at all at the end of the day. Why do I say that? Because there have been a number of analyses done of the proposal. Even the proposal, as it stands now, will have more analyses done when the bill is actually intro-duced, but in terms of what is on paper now, you have, for example, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities stating that by the year 2027—at the end of the 10 years—80 percent of the tax cut goes to the top 1 percent. There is another analysis that is even more pointed in terms of the year. You don’t have to wait until 2027 to fig-ure out what is happening to the top 1 percent. Here is what the Tax Policy Center says with regard to the tax ben-efit that accrues to the top 1 percent and also what would accrue to the top 0.1 percent. The top 1 percent is rough-ly those making above $730,000. The top 0.1 percent, of course, is even higher. Here is what the Tax Policy Center said in September based upon the pro-posals so far. Table 2 in the report says the following: Starting in 2018—the as-sumption here is that the tax proposal as currently crafted would happen this year. If it were to pass this year, in 2018—the 2018 tax year—the top 1 per-cent would get a tax cut of $146,470. That is the first year of the tax cut for the top 1 percent, $146,000. How about the top 0.1 percent, a very small num-ber of extraordinarily wealthy Ameri-cans? They get $747,580—roughly, $747,000 in a tax cut. That is just in year one. We could provide more exam-ples year after year, but you get the picture that a lot of the tax cuts, if there are any, will be shifted to the top 1 percent and the 0.1 percent. When they do that, when they have a proposal that points in that direction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.034 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6514 October 18, 2017 
in terms of the tax bill, what happens in the budget bill that is related to that? It is very simple. The budget bill will cut Medicaid, as Senator S
ANDERS re-ferred to, by over $1 trillion. The exact number is $1.056 trillion over 10 years. Let’s call it a $1 trillion cut to Med-icaid over 10 years. That is, basically, what it is. With regard to Medicare, the cut is $473 billion in the budget. Now, the difference between the two bills—or the two proposals, really—is that the budget proposal is a bill. So we know the exact details there. The tax proposal has some specificity, and some areas are not as specific, but the benefits to the wealthy are rather spe-cific. The Republican plan is to use the proposed $1.5 trillion in cuts to those two programs—when you add the $1 trillion cut to Medicaid to the $473 bil-lion cut to Medicare—to pay for the $1.5 trillion tax cut to corporations. I think it is obscene to cut those pro-grams and then use those dollars for a corporate tax cut. Notice that nothing about that is connected to the middle class and that nothing about that is fo-cused on folks who are trying to get into the middle class. It is really a cor-porate tax cut that is paid for by cuts to Medicare and Medicaid. I will limit my remarks today to Medicaid because that is what this amendment is about. This amendment seeks to restore at least the Medicaid cut of $1 trillion. So that is what we are focused on. What is Medicaid? There are a lot of ways to describe it, but Medicaid cov-ers 40 percent of all of the children in the country. If you are in Medicaid and you have the opportunity to take your child to the doctor and get checkups and all of the benefits that you get from Medicaid, you get to benefit from what is called early periodic screening, diagnosis, and testing. So a child who might be from a low-income family— and is, in the case of Medicaid—not only gets coverage but benefits from the early screening, early diagnosis, and early testing. All of those benefits go to that child, and 40 percent of the Nation’s children are covered by Med-icaid. The other number to know, which is rather startling, is that 60 percent of all of the children in the country who have disabilities are covered by Med-icaid. Of course, that is not limited to children from families who have lower incomes. You could have a family who has a rather high income—a middle- class income or much higher than that—who might have healthcare through the family’s employer, but if the child has a disability, especially a profound disability, the family relies on Medicaid. So that is the program that we are talking about. We know, as well, that Medicaid cov-ers half of all of the births in the coun-try. There are millions of births every year that are covered by Medicaid. How about nursing homes? Medicaid pays for nursing home care for our par-ents, our grandparents, and our family members. If that were not the case, on average, you would see something on the order of $75,000 in terms of annual expenses, which would force countless middle-class families out of their homes and deplete their hard-earned savings. That would be a big expense if it were not for the benefit of having Medicaid in the context of one’s long- term care in a nursing home. In addition to paying for 45 percent of all of the births, the other 45 percent is that of school districts in the coun-try that use Medicaid funds to pay for medical and therapy services for kids in school who are receiving special edu-cation. We could go on and on. Let me make one other point. I mentioned that 60 percent of chil-dren with disabilities are covered. The Medicaid Program also makes it pos-sible for millions of people with dis-abilities, including adults, to live in their own homes—to have the dignity, even having a disability, of staying in their own homes. Medicaid also makes it possible for those with disabilities to get to work and to be an active part of the workforce. The program also helps to fund schools to be able to provide the physical, occupational, and speech therapy services to students with dis-abilities. For all of these reasons and more, what we seek to do with this amendment is to restore the more than $1 trillion cut to Medicaid. We all have the opportunity in the Senate to receive letters from con-stituents—sometimes handwritten, sometimes typewritten, sometimes by way of email, or otherwise—who com-municate to us about the issues of the day. One of the most compelling letters that I have ever received in the context of healthcare and, particularly, in the context of Medicaid is from Pam Simp-son. She is from Southeastern Pennsyl-vania. Pam wrote to me and described in rather specific detail about the chal-lenges her son, Rowan, faces as a child with autism spectrum disorder and what his life was like before Medicaid and what his life was like after Med-icaid. I will not dwell on the ‘‘before.’’ I will focus on how his life has changed with Medicaid. Pam tells me that in late January of 2016 she applied for medical assistance for her son Rowan. She goes on to write about the wraparound services that came from Medicaid after her son Rowan was enrolled, which included a behavioral specialist consultant and a therapeutic staff support worker to help her son Rowan. It reads that the behavioral specialist evaluated Rowan while he was at daycare and ‘‘put a treatment plan together to help guide the therapeutic support, who was then able to provide support to Rowan while he was at daycare. The wrap-around services have been a Godsend.’’ That is what we were told in the letter from Pam Simpson. I will conclude because I know that we are short on time. Pam Simpson described the before and after. Then, in the letter, she was pleading with me to make sure that I do not take any steps that will cut Medicaid. She wrote about the adverse impact on her family and, obviously, the adverse impact on her son Rowan, who is the recipient of Medicaid. In addition to reminding me about his circumstances and hers, she con-cluded the letter in this way: 
Please think of my 9 month old daughter, Luna, who smiles and laughs at her brother daily; she will have to care for Rowan later in her life after we are gone. Overall, we are desperately in need of Rowan’s Medicaid as-sistance and would be devastated if we lost these benefits. 
She is one mother from one family who is talking about the adverse im-pact of there being cuts to Medicaid. I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment to make sure that the $1 trillion that has been taken away from the Medicaid Program is restored in this budget bill that we are debating today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I assure our colleague from Pennsylvania that nothing in this budget resolution will deprive any person of the benefits they receive under Medicaid—no one. This budget resolution will not do that to anyone in the country. I can promise him that. It is ironic, though, to hear my col-leagues talk about cuts in Medicaid when no one is proposing cuts in Med-icaid—no one. All we are talking about is reducing the rate of increase in the growth of a very important and nec-essary entitlement program. Someday, when they grow up, these same chil-dren are going to have to pay back the money that we have borrowed in order to sustain these programs today. So we need to look at the whole picture here and learn and figure out how we can meet our current needs but also be re-sponsible enough not to spend money today that our children and grand-children are going to have to pay back tomorrow. Mr. President, I have come to the floor to talk primarily about tax re-form because that is going to be the task that we undertake following the passage of the budget resolution. The President of the United States invited the members of the Senate Fi-nance Committee over to the White House, and I have just returned from that meeting. It was a bipartisan meet-ing of the tax-writing committee in the Senate. That is what the Senate Fi-nance Committee is. We heard during the discussions that the President’s preference would be for this to be done on a bipartisan basis, and there was no one there present who said: We insist that this be done on a partisan basis. In other words, everybody there agreed with the President that it would be better for the country and that we would be able to come up with a better product—it would be durable, and it would be sustainable—if, in fact, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.036 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6515 October 18, 2017 
were able to do so on a bipartisan basis. In taking that to heart, Chairman H
ATCH , who is the chairman of the Sen-ate Finance Committee, has previously stated his intention to have an open amendment process in the Senate Fi-nance Committee. Typically, what hap-pens is that there is some base bill— sometimes referred to as the chair-man’s mark—that is the starting place for legislation in our committees. What we do is to come up with what we think represents the closest thing to a consensus of those who are interested, actually, in pro-growth tax reform and what that would look like, and then open it up to Democrats and Repub-licans alike to offer their amendments to change it. If they have a majority vote in the committee, it will pass and change the bill. If they have a vote and it loses, then the bill will stay as it is. I am, frankly, a little bit surprised to hear from some of our colleagues that they actually want us to avoid the committee process and want us to come out here on the floor and come up with a bill that all 100 Senators can agree to. That is a terrible way to oper-ate. It is, basically, a recipe for failure. What we need to do is to return to what we call regular order around here. All that means is this: Let’s go through the traditional process of legislating, moving bills through the committee, and letting everybody participate. Then the majority leader can bring a bill to the floor with there being the same opportunity to offer amendments and to have votes. If you get a major-ity vote, you win, and your amendment is adopted. If you lose the vote, then it is not, and it does not change the con-tent of the bill. I really wonder whether we ought to go back to that old cartoon that talks about how a bill becomes a law. I re-member when I was growing up ‘‘I am just a bill on Capitol Hill’’ or however the lingo goes. Some people have seen that on the internet. Even some of the pages here, who are much younger than I am, are shaking their heads, indi-cating they recall that. That is how a bill becomes a law. Our colleagues across the aisle act like this is a rev-elation, that this is somehow unprece-dented and is a terrible way to do busi-ness. Consistent with what the President has requested and what we would like on a bipartisan basis, let’s give that a try. That is what we talked about over at the White House, and I think we owe it to the American people. Honestly, I think that if we were able to come up with a bipartisan tax reform bill, the country would be astonished—it would be shocked—that we were actually working together in the best interest of the American people, rather than re-lying on the same old, tired talking points and being sort of ensconced in our own bunkers, lobbing shots across some demilitarized zone at each other, politically. I think the American peo-ple are tired of that. Frankly, some of us who have been here a while are frus-trated by the lack of productivity and by resorting to those same old tired talking points, living in these bunkers and not getting as much done as we need to for the American people. There is a good reason why large- scale changes in our Tax Code haven’t been made since 1986, and that is be-cause it is hard. It is hard to get a con-sensus on a bipartisan basis, but it is long overdue, and the American people are demanding it. The first step in the process of pass-ing pro-growth tax reform that will leave you with more of what you earn in your pocket and will actually raise the living standards of hard-working families is for us to pass a budget reso-lution this week to give the Congress the tools we need to get the job done. Now, it may very well be—well, I can hope, anyway—that we won’t need to resort to the technical tools we get from a budget resolution, the reconcili-ation instructions, and that we can ac-tually do this on a bipartisan basis, but if we can’t, then this budget resolution will provide a roadmap for tax reform and provide a pathway to get our Fed-eral spending under control, not by cutting but by reducing the rate of growth in some of our programs. I don’t know anybody who believes that the current Tax Code is working. One of the flaws in our Tax Code is that it favors production overseas as opposed to buying and building in America. It keeps overseas trillions of dollars that could be brought back here and used productively growing busi-nesses, creating jobs, and increasing wages. Keeping your corporate head-quarters in Dallas or Denton instead of Delhi or Dubai shouldn’t be a disadvan-tage, although that is what happens under our current Tax Code. Of course, we know that for every provision in the Tax Code, there is some lobbyist, some entrenched special interest that is going to fight like the dickens to keep that provision in the Tax Code. We have already heard some of the lazy arguments and the scare- mongering that are always based on unjustifiable assumptions. In this case, there are some people who say: Well, if we let people actually keep more of what they earn, it won’t change their behavior at all. They say: If we let businesses keep more of what a busi-ness earns, they won’t invest it in their own business and create new jobs. I think that defies common sense, and it defies experience. That is why we see, on the business side, countries like Ire-land, which used to have one of the highest tax rates in the world, or the United Kingdom, cutting their business tax rate—because they realize that brings businesses to their country, it creates jobs, and it helps grow the economy and make a lot of other im-portant things possible. Two recent studies illustrate why the naysayers are off base. One is by the White House Council of Economic Ad-visers and shows a clear linkage be-tween corporate tax rates and real wages. It shows that reducing the cor-porate rate—this may not seem obvi-ous on its face, but this study says that reducing the business rate for corpora-tions from 35 percent to 20 percent will translate into a minimum of a $4,000 increase in income for the average household. The second study comes from another expert at Boston Univer-sity and concludes that lowering the corporate rate from 35 to 20 percent will mean a rise in income of $3,500 per household. This used to be a bipartisan acknowl-edgment. I remember that in 2011 President Obama gave a speech to a joint session of Congress where he ac-knowledged that we needed to cut our business rates to bring that money back here onshore and to keep our businesses from moving to other coun-tries. I mentioned several times on the floor recently that I was shocked when I read an article a couple weekends ago that said that IBM—one of the largest corporations in the world—has more employees in India than it does in the United States. I am sure that is caused by a number of factors—access to a workforce, a well-trained workforce, the cost of doing business—but it has to be influenced by our highest tax rate in the world. These authors say the new plan that has been proposed by Republicans will raise the growth of the economy be-tween 3 percent and 5 percent and real wages between 4 percent and 7 percent. If you cut corporate rates from the highest in the world to 20 percent, it will raise the wages of workers from 4 percent to 7 percent. Both of these studies suggest that tax reform will benefit working Americans. I have to tell you that the President made this point over and over again at the meeting we had this morning. He said: I am not interested in giving tax breaks to the wealthy. I want more middle-class, hard-working families to see the benefit of tax reform. He said: People who are wealthy are doing just fine. They don’t need any help in the Tax Code. But the people who do need help are hard-working families who are seeing stagnant wages or seeing their stand-ard of living decrease because of their high tax rates. So who in good faith could stand in the way of this hap-pening? Who would stop us from giving workers a raise? Well, we are ready to hear all the preaching. I know it is coming, but that shouldn’t deter us from doing our designated task. We shouldn’t allow petty ignorance to go unchallenged, and the sort of deliberate class warfare that pits different taxpayers against each other—we should not tolerate that. Let me conclude because I know other colleagues want to speak. The American people are anxious, and they are frustrated. They are upset with what they see happening in Wash-ington—or I should say not happening 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.037 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6516 October 18, 2017 
in Washington. The reason is because they want us to realize the two points I just mentioned. They are waiting for us to get it and to base our fiscal pol-icy on what is honest and true. We can’t ignore this issue any longer, and we will not—first by passing the budget resolution this week and then moving on a bipartisan basis through the Senate Finance Committee, the House Ways and Means Committee, to come up, hopefully, with a consensus tax reform plan that will get our econ-omy growing again and allow hard- working American workers to keep more of what they earn and, in the process, help improve their standard of living. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. SCOTT. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. Mr. President, so often when you hear folks speak in Washington, it sounds as if we are only speaking to ourselves because most people around the country simply cannot understand what we are talking about when it comes to tax reform. We talk about re-patriation and going from a global sys-tem to a territorial system and pre-venting inversions and the number of cohorts on the individual side and passthroughs and corporate cuts. We talk about static scores versus dy-namic scores. Too often, too many of us speak in a language that no one truly appreciates or understands. From my perspective, tax reform is really about two very simple pillars. The first pillar is, how do we increase the take-home pay of the average per-son in this country, and how do we make sure the jobs of the future are created here in the good old U.S. of A? Mr. President, I was privileged to grow up in a home with a strong, pow-erful, optimistic mother. She raised two boys on her own. I will tell you, when you think about the challenges of single moms today, I think about the one who raised me. I think back to the times when she was working 16 hours each day 3 days a week and 8 hours a day a couple days a week. She was a nurse’s aide. She wasn’t an LPN or an RN. She wasn’t even a CNA. She was simply a nurse’s aide, which means for several hours each day of her shift she changed bedpans, she rolled patients over. So when I think about the average single mom, with a couple of kids in the household, whose average income today is less than $36,000 a year, I think to myself, how are we going to make sure that single mother takes home more of her hard-earned money? Tax reform is the fastest way for us here in Washington to actually translate our activities to that household. See, if we take less out of her paycheck, she gets to take home more of her money. Some have joked about the fact that I said hashtag ‘‘keep yo money.’’ Why do I say that? Well, it is the way we speak at home, No. 1, and No. 2, it sim-plifies and crystallizes whom we are talking about. We are simply talking about single moms like mine. We are talking about folks who work hard every day, who are strapped, chal-lenged, with very little margin in their schedules and even less in their pay-checks. The average American—I heard that somewhere around 50 percent of Ameri-cans do not have $500 in their savings account. When we are talking about tax reform, we are talking about in-creasing the margin for a family. The second major pillar of tax reform is simply making sure that the jobs of the future are created here at home. Well, simple question: How do you do that? The answer is even simpler. When you look around the globe, you find very carefully and critically and sim-ply that there are countries that have a tax rate on their business production of around 12.5 percent. The competition for countries like ours—say, the OECD, high-income countries; there are about 39 of them—the average tax rate is 22 percent. Our corporate tax rate is 35 percent. It doesn’t take a genius to fig-ure out that the difference between 35 and 22 is 13 percent, but more impor-tantly, there are fewer jobs created here at home. That is a problem we should solve. We solve that problem by making sure our corporate tax rate is competitive with our global competitors—common sense, some would suggest. I would sug-gest they are right. But not only that— whether you are on the left or the right, economists on both sides and our current President Trump and our former President Obama agreed on one thing—and we should all stop and cele-brate when we have agreement on both sides—they both say that the corporate tax must come down because a part of who pays the price of the corporate tax are the workers. Some have said that 25 percent of the corporate taxes are paid by corporate workers, and others have said it is 80 percent. Here is what we know: Our workers in this country take home less of their money because our corporate tax rate is too high. We can do something about that. So when we talk about tax reform, when we talk about the importance of inversions being eliminated, satisfying the need to grow our economy, let’s keep it simple. Let’s talk about moms and dads like my single mom, income under $36,000. Can we make sure she takes more of her money home so she can take care of her two kids? The an-swer is yes, and we should do that ASAP. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am pleased to follow the distinguished Senator from South Carolina and ap-preciate very much his remarks and how he does such a good job of really explaining why this tax relief is so very important. I rise today to talk about the need for tax relief and how our Tax Code is now both outdated, very complex, and again, as my esteemed colleague from South Carolina said, it is past time to provide tax relief for our Nation’s fami-lies, farmers, ranchers, and small busi-nesses. That is what passing this legis-lation is all about—providing much needed tax relief for our hard-working citizens. As I said, it is past time to modernize our outdated American Tax Code and bring it into the 21st century. We need to do so to ensure that Amer-ican businesses can compete on the global stage; it is a global economy, and we must compete. And it is very much focused on our efforts to bring tax relief to middle-class families, who have been struggling to get ahead and stay ahead over the last decade. As I said, the Senate this week is taking the first step—a very important step—toward enacting pro-growth tax reform by passing a budget resolution that provides the path toward improv-ing our economic growth and putting more money back into the pockets of hard-working American people. Voting for this budget will enable us to move forward to enact that tax relief, again, not only for our families, but for farm-ers, ranchers, and small businesses across this country. Small business is the absolute backbone of our economy, and that is where the vast majority of jobs are created. It is very important to understand and realize that this is not just about tax relief—making sure that, after taxes, hard-working Americans keep more of their money in their pocket, again, as so eloquently detailed by the Senator from South Carolina—but it is also about growing our economy. This is also pro-growth. This is about stimu-lating economic growth, meaning more jobs and, as the businesses that create those jobs invest the capital, create those jobs as they compete for labor, that also moves wages and income higher. So think about it. For that hard-working American, it is not only about reducing his or her tax burden, it is about increasing their wages and in-come. That is the rising tide that lifts all boats, so it is both. It is both about improving wages and income, as well as reducing the tax burden. The recently released tax blueprint proposes sweeping tax reform, tax re-lief that will benefit working families and small businesses across the coun-try while promoting job creation, eco-nomic growth, and global competitive-ness. This country was built on hard work by individuals and families who strive each and every day to make ends meet, provide for their loved ones, and plan for retirement, but this past decade has seen too many families struggling to get by. The current Tax Code is com-plex; it is riddled with loopholes. That not only does nothing to help our hard- working families keep more of their money, it makes it very difficult to even fill out their tax returns. Tax relief will help individuals and families in my State of North Dakota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.038 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6517 October 18, 2017 
and across the country to get ahead by generating new jobs through economic growth, as I said, while also lowering their overall tax burden so that they keep more of their paycheck. For ex-ample, by doubling the standard deduc-tion, we will eliminate taxes on the first $12,000 earned by an individual and $24,000 earned by a married couple, ef-fectively establishing a 0-percent tax rate up to $24,000. This means that the nearly 81 percent of North Dakotans who claim the standard deduction— again, my State—will see a significant increase in their take-home pay, and that is true across the country. Our tax framework aims to generate greater opportunities for small busi-ness owners and farmers, helping them to become more competitive. Remem-ber, we all compete in a global econ-omy now, so how do we help our farm-ers, our ranchers, our small businesses become more competitive? Small business represents nearly 96 percent of all employers in my State, and while we have fostered a business- friendly environment in North Dakota, the Federal Tax Code continues to place undue burdens on our small busi-nesses that operate across North Da-kota and across the other 49 States. That includes our farmers and ranch-ers, who can pay a marginal tax rate as high as almost 45 percent, which is nearly twice the rate of the rest of the industrialized world. The tax framework follows an exam-ple that we have set, and the tax framework that we have proposed will restore economic opportunity and, as I said, enact a pro-growth tax code for our country. Last week, I hosted tax reform ses-sions and roundtables across North Da-kota to hear directly from our small businesses and also from ag leaders, our farm leaders, on their priorities. I want to talk about some of those prior-ities in agriculture for just a minute. Agriculture is No. 1 in North Dakota. We are a huge energy State, as well, but agriculture is and always will be No. 1 in our State. So when we talk about tax relief, we need to talk about tax relief for our farmers and our ranchers. The right tax reform will help our farmers continue to provide the high-est quality, lowest cost food supply in the world, which benefits every single American every single day. So that in-cludes reducing the tax burden on these hard-working farmers and across the board for small businesses which, as I said, are the job creators in our economy, in our country. The biggest way we do that is to drop that rate for small business to 25 percent. That is a huge step forward. It not only makes our farms, ranches, and small busi-nesses across the country more com-petitive, but it generates the economic growth that is so important for job cre-ation and higher wages. Another important issue is, in this framework, we eliminate the death tax or the estate tax. The death tax can re-sult in double and sometimes triple taxation of income. For example, an in-dividual’s wages are taxed when they are earned, and interest, dividends, and capital gains from saved wages are taxed again. The death tax hits those earnings again when an individual dies. The average farmer today is 60 years old. The average farmer is 60 years old, and we continually see fewer and fewer young people able to get into the busi-ness of farming. With a tax code that disincentivizes passing down the fam-ily farm to the next generation, how do we expect to feed our Nation and, in fact, the world, which is exactly what we do? The estate tax also stifles economic growth and reduces our Nation’s com-petitiveness. A study by the Joint Eco-nomic Committee in 2012 found that the death tax had destroyed $1.1 tril-lion in capital stock in the economy, and, of course, less capital investment means fewer jobs. Eliminating the death tax will encourage individuals to save, grow our economy, and, accord-ing to the Tax Foundation, will in-crease the capital investment rein-vested back into our economy. Additionally many of our producers, our farmers, and other small businesses do not have access to the equity they need to operate, so they rely heavily on debt financing to fund their businesses, and that is particularly true for new and beginning enterprises. Our Tax Code should incentivize our Nation’s entrepreneurs to start their business or farm operation and allow them to grow and prosper. That is why it is a pri-ority—certainly one of my priorities— that as we do tax reform, we maintain the ability of these businesses to de-duct from their taxes the interest they pay on their debt in order to maintain a level playing field for small business. Think about a family farmer out there. When family farmers need cap-ital, it is very hard for them to go out and get equity. So they have to borrow that money in order to buy equipment and invest in their enterprises, and that is why the interest deduction for farmers is so very, very important. They don’t have access to that equity capital; they have to borrow their money, which is a huge cost to their operation, and that is why the interest deduction for our farmers and for our ranchers is so very important. Also, expensing is important for farmers and ranchers, and this is im-portant for all small businesses. Being able to expense what they invest in their business makes a huge difference. Equipment, business supplies, and other capital expenditures can be very costly. For example, a new combine nowadays probably costs about one- half million dollars. For farmers to come up with one-half million dollars to buy a combine, which they obvi-ously need, is hard to do unless they are able to expense that investment and deduct the interest on the debt that goes with it. The tax framework we have proposed would allow businesses to immediately write off or expense the cost of new in-vestment and business assets, effec-tively reinvesting in our Nation’s busi-nesses and helping to drive economic growth. It will allow businesses to in-crease investment and, again, increase job creation and wages. I would propose that we have full expensing for the first 5 years—that is great—but we should also on a long-term basis keep the section 179 expensing provision, which we have worked very hard to make permanent and which should be retained in this new Tax Code for the long-term, as we get beyond the first 5 years, as part of tax reform and tax re-lief that really works for our ag sector. So these are some of the priorities we will be working on to include in our tax relief package to ensure that our farmers, our ranchers, and our ag in-dustry continue to remain strong and really the leaders worldwide when it comes to, as I said, not only producing the highest quality but the lowest cost food supply in the world, which bene-fits every American every single day. Tax reform is about getting the American economy going and growing, it is about creating jobs, and it is about creating jobs here at home, not overseas. It is about bringing that cap-ital that is stranded overseas and repa-triating it back to America and cre-ating jobs in this country. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work together. We need to pass this budget, and we need to pass tax reform for the hard-working people of North Dakota and for hard-working Americans across this great country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I am very pleased to be here on the floor of the U.S. Senate with my colleague, the Senator from North Dakota, who just talked a lot about some of the details but also some of the results of the tax reform that we are talking about. Also, I was very inspired to hear Senator S
COTT from South Carolina talk about how he believes—and I believe—that tax reform for someone like his moth-er, who was a nursing assistant raising two boys as a single mom, will have great impact on her. We all have a story to tell, and that is why I think this tax reform bill that we are talking about will be, can be, and should be very impactful for everyone across this great land. My colleagues and I have talked a lot about this over the last several weeks because it really presents an incredible opportunity for us to make a difference for every American family, every American business, and individuals from all walks of life. Just last week, when I was home in West Virginia, I had a small business roundtable. I hosted about seven or eight owners of small businesses, and we sat down to talk about tax reform and what kinds of impacts this would have on them, their businesses, and the people they employ. It didn’t take long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.041 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6518 October 18, 2017 
because the first question I asked, right off the bat, was: What does tax reform mean to you? Well, they didn’t say ‘‘Tax breaks for the wealthy’’ be-cause that is not what they believe and that is not what I believe. We had a woman who has a family- owned business. She employs six people as a highly technical, small manufac-turer. She said that what tax relief means to her and her small business is that after she trains people—it takes a year and a half to train—a lot of them will leave and go to a bigger company because they are searching for a higher wage. She said: What I am going to be able to do is reward the good workers in my business and raise their wages so they will stay. I almost closed my book and left. I said: Well, do I need to hear anything more? These are the impacts, I think, tax reform will have on small busi-nesses. I had another person there who em-ploys 36 people in a communications company. What does tax reform mean to you? She said: Well, I have two loca-tions. I have 36 people evenly split be-tween the two locations. But in com-munications you really have to mod-ernize your IT for graphics and be able to do the best communications and ad-vertising you can do. That is expensive. It is really expensive. She said: What tax reform means to me is, I am going to be able to modernize my infrastruc-ture, my IT, my software, and still keep the 36 people who work for me. And she said: I am looking next year to hire another six, and this gives me the certainty to be able to do that. Well, I almost closed my book up and left then. What does that mean? That means more investments. Somebody is selling that software. Somebody is cre-ating that software—hopefully, in this country—and somebody is going to be the beneficiary of that increased in-vestment in a small business. I heard about raising wages. I heard about what economic growth will do to a small business in a small State. I heard Senator H
OEVEN say 96 percent of business in North Dakota is small busi-ness, and 95 percent of business in West Virginia is small business. So these efforts will be about trans-forming our economy. For too long, we have been living with a stagnant econ-omy, with too few opportunities, and with people feeling like they just can’t get ahead. Rural America has really felt this, and many of the communities in my State and around the country have felt these effects of this stagna-tion, this lack of confidence, this feel-ing that you can’t get ahead. You are not ready to spend the money. No. 1, you don’t have it because you are paying too high taxes. No. 2, you don’t want to spend it because you don’t have the confidence that the economy is going to move. That is what this is about today. We have a chance to transform this and create op-portunities, reform our Tax Code, and deliver pro-growth legislative solu-tions. We haven’t done this for decades. It is way past time to make a real dif-ference and make a system that is more transparent, a system that is simple. Something I don’t think we talk about enough is tax simplification. How welcome that would be to prob-ably everybody seated in the Gallery here today, and millions across the country, when they look at the time and effort and money they spend to prepare a complicated tax return, when tax simplification would free them from a lot of that burden. Most of all, we want a system that is fair and the kind of system that re-wards hard-working families and puts more money in the pockets of those who earn it. You think, what would you do with it. I think everybody could come up with something they could do. They might want to save for retire-ment. They might want to go on vaca-tion. They might need to do repairs for their home. They might want to buy a new pair of shoes for their child or a new car. There are all kinds of ways that people are holding back because they don’t have the confidence. If they have that money in their pocket, then the confidence will be there in the fu-ture, and they are going to invest. They will invest in their lives, their families, their homes, their businesses. Before we can move forward, we must pass this budget. This budget resolu-tion before us today reins in Federal spending and provides new prospects for our businesses and our families. It paves the way for a tax code overhaul and creates a pathway to greater pros-perity. I heard the Senator from Texas saying we would love to have a bipar-tisan tax reform measure in front of us. When we all see what the results of this are going to be, we should be able to join together, but we need this budg-et resolution to make sure that what we have talked about for more than several months and a year is going to come to fruition. A vote for this budget is a vote to provide tax relief for hard-working, middle-income Americans. It is a vote to lower taxes on families with chil-dren. It is a vote to incentivize compa-nies to invest domestically and create jobs in this country. That is what they tell us they want to do. I believe they know an investment in this country with their capital and their people is a much more solid investment for their company’s future than any investment outside of this country. It is very hard to think that any of my Senate colleagues, Republican or Democratic, would not want to support these goals. So passing this resolution creates a once-in-a-generation oppor-tunity to reform our Tax Code in a way that will move our economy forward. Our country will move forward. I urge my colleagues to vote for the budget and to begin the process of de-livering tax reform that will help so many people in my State of West Vir-ginia and across this country. We can-not let this opportunity slip by. I am going to do my best to make sure it doesn’t. Thank you. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. AMENDMENTS NOS . 1144, 1119, 1150, 1146, 1120, AND 
1151 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1116 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I call up the following amendments en bloc and ask unanimous consent that they be re-ported by number and that the rollcall votes in relation to the amendments occur in the order listed: Hatch No. 1144, Sanders No. 1119, Nelson No. 1150, Heller No. 1146, Sanders No. 1120, and Collins No. 1151. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for others, proposes amendments numbered 1144, 1119, 1150, 1146, 1120, and 1151 en bloc to amendment No. 1116. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1144 (Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-serve fund relating to protecting Medicare and Medicaid) At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROTECTING MEDI-CARE AND MEDICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), which may include strengthening and improving Med-icaid for the most vulnerable populations, and extending the life of the Federal Hos-pital Insurance Trust Fund by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1119 (Purpose: To provide additional resources to restore the $1,000,000,000,000 in cuts to Med-icaid paid for by reducing the tax breaks for the wealthy) On page 3, line 12, increase the amount by $20,557,000,000. On page 3, line 13, increase the amount by $36,830,000,000. On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by $55,406,000,000. On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by $77,864,000,000. On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by $95,078,000,000. On page 4, line 4, increase the amount by $109,914,000,000. On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by $135,221,000,000. On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by $156,504,000,000. On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by $175,071,000,000. On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by $193,849,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.042 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6519 October 18, 2017 
On page 4, line 12 decrease the amount by $20,557,000,000. On page 4, line 13, decrease the amount by $36,830,000,000. On page 4, line 14, decrease the amount by $55,406,000,000. On page 4, line 15, decrease the amount by $77,864,000,000. On page 4, line 16, decrease the amount by $95,078,000,000. On page 4, line 17, decrease the amount by $109,914,000,000. On page 4, line 18, decrease the amount by $135,221,000,000. On page 4, line 19, decrease the amount by $156,504,000,000. On page 4, line 20, decrease the amount by $175,071,000,000. On page 4, line 21, decrease the amount by $193,849,000,000. On page 4, line 25, increase the amount by $20,557,000,000. On page 5, line 1, increase the amount by $36,830,000,000. On page 5, line 2, increase the amount by $55,406,000,000. On page 5, line 3, increase the amount by $77,864,000,000. On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by $95,078,000,000. On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by $109,914,000,000. On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by $135,221,000,000. On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by $156,504,000,000. On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by $175,071,000,000. On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by $193,849,000,000. On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by $20,557,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $36,830,000,000. On page 5, line 15, increase the amount by $55,406,000,000. On page 5, line 16, increase the amount by $77,864,000,000. On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by $95,078,000,000. On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by $109,914,000,000. On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by $135,221,000,000. On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by $156,504,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by $175,071,000,000. On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by $193,849,000,000. On page 24, line 11, increase the amount by $20,557,000,000. On page 24, line 12, increase the amount by $20,557,000,000. On page 24, line 15, increase the amount by $36,830,000,000. On page 24, line 16, increase the amount by $36,830,000,000. On page 24, line 19, increase the amount by $55,406,000,000. On page 24, line 20, increase the amount by $55,406,000,000. On page 24, line 23, increase the amount by $77,864,000,000. On page 24, line 24, increase the amount by $77,864,000,000. On page 25, line 2, increase the amount by $95,078,000,000. On page 25, line 3 increase the amount by $95,078,000,000. On page 25, line 6, increase the amount by $109,914,000,000. On page 25, line 7, increase the amount by $109,914,000,000. On page 25, line 10, increase the amount by $135,221,000,000. On page 25, line 11, increase the amount by $135,221,000,000. On page 25, line 14, increase the amount by $156,504,000,000. On page 25, line 15, increase the amount by $156,504,000,000. On page 25, line 18, increase the amount by $175,071,000,000. On page 25, line 19, increase the amount by $175,071,000,000. On page 25, line 22, increase the amount by $193,849,000,000. On page 25, line 23, increase the amount by $193,849,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1150 (Purpose: To provide additional resources to restore the $473,000,000,000 in cuts to Medi-care paid for by closing special interest tax loopholes) On page 3, line 12, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 3, line 13, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 4, line 4, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 4, line 12, decrease the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 4, line 13, decrease the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 4, line 14, decrease the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 4, line 15, decrease the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 4, line 16, decrease the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 4, line 17, decrease the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 4, line 18, decrease the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 4, line 19, decrease the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 4, line 20, decrease the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 4, line 21, decrease the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 4, line 25, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 5, line 1, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 5, line 2, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 5, line 3, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 5, line 15, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 5, line 16, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 26, line 2, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 26, line 3, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 26, line 6, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 26, line 7, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 26, line 10, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 26, line 11, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 26, line 14, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 26, line 15, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 26, line 18, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. 
On page 26, line 19, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 26, line 22, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 26, line 23, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 27, line 2, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 27, line 3, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 27, line 6, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 27, line 7, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 27, line 10, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 27, line 11, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 27, line 14, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 27, line 15, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1146 (Purpose: To provide tax relief to American families with children to provide them with more money in their paychecks to make ends meet) At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lllDEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE PROVISION OF TAX RELIEF FOR FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include lowering taxes on families with children, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1120 (Purpose: To ensure that there are no tax cuts for the top 1 percent of Americans) At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY LEGIS-LATION THAT PROVIDES A TAX CUT FOR THE TOP 1 PERCENT OF THE WEALTHIEST INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.004 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6520 October 18, 2017 
amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that provides a tax cut to the top 1 percent of individuals. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 1151 (Purpose: To provide tax relief to small busi-nesses and to include provisions to prevent upper-income taxpayers from sheltering income from taxation at the appropriate rate) At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE PROVISION OF TAX RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include the provision of tax relief for small businesses, along with provi-sions to prevent upper-income taxpayers from sheltering income from taxation at the appropriate rate, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, while Senator E
NZIis on the floor, I want to thank him for his leadership in the Budget Committee and taking us through this very important vote today. I want to talk a little bit in terms that maybe people can understand what is going on here and what will be going on over the next few days. What we are doing right now is pass-ing a budget. Our budget is no different than your household budget, when you sit down and you figure out, over some period of time, how much money you have and how much money you need to spend, where maybe you need to spend more and maybe you need to spend less. That is all we are doing with this budget. This budget is not the tax reform bill. That will come after we pass a budget, but if we don’t pass this budg-et, there is no possible way we can ac-tually pass tax reform. That is why I support this budget. That is why I will work to defeat any amendments that will prevent this budget from being passed. Then we can start having an honest discussion about what we need to do around tax reform. I know the Senator from South Caro-lina did a great job, as he always does on the floor, talking about why he sup-ports tax reform. He is somebody we should really listen to. He is somebody who came up through truly humble means. You have people come on this floor and they talk about how the peo-ple who are supporting tax reform are just doing this for the billionaires and the rich. I would encourage you to go out to the internet and take a look at Senator SCOTT’s story and tell me if that is somebody predisposed to helping the rich. He is here to help the little guy. He is here to get the economy going so people can get back to work. He is here to actually create opportunities for wages to go up. He is here to actually do what we have been promising for 20 years and haven’t done—almost 30 years. Over that span of time, America has lost traction as the greatest economy that has ever existed. This tax reform measure, after we pass the budget, is to really get to a point to where States like West Virginia—you heard Senator C
APITO talk about 95 percent of the jobs created in West Virginia are small businesses. How could anybody sin-cerely come to this floor and say Sen-ator C
APITO is only supporting this for the wealthy corporations? They just don’t exist in any large number in West Virginia. In my State, 80 percent of the jobs that are created are small businesses as well. So how anybody could suggest that there are those of us coming to the floor just talking about tax breaks for the rich and for corporations really need to go back and look at our States. Look at who is struggling and whom we are here trying to help. We get to the tax reform bill after we pass the budget. That is why I am going to sup-port the budget. Now, to some of my colleagues on this side of the aisle, the Founding Fa-thers did strive to create a more per-fect Union, but they created an imper-fect democratic process. This is the sausage factory we call democracy. It is not intended to be perfect, nor does it ever produce anything that is perfect legislation—something that is done and you never come back to it. Those who come to this floor and say: Unless I can have that perfect, I am not willing to support the good, they really need to go back and rethink why they are here. We are here to start fulfilling promises. You don’t do it by coming onto this floor and say-ing: I really want to do tax reform but only if it is my perfect solution. You start by making progress. Then you build on that progress. You start get-ting the economy to grow, and you use those resources to better fund the most challenged people we have in this Na-tion, use those resources to grow the economy and give younger people an opportunity to realize the American dream the way I did back in the 1980s. That is why we have to pass this budget. That is why we have to set aside our personal preferences for something far better than probably will ever come out of this Chamber but something good that begins to fulfill the promises we made to the American people. When we get past the budget, we are going to do something called vote- arama tomorrow. Vote-arama is an in-teresting process, mainly because it is a bunch of votes that don’t mean any-thing. There are going to be people who come up here, and they will file a bill. It will go up or down. Even if it goes up, it doesn’t have the force of law. Tomorrow, if you are here, it is a lot like going to good theater. At the end of the day, the only thing that matters is the final vote, and that is the vote on the budget. That is something every single person in this Chamber should support. Then we need to move on to tax reform that has a meaningful, last-ing impact for the poorest, most chal-lenged people in this country. It is not about tax breaks for the rich. It is not about tax breaks for corporations. It is about small businesses in West Vir-ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina or across this Nation that need help. It is about those employees that, if we do this right, will be making more money. They will have more money to pay their bills. It is about making a con-scious decision about how much money we can spend on Medicaid and to be ab-solutely certain we can fulfill the promise to people challenged by it. It is about fulfilling the promise to people on Social Security and Medicare, to make sure those programs can fulfill the promises we made. This isn’t about absolute cuts to Medicaid. This is about how much it should grow every single year to be ab-solutely certain those programs are going to be there 10, 15, and 20 years from now. If you have an opportunity to sit up in the Gallery and pay atten-tion to these words, go back and really fact check some of what is being said. Go back and look at the backgrounds of some of the Members on this side of the aisle who support tax reform. They grew up as the little guy. They grew up in challenged situations. They rep-resent States where the vast majority of the people in those States are, them-selves, challenged. Anybody who can sincerely come down here and say this is about the rich, this is about the cor-porations, come spend time in North Carolina, South Carolina, West Vir-ginia, Georgia, Alabama, and Ten-nessee, States across this Nation. I come from the Southeast, but they are the ones that come out of my mouth. I worry about all those little busi-nesses. I worry about all those chal-lenged people. This budget lays the groundwork for us to actually put meaningful policy in place for the first time in about 30 years that is sincerely attempting to fulfill the promises the politicians make in this Chamber every single day. I hope all of our Members will come down here and accept the fact that per-fect doesn’t happen, but some good can happen. Good begins by passing this budget, and it continues by passing tax reform that will help the most chal-lenged among us. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.007 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6521 October 18, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1120 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, some of our Republican colleagues said in the past days, the budget debate is all about getting the tax reform. The fact is, this is a fast lane to a partisan proc-ess for dealing with taxes. When it comes to the Republican plan, you get a lot of rhetoric and a lot of happy talk. You hear it is the biggest tax cut ever. You hear it is about the middle class. Just this morning, the President tweeted the Democrats will only vote for tax increases, but that rhetoric is just out of touch with reality. For ex-ample, our 2015 bill, of which I was the lead Democratic sponsor, cut taxes $650 billion. It went to the heart of the needs of young people in this country with the American opportunity tax credit, the earned-income tax credit, but it also helped farmers—farmers who are concerned about expensing the research and development credit for our innovators. That is the kind of approach we ought to take that is bipartisan, that helps people in this country. Every-body has a chance to get ahead. The fact is, the Tax Code on the books is now a tale of two systems. There is a strict mandatory system for a cop or a nurse. Their taxes come right out of every paycheck. It is mandatory. There are no special Cayman Island deals for them. Then there is another set of rules for the highfliers, the most fortunate. They can, with good lawyers and good accountants, decide what they want to pay and when they want to pay it. That is the rotting source of unfairness that is at the heart of the American Tax Code. That is why so many hard-work-ing Americans think they are getting a rotten deal every April 15. That is the brand of unfairness Ronald Reagan was interested in going after, but somehow we can’t get that same kind of spirit from Republicans at this point on this tax bill. The Trump tax cut doubles down on the rotten unfairness in the Tax Code. It is a multitrillion-dollar handout to those who are the most powerful, and it is very generous to those at the top of the top, which is why this amend-ment with Senator S
ANDERS is so im-portant. The Trump tax plan, at this point, doesn’t just fail to close the most egregious loopholes, but it en-shrines them for good. The amendment that Senator S
AND-
ERSand I are putting forward is pretty simple. It says that in this tax bill we are going to put the focus on the mid-dle class. We are not just going to focus on people at the top. That is why the amendment creates a point of order against the plan that gives a tax hand-out to the top of the top of the income spectrum in our country. If you are a middle-class family, ac-cording to what is offered now, the Re-publican plan giveth with one hand and taketh away with another. The stand-ard deduction might be doubled, but you are going to lose personal exemp-tions, and if you come from a State with a significant State and local tax structure, you are going to find it very hard to get ahead. That is what we want to change. We will not want a scheme that hides the true multitrillion-dollar cost of the tax giveaways to those at the top. We want relief to go to those at the middle. I close by saying that the Sanders- Wyden amendment is based on a simple principle, and that is that we want to expand the winners’ circle for working Americans—those without lobbyists, those without clout—to have a chance to get ahead. They have been left out of the economic winners’ circle for too long. We want to put a focus on those people who have felt the panic of see-ing the costs of rent, college, and medi-cine go up and up and up. Tax reform should be about helping them. That is what the Sanders-Wyden amendment proposes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. AMENDMENT NO . 1144 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of my amendment No. 1144. This legislation is designed to do two things. It is important for us to consider this. First, it would protect Medicaid for our Nation’s most vulner-able citizens, namely, low-income chil-dren, pregnant women, the elderly, and those with disabilities. Those are im-portant vulnerable citizens, as far as I am concerned. In addition, it would strengthen Medicare in order to help protect health benefits for current and future beneficiaries. Make no mistake. Our Nation faces a growing entitle-ment crisis, and Medicare and Medicaid are at the heart of it. Under ObamaCare, Medicaid enroll-ment has increased by about 28 percent due to the expansion of the program in 32 States. Between 2014 and 2015 alone, expan-sion States received about $79 billion in Federal funds. The problem is that even before ObamaCare, Medicaid was plagued by quality issues, and States’ hands were tied whenever they tried to advance innovative solutions to im-prove patient care. Of course, even before ObamaCare, Medicaid spending on both the Federal and State levels was growing at an as-tronomical rate. Contrary to popular myth, ObamaCare did not fix this. It made things worse. As chairman of the committee with jurisdiction over Medicaid, I have been working with a number of my Repub-lican colleagues as well as State offi-cials, stakeholders, and the American public to find solutions that will im-prove the quality and ensure the lon-gevity of the Medicaid Program. That work will continue into the future. Medicare is a separate problem en-tirely. Everyone knows that when it comes to Medicare, we are on a colli-sion course with fiscal economic catas-trophe facing us. Over the long term, Medicaid faces more than $33 trillion—that is with a ‘‘t’’—in unfunded liabilities according to the independent actuaries at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices. In the nearer term, the Medicare trustees project that Medicare Part A, which deals with inpatient hospital payments, will be officially bankrupt in 2029, resulting in steep benefit cuts for seniors relying on the program. Even a number of prominent Demo-crats who recently served as Medicare trustees have recommended swift legis-lative action to ‘‘minimize the impact on beneficiaries, providers, and tax-payers.’’ To put it simply, we need to address the fiscal challenges facing these pro-grams if we are going to preserve them for future generations. Despite the claims of a number of my Democratic colleagues on the other side of the aisle, we can’t even make a dent in these problems by focusing solely on the tax side of the equation. I know many like to claim that every wrong would be righted and every prob-lem would be solved if we simply raised taxes on rich people. Anyone who has spent more than 5 minutes looking at the fiscal condition of our Federal health programs will tell you that is preposterous. The money just simply isn’t there. The Republican budget ac-knowledges this reality. My colleagues have argued that the budget would cut Medicare spending, but that isn’t true. In fact, under the budget, Medicare spending would in-crease every year, though at a slightly slower rate, in order to introduce some level of fiscal sanity into the process. All told, the budget would slow Medi-care’s rate of growth by about 1 per-cent compared to the CBO baseline. Furthermore, the budget resolution does not propose any specific pro-grammatic changes to either Medicare or Medicaid, even though my friends on the other side of the aisle like to argue otherwise. Let me be clear on another point. De-spite a number of claims to the con-trary, the budget resolution does not rely on savings from Medicaid in order to provide tax relief. My colleagues, the ranking member of the Budget Committee and the sen-ior Senator from Florida, have pro-posed amendments to dramatically in-crease taxes to the tune of about $1 trillion for Medicaid and half a trillion dollars for Medicare over the next dec-ade in order to double and triple down on this particular set of problems, the failed policies that have made these programs unsustainable in the first place. These are not serious proposals. They are poison pills designed only to give the other side a round of partisan talk-ing points that are really ridiculous. A vote for my amendment is a vote for a stronger, more fiscally sound 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.045 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6522 October 18, 2017 
safety net that preserves Medicaid for our most vulnerable citizens, keeps our promises to Medicare’s current bene-ficiaries, and strengthens the program for those who will need it in the future. I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment. It is a good amendment. It is the right thing to do. It makes us better prepared for the fu-ture. It seems to me that every one of us would be proud to vote for it and to solve these problems that the amend-ment will solve. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for two minutes to speak, please. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first, let me say that the people of Michigan and our country deserve a better deal than what is in this budget. There are a number of concerns I have, but I want to mention three big ones, and I am proud to join with colleagues on amendments that would address them in votes that will be coming up. The first is the fact that this budget would take $473 billion out of Medicare. I offered an amendment in committee to make sure that would include privatizing Medicare, but that was voted down. That is certainly some-thing that could happen. There is $1 trillion in Medicaid cuts as well. In Michigan, three out of five seniors in nursing homes are there with the help of Medicaid health insur-ance. This is children, families, and senior citizens. There will be an amendment offered that Senator N
EL-
SON, Senator S ANDERS , and I offered to take out this cut from Medicare. There will be one offered for Medicaid, with Senator S
ANDERS , Senator C ASEY , and me, to strike that. Second, 80 percent of the tax cuts built into the assumptions of the budg-et go to the top 1 percent. What does that mean? Well, it is $1.5 trillion that goes to folks making $700,000 or more. That is at least a $200,000 tax cut per person. We commonly call this trickle- down economics. So far it has never worked. People in my State are still waiting for it to trickle down. We have an amendment, as well, to remove this provision and to put the tax cuts into the pockets of middle- class taxpayers. Finally, this plan overall increases the deficit. Even though it cuts Medi-care and Medicaid, it also increases and explodes the deficit by $2.4 trillion. We also will be addressing that as well. Overall, unfortunately, in terms of the big tax cuts, this budget proposal is paid for by our senior citizens and sin-gle parents who are affected and mid-dle-class families. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1151 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, there has been a great deal of discussion about what the appropriate tax rate should be for large corporations. That is important because we want them to create jobs right here in America and not overseas. Let us not forget the true engine of our economy, and that is our small businesses. We need to provide true tax relief to our small businesses, the job creators in our economy. I rise to discuss my amendment, which is No. 1151, which would create a deficit neutral reserve fund to support small business tax relief while pre-venting wealthy taxpayers from shel-tering income from taxation at the ap-propriate rate. It would send the message that through tax reform, we can help our small businesses thrive and be the en-gine of job creation and economic growth in communities all across our great country. Small businesses make an out-sized contribution to our economy. Accord-ing to the Small Business Administra-tion, small businesses employ nearly half of all workers and generate two out of three net new jobs each year. Nationwide, they generate nearly half of our private, nonfarm GDP and one- third of our Nation’s export value. The State of Maine is truly a small business State, with nearly 300,000 of our residents employed by our more than 141,000 small businesses. That is nearly 60 percent of our workforce. Most small businesses are organized as so-called passthrough entities, which means that their profits are passed on to their owners and reported on individual income tax returns. Under current law, this income is taxed at individual rates, which can reach nearly 40 percent at the Federal level and can be significantly higher than the corporate tax rates that larg-er firms face. Given the administrative costs and these high tax rates, small businesses are forced to devote more resources to compliance and tax payments and fewer resources to creating good jobs and investing in their local commu-nities. It is no wonder that a recent survey by the National Federation of Inde-pendent Business found that concerns about Federal taxes on small busi-nesses ranked third on the list of the top 10 concerns. With tax reform, we have the oppor-tunity to fix this problem. Of course, we should aim to do so in a way that prevents people from abusing rates in-tended for small business passthrough income. My amendment would allow for changes to Federal tax laws and to pro-vide relief to small businesses, while not allowing wealthy individuals to shelter their income from taxation at the appropriate rate. I urge my colleagues to support it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. AMENDMENT NO . 1144 
Under the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate, equally di-vided, prior to a vote on amendment No. 1144, offered by the Senator from Wyoming, Mr. ENZI, for the Senator from Utah, Mr. H
ATCH . The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I yield back our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority time is yielded back. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, the amendment from the Senator from Utah speaks about ‘‘strengthening and improving’’ Medicaid and Medicare. We don’t strengthen and improve Medicaid by cutting it by $1 trillion, and we don’t strengthen and improve Medicare by cutting it by $469 billion. That is Or-wellian language. We should vote down this amendment and adopt the Sanders amendment which says: Let us give no tax breaks to billionaires while we cut Medicaid. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The question is on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 89, nays 9, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 220 Leg.] YEAS—89 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—9 
Booker Gillibrand Harris Hirono Lee Markey Merkley Sanders Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt Menendez 
The amendment (No. 1144) was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.047 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6523 October 18, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the votes following this first vote—the one we just fin-ished—be 10 minutes in length, all of the rest of them. Actually, there is a request for 5 minutes in length. We doubt that we can do it in 10, but the unanimous consent request is for 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1119 
Under the previous order, there will be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amend-ment No. 1119, offered by the Senator from Wyoming, Mr. E
NZI, for the Sen-ator from Vermont, Mr. S
ANDERS . The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator C
ANT-
WELL be added as a cosponsor to amendment No. 1119 and that Senator S
TABENOW be added as a cosponsor to amendment No. 1120. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this amendment says no to the cutting of $1 trillion from Medicaid and forcing 15 million Americans off the health insur-ance they currently have, while at the same time providing a $1.9 trillion tax break to the top 1 percent. This is not what the American people want; it is what the billionaire class wants. I make the radical suggestion that maybe we listen to ordinary Americans and not just wealthy campaign contrib-utors. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. This amendment would increase man-datory spending and taxes each by more than $1 trillion. I understand my colleagues are concerned about Med-icaid. I want to assure them that this budget is focused on preserving Med-icaid for those who need it most, but in order to preserve Medicaid, we must also be honest about its fiscal trajec-tory. The status quo for Medicaid is simply unsustainable. Not only are Medicaid outcomes lackluster, the pro-gram is on a path toward bankrupting our States. The budget before us puts Medicaid on a more sustainable path. Critics argue that this budget pays for tax relief through cuts to Medicaid. I want to clarify that. This budget does not rely on savings from Medicaid to achieve tax reform. In fact, the eco-nomic growth attributed to reforming the Tax Code will help improve Medic-aid’s fiscal health. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. BLUNT ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 47, nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 221 Leg.] YEAS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt Menendez 
The amendment (No. 1119) was re-jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1150 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 1150, offered by the Senator from Wyo-ming, Mr. E
NZI, for the Senator from Florida, Mr. N
ELSON . The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, before Medicare, one-half of senior citizens in this country did not have any healthcare, health insurance. Medicare changed that. So why in the world would we want to cut $473 billion from Medicare? It does not make sense. My amendment simply restores that cut and replaces it with eliminating a number of tax loopholes. It is a simple amendment. Save Medicare. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. It sounds like something simple. It is aimed at ending the budget resolution. This budget does not cut Medicare, and it does not provide tax breaks for the wealthy. It does not protect special in-terest tax loopholes. Also, anything that we do here has to be completed in other committees in order to ever hap-pen. This budget does slow Medicare’s pro-jected annual rate of growth by ap-proximately 1 percent in comparison to the CBO’s baseline. The CBO estimates that Medicare’s hospital insurance trust fund will become exhausted prior to the end of the budget window of 2025, at which point it will no longer be able to pay full benefits to seniors. This budget resolution protects Medicare by extending the life of the trust fund. It also establishes a path toward pro- growth tax reform, which will generate additional economic growth in Medi-care. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. BLUNT ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 47, nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 222 Leg.] YEAS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt Menendez 
The amendment (No. 1150) was re-jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1146 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.049 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6524 October 18, 2017 
minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote in relation to amend-ment No. 1146, offered by the Senator from Wyoming, Mr. E
NZI, for the Sen-ator from Nevada, Mr. H
ELLER . The Senator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of Heller amendment No. 1146. Amendment No. 1146 provides tax relief for families with children. This week we are setting in motion one of my top legislative priorities in the Senate; that is, to bring tax relief to American families. For decades, Nevadans have been waiting for an affordable and fair tax code that they can understand, and I have long said that the Tax Code is too costly and too complex. We need to simplify our code in a way that creates jobs and allows Nevadans to keep more of their hard-earned tax dollars. With this budget, we are taking an enormous first step in providing meaningful re-lief to Nevadans and middle-class fami-lies across the Nation. Under our leadership and thanks to the work of the chairman of the Budget Committee, we are finally in a place where we can provide real, meaningful tax relief for all of America. As a mem-ber of the Senate Finance Committee, I have been working with my colleagues to craft a tax bill that accomplishes three major goals. The first is to create more jobs; No. 2 is to increase wages; and, finally, No. 3 is to boost American competitiveness. So the question is, What does tax re-form mean to an average Nevadan who works hard and is trying to provide a better life for themselves and for their children? It means you can keep more of your hard-earned paycheck, and it will be easier for you to file your taxes, less paperwork, more money. Lower rates for businesses mean more jobs, they mean higher wages, and they mean growth in our communities, all of which will benefit you. As the son of a school cook and an auto mechanic, I understand discipline and hard work—all of it—that goes into every dollar and every paycheck, and I am working to see that we have more of it in your back pocket. That is why my amendment is absolutely crit-ical, because it delivers this des-perately needed relief and lets the mid-dle-class families keep more of their hard-earned paychecks, helping them make ends meet and invest in their families. For too long, American families have been struggling with stagnant wages and incomes, as well as slow economic growth made worse by the policies of the Obama administration. In infla-tion-adjusted terms, nationwide me-dian household incomes stayed below what it was in 2007 all the way up to 2015. Last year, it was only $890 more than it was in 2007. In my home State of Nevada, the situation is even worse. Median household income still hasn’t fully recovered and is $7,000 lower today than it was in 2007. Tax relief for families with children, through an enhanced child tax credit, for example, will help begin to address the financial insecurities facing Amer-ican families and will help families confront the rising cost of raising chil-dren. Expansion of the child tax credit will help hard-working, middle-class families in many ways, allowing them to keep more of their hard-earned in-come to use for the needs of their fami-lies and for their children. I urge everyone in this Chamber to support children, I urge them to sup-port middle-class families, and I urge them to support my amendment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, if we support children and we have the high-est rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth, we will vote against this budget resolution, but I have no problems with Senator H
ELL-
ER’s amendment. What I do want to do is spend a mo-ment on the amendment that will come up next, and that is that it would es-tablish a 60-vote budget point of order to prevent the top 1 percent of Ameri-cans—people who are doing phenome-nally well—from receiving any future tax cuts. It is not a radical idea to sug-gest that at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, when the people on top are doing unbelievably well, at a time when the middle class is shrink-ing, now is not the time to provide hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the very wealthiest families in this country. Under the Republican proposal with the repeal of the estate tax, the Walton family—wealthiest family in Amer-ica—would get up to a $50 billion tax break. Does anybody think that is vaguely sane? The Koch brothers, who have enough money to spend hundreds of millions of dollars electing right-wing candidates, will get a $30 billion tax break. I think the American people have been very clear, in poll after poll, say-ing not only do they not want to give tax breaks to billionaires but they cor-rectly believe the wealthiest people in this country should start paying their fair share of taxes. Today the United States has more in-come and wealth inequality than at any time since the 1920s. Today the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. Twenty people in America own as much wealth as the bottom half of our country. According to a recent study by the Federal Reserve, the top 1 percent now own 39 percent of the Nation’s wealth while the bottom 60 percent own just 3 percent. Since the Wall Street crash a decade ago, 52 percent of all new in-come has gone to the top 1 percent. If there was ever a time in American his-tory not to be cutting Medicaid and Medicare and giving huge tax breaks to the 1 percent, this is that moment. I ask support for this amendment. I think Senator W
YDEN wanted to say a word. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, very briefly, I strongly support this amend-ment, colleagues. The point of this is, this is an amend-ment that does what the President says he wants to do, which is not give relief to the people at the top, but the reality is, when you look at their pro-posal, it really does drive much of the wealth in America to those at the very top. The Sanders amendment is to ensure that people at the top of the top don’t get relief. We get it to working fami-lies and the vulnerable. I urge col-leagues to strongly support this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. BLUNT ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 98, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 223 Leg.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt Menendez 
The amendment (No. 1146) was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1120 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.051 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6525 October 18, 2017 
minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote in relation to amend-ment No. 1120, offered by the Senator from Wyoming, Mr. E
NZI, for the Sen-ator from Vermont, Mr. S
ANDERS . The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this is a very simple and straightforward amendment. It would establish a 60- vote budget point of order to prevent the top 1 percent of Americans, people who are doing phenomenally well, from receiving any future tax cuts. At a time of massive income and wealth inequality in this country, when the very rich are becoming richer while most Americans are seeing a de-cline in their standard of living, this is not the time to give tax breaks to peo-ple who don’t need them. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the Sanders- Wyden amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, for the ben-efit of my colleagues, this next vote will be the last roll call vote of the day. Senator C
OLLINS has graciously agreed to do a voice vote on her amend-ment. On this amendment, though, I am going to urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. We should not pre-judge the Finance Committee’s consid-eration of tax reform but allow the bill to go through regular order, where it will be open to amendment. This amendment is corrosive to the budget resolution privilege. It falls outside the scope of what is appro-priate for inclusion. Adoption of corrosive amendments could be fatal to the resolution’s privi-lege, and loss of privilege could com-promise our ability to pass tax reform and enforce the budget spending limits. Further, this amendment is also non-germane. The Congressional Budget Act requires that amendments to a budget resolution be germane. It is a statutory requirement we can’t ignore. So I raise a point of order against this amendment under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, section 305(b)(2). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 46, nays 52, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 224 Leg.] YEAS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 46, the nays are 52. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1151 
Under the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote on amendment No. 1151, offered by the Senator from Wyoming, Mr. E
NZI, for the Senator from Maine, Ms. C
OLLINS . The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, there has been a great deal of discussion about what the appropriate tax rate should be for large corporations—so- called C corps. That certainly is impor-tant because we want to make sure that those large businesses are cre-ating jobs here in the United States and not overseas in order to take ad-vantage of lower tax rates. But let us not forget the importance of providing tax relief for our small businesses. It is our small businesses that create the majority of new jobs in this country and that are really the economic engines for so many of our communities. Small businesses make an outsized contribution to our Nation’s economy. According to the Small Business Ad-ministration, they employ nearly half of all workers and generate two out of three net new jobs each year. Nation-wide, small businesses generate nearly half of our private nonfarm GDP and one-third of our Nation’s export value. My State of Maine is truly a State of small businesses. Sixty percent of our workforce—that is, nearly 300,000 of our residents—are employed by more than 141,000 small businesses. I spoke at length earlier about the amendment, and I know that the chair-man of the Budget Committee has a lot of work to do tonight. So I won’t re-peat the comments I made earlier. Let me just say that my amendment would create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to support small business tax relief while preventing wealthy taxpayers from sheltering income from taxation at the appropriate rate. We want to have some guide rails. But it is important that we recognize that it is the small businesses of America that are the true job creators in so many of our commu-nities. I urge our colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. President, I request a voice vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the amendment? If not, the question is on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 1151) was agreed to. Ms. COLLINS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I thank the chairman of the Budget Committee for his cooperation and sup-port as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, it is probably not surprising but, unfortu-nately, so far Democrats have shown little disposition to work with Repub-licans on tax reform legislation, de-spite the fact that parts of our plan, like lowering corporate tax rates and switching to a territorial tax system, have been supported by Democrats as well as Republicans. One particular aspect of the Repub-lican plan that Democrats have been taking aim at lately is our plan to re-peal the death tax. They complain that it is not something to really worry about, since, they claim, relatively few estates actually have to pay the tax. One of my Democratic colleagues re-leased a report detailing some of the ways people try to avoid the death tax. From the tone of the press release and report, one would think that anyone trying to avoid the estate tax was a multibillionaire and a tax cheat—and greedy, to boot. But I can tell you, the actual situation is very different. Of course there are wealthy individ-uals who try to reduce or eliminate their death tax liability. After all, who wants to be taxed a second or third time on money they have earned dur-ing their lifetime that they could be passing down to their children or grandchildren? There are also a lot of small business owners and owners of family farms and ranches who have to spend tens of thousands of dollars a year trying to avoid the death tax in order to preserve their family business for another gen-eration. Many of the farmers and ranchers in my State know that with-out careful and costly planning, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.055 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6526 October 18, 2017 
Federal Government will come around after their death demanding a stag-gering 40 percent of their estate and that their children won’t have the money to pay without risking the farm or ranch. How does that work? Well, farming and ranching is a cash-poor business. Farmers and ranchers may own valu-able land, but they are only earning cash on the crops they grow or the live-stock they raise on that land. Thus, while their overall farm or ranch may have a substantial value, the amount of money they have coming in is rel-atively small and subject to the swings in the market from year to year. Frequently, when farmers and ranch-ers die, the vast portion of their estate is made up of their land, while actual cash or liquid assets are a very small part of it. If they don’t take measures to avoid having their family hit by the death tax, the family will have no choice but to sell off the land to pay the government, which means losing income-generating property or the family’s farm or ranch overall. Family-owned businesses across the country face the same situation, where the value of the estate is tied up in the business. The threat of the death tax is a con-stant burden hanging over the heads of farmers and ranchers in my State who want nothing more than to be able to pass on the family farm or ranch to the next generation. That brings me to a larger point—the need to simplify our current Tax Code, which is one of the five principles guid-ing Republicans’ tax reform efforts. Our Tax Code is long, and it is com-plicated. It is almost twice as long as it was in 1985 and nearly six times as long as it was in 1955. The instructions for the basic 1040 form alone are more than 100 pages long, and it is no surprise. The Tax Code is full of deductions, ex-emptions, and special rules, all of which amount to unnecessary com-plication and, too often, confusion. Take education tax benefits, an area of concern for middle-class families. Currently, there are more than a dozen separate tax provisions relating to edu-cation, from the American opportunity tax credit to 529 savings accounts. Of course, these provisions come with ap-proximately 100 pages of IRS instruc-tions, special forms, and schedules, not to mention the professional tax pre-parer whom too many families have to hire to figure it all out. Then there are small businesses, which have to navigate a bewildering mass of tax provisions and regulations but often don’t have the money to hire the professional help they need. I think it is fair to say that a big reason some small businesses fail to get off the ground is because they lack the re-sources that would enable them to deal with the Tax Code, Then, of course, as I mentioned be-fore, there is that other bane of small businesses and family farms and ranches; that is, again, the death tax. The death tax forces farmers and ranchers to invest a significant amount of time and money in complex estate plans, insurance, and expensive tax professionals so they can preserve their farm or ranch for their children. According to a recent survey by Family Enterprise USA, of those indi-cating that they undertook estate- planning efforts, the average planning cost in 2016 was more than $170,000, and that doesn’t include the average cost of insurance to pay for the death tax, which was $75,000 a year. Those are simply wasted resources that could be used to reinvest back into the business, create new jobs, and increase wages— all of which would help us achieve the kind of economic growth we have been lacking for the past 8 years. Republicans don’t think farmers and ranchers should have to spend tens of thousands of dollars a year to preserve their farm or ranch for their children. We don’t think families should have to hire a tax preparer to file a basic in-come tax form. We don’t think it should cost small businesses between $15 billion and $16 billion each year to comply with the Tax Code. We don’t think you should have to be an ac-countant to figure out what tax deduc-tions, exemptions, or credits you qual-ify for. We don’t think the Tax Code should prevent Americans from start-ing a small business or expanding an existing business to provide more jobs or higher wages for their employees. So the comprehensive tax reform bill we are currently drafting will simplify the Tax Code. It will eliminate loopholes and special rules and dedicate those savings to easing the tax burden on hard-working families and small busi-nesses. It will drastically ease the tax return process, with the hope of mak-ing it as easy for Americans to file their taxes as it is to fill out a post-card. It will eliminate the death tax so that family-owned businesses, farms, and ranches in my home State of South Dakota and around the country can focus their dollars on growing their businesses, not paying for tax profes-sionals to preserve it. Our bill will simplify and streamline tax benefits so that you don’t need to hire a tax professional to figure out which education or home ownership or other tax benefits you qualify for. So it is disappointing that our Democratic colleagues are so hostile to the idea of working with Republicans that they are passing on the chance to join us to provide the American people with un-precedented relief from our antiquated and overgrown Tax Code. The single most important thing we can do for Americans struggling with stagnant wages and a dearth of oppor-tunities is to pass comprehensive tax reform. By reforming our Tax Code, we can provide the American people with more and better paying jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks. Most im-portantly, we can do this for the long term. I hope Democrats will rethink their opposition and join us as we work to provide the American people with the relief that they have been waiting for and that they deserve. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
LAS VEGAS STRONG  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise today still in shock, still in mourning over the events of October 1, when 58 people—some of them Nevadans, many of them visitors to our State—were brutally gunned down by a madman on the Las Vegas Strip. In addition to those horrible deaths, almost 500 people were injured. Many of them face long roads to physical re-covery and an even longer and more painful road to emotional recovery. I know I speak for all of my Senate col-leagues in praying for them and wish-ing them the quickest recovery pos-sible. This madman’s actions devastated our city, but I rise today to tell you that the sense of devastation is being replaced by a renewed sense of commu-nity, a renewed sense of family, of unity, of faith, and a renewed sense of strength. I have had the honor of expe-riencing it firsthand in the eyes and the voices of those who survived and those who chose to stay in harm’s way to help each other when they could have fled to safety. I have heard and seen this renewed sense of community and strength in the faces of our first responders, none of whom have ever en-countered anything as horrific as the carnage of October 1 but who plunged into danger to save lives. Because? Be-cause that is what they do. I had the privilege of meeting a Las Vegas police officer, Sergeant Jona-than Riddle, who was stationed a block from the shooting scene doing traffic work. When he first heard the popping noises, like most of the concertgoers, he thought it was fireworks, but the second volley told him otherwise, and his training kicked in. He grabbed his rifle and he sprinted toward the chaos. Keep in mind, this police officer knew, through his training, that heavy-cal-iber bullets were being fired and that his protective vest would not stop them. He also knew his rifle was use-less because the shots were coming from the Mandalay Bay, and he couldn’t shoot at the hotel for fear of hitting an innocent bystander. So he was, for all intents and purposes, de-fenseless. He knew it, but he ran any-way. He ran toward the violence. He ran toward it with one purpose, to help in any way he could. It is almost not fair to single him out because dozens of metro police officers did the same thing, and firefighters, paramedics, and ambulance drivers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.057 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6527 October 18, 2017 
also. It was not just professional first responders who emerged as true heroes on October 1. Taylor Winston, a ma-rine, was just trying to enjoy the con-cert that night, but when the bullets started raining down, he was driven by his training, his instincts, his compas-sion for his fellow human beings. He helped several people over a fence where they took cover, but he realized the danger wasn’t over. Looking around, he spotted a pickup truck with a long bed. He borrowed the truck. I use the term ‘‘borrowed’’ loosely. He loaded the back of it with injured peo-ple and rushed them to the hospital, but he wasn’t done. He made a return trip, loaded the pickup again with wounded individuals and got them to the hospital. Jack Beaton’s last act on Earth was one of sacrifice and heroism. He draped himself over his wife, protecting her from the deadly bullets. He told her he loved her, then was hit and died in her arms. Jonathan Smith shouted warnings when he realized what was happening, but when some people were too stunned to move toward safety, Jonathan moved toward them, getting them out of the line of fire. That is when Jona-than himself was hit. He survived but will likely always have a bullet lodged in his neck. It is a painful reminder of his heroics, but I hope it will also re-mind him of the people he saved. John, a cab driver, accelerated to-ward the screams and the chaos and shouted for a frightened group of girls to jump into his cab, and he drove them to safety. Then John turned around and drove back to the shooting scene and transported another group to safety. In all, John possibly saved 11 lives. There was a woman at the concert, a respiratory therapist, who had her cell phone shattered by a bullet while the cell phone was still in her hand. Shards of hard plastic tore through her hand and embedded in her skin. What did she do? She pulled the shards out of her hand, bandaged herself up, and rushed to the hospital where she worked to try to help other people more badly in-jured. At our local hospitals, doctors and nurses worked miracles around the clock. When operating rooms were not available, they treated the wounded in hallways. Surrounded by shouting, cry-ing, chaos, and blood, they saved one life after another after another. Their skill, their composure, their dedication to saving lives was stronger that night than the evil intentions of the madman with a rifle. I was walking the hallway of one of our hospitals with the hospital’s CEO when a woman rushed toward him, grabbed him by the arm, and through tears and sobs, thanked him for the work his staff had done. Her niece had been wounded, but she was heading home. She said she could never thank the hospital staff enough. In the aftermath, the community banded together to provide every re-source possible to the victims and their families. The Las Vegas Convention Center’s South Hall was dedicated to family reunification and support serv-ices. Airlines answered the call to pro-vide free flights to the families of vic-tims. Hotels and casinos across Las Vegas offered free rooms. The Amer-ican Red Cross partnered with the Mi-rage to host a blood drive. Millions of dollars have been raised by local busi-nesses and people across the country to support the victims. The employees of Mandalay Bay and other MGM resort properties were un-derstandably stricken and horrified by the shooting, but they too asked how they could help. Instead of being frozen by their shock and grief, they mobi-lized—donating blood, offering help to the families of the victims, organizing memorials, and otherwise coming to-gether as a team, motivated by com-passion and selflessness and providing comfort and solace. True leaders have emerged in the wake of this tragedy. My friend Sheriff Joe Lombardo, head of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, has been steadfast in this crisis. He will al-ways be remembered as a rock-solid presence when our city most needed one. Let me say this for the world to hear. Our great city will not cower in fear because of this horrible act. We will mourn, we will heal, we will comfort each other, and we will pray, but make no mistake about it, Las Vegas is open for business. Las Vegas will not simply go on, but we will thrive. So come to Las Vegas, and maybe come away with a greater appreciation of what our city, our people are all about. From the blood and the horror, the terror, the carnage of October 1, Las Vegas has risen. We have never shied away from our image as a city of entertainment. Our hospitality defines us, but the world has now seen a side much more pro-found—something we have always seen—and that is a home, a family, a community of people who will stand by each other during the darkest mo-ments, a community of people bound by faith who will stand in the face of danger to protect a neighbor, a friend, a family member, or someone they have never met. Everyone around the world has heard of Las Vegas. The very name conjures images almost immediately. Its sky-line cannot be mistaken for any other. Yet prior to October 1, almost no one knew the true Las Vegas, the Las Vegas we are seeing now, a city that responds to cowardly violence with love and compassion for each other, a city that responds to hatred with faith and strength. ‘‘Las Vegas Strong’’ is a slogan we are now seeing on billboards, marquees, and T-shirts, but behind that slogan is a true story of true strength. It is a story of a city grow-ing, emerging, and becoming closer and more united. A deranged man with a rifle brought death and carnage and terror to Las Vegas, but today Las Vegas stands stronger. Las Vegas stands unafraid. Las Vegas’s true identity has been re-vealed, and it is one of compassion and one of heroism. It is my hope that we will honor the memory of those lost by holding on to the sense of unity and family that has emerged since October 1 and that we will, all of us, continue to be Las Vegas Strong. May God bless the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and may God bless the United States of America. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, as the newest Senator from the Silver State, I am humbled to serve and rep-resent my fellow Nevadans. We Nevad-ans are very proud of our State, its people, and the spirit of self-reliance and community that guides us every single day. We are proud of the vast-ness and beauty of our rural counties and the energy and diversity of our cit-ies, such as Reno and my hometown, Las Vegas. When I was preparing to deliver my maiden speech before this body, my in-tention was to honor the Silver State’s history and people, as well as share the issues I had planned to fight for while I am here in Congress—issues that matter to hard-working Nevadans. That speech was meant to celebrate Nevada’s founding and values, to de-clare the basic right of every indi-vidual to education and affordable healthcare, to remind my colleagues of the dignity of equality and the right to marry whomever you love. That speech was meant to proclaim the dignity of women and their right to make their own health choices, to defend the right of immigrants and Dreamers to live in our country without fear, and to call on this body to fight for American val-ues, including diversity and inclusion. That speech was meant to demand that our country’s leaders respect every American, regardless of the color of their skin or how they choose to wor-ship. Unfortunately, my maiden speech on the floor of this body will instead talk about mass murder. Today I want to recognize the courage of heroes and first responders and honor the wounded and those murdered. I want to recog-nize the fundamental dignity of every American in this age of violence, ran-cor, and ignorance, the dignity of Americans not to be slaughtered by other Americans just for walking out-side and attending a conference. With over 43 million visitors per year, Las Vegas prides itself on warmly welcoming people from all around the world to revel in what we have to offer. Hospitality, in every sense of the word, defines who we are. When travelers come to Las Vegas, they plan to enjoy themselves in the company of loved ones and friends and become a part of our Nevada family. On October 1, a man attacked that family by smashing two windows in his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.058 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6528 October 18, 2017 
32nd floor hotel suite and unleashing a barrage of bullets onto 22,000 people at-tending the Route 91 Harvest music festival. In 10 minutes, 58 innocent peo-ple were massacred, and more than 500 people were injured. At first, concertgoers confused the rapid gunfire for fireworks. The grim realization that repetitive bursts were not fireworks but bullets, came as those in the crowd began to collapse, one after another, and blood began to stain the ground. This was a concert on the Las Vegas Strip, but it looked more like a battlefield. These were in-nocent people. The human cost of this atrocious act of terrorism is incalculable. Children lost parents. Parents lost children. Friends lost friends. Those who sur-vived the ordeal must not only heal from physical wounds but cope with the mental scars that will haunt them forever. I will never forget the stories I heard walking through our hospitals and meeting with our first responders and those recovering from their wounds. Entire emergency room and hallway floors were stained with blood. A recov-ery room in one of our hospitals was turned into a makeshift morgue. A vic-tim’s phone rang continuously with calls from her father, who would soon learn that she would never be coming home. There is one life story cut short for each of the 58 people killed that night. We have come to learn their stories— stories of sacrifice, of courage, and of love. A young man died after taking the bullets that would have ended his girlfriend’s life. A security guard was killed on the job. As bullets ripped through the night sky and bodies began falling to the ground, he took responsi-bility for keeping the public safe by di-recting the panicked crowd. He made the ultimate sacrifice—protecting oth-ers. With approximately 2 million resi-dents, the Las Vegas area is not a small town, but this tragedy has shown just how strong and connected our community is. It goes beyond Las Vegas. There are so many communities across this country that were injured by this tragedy in some way. Many of those killed and injured were visitors to Las Vegas. All Nevadans grieve for those dead and are doing what they can to help the survivors. Mr. R
OGERS has a timeless quote: 
Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping. 
As we embrace others and the fami-lies of those wounded and those mur-dered, we also recognize so many in the community who helped. Even in the middle of the attack, there were help-ers who shielded strangers from bullets and helpers who led people out of the concert venue. There were helpers who plugged strangers’ bullet wounds with their fingers. There were helpers like Jonathan. Despite receiving a gunshot wound to the neck, Jonathan saved the lives of 30 people by leading them out of the venue and aiding them in taking cover. He did this even after losing sight of his own family. Jonathan later said: ‘‘I decided I’m not going to leave anybody behind.’’ There were helpers like Taylor, an Iraq war veteran, who turned a parked utility van into an ambulance. After climbing a fence as he fled the gunfire, he came across the vehicle, and he knew what he had to do. Before first responders arrived, Taylor drove roughly 30 people to area hospitals. There were other helpers, like Tami, also an Iraq war veteran, who stayed behind to help victims on the ground. Tami used her ER nursing experience to triage those who were immobile be-cause of their injuries. Despite her best efforts, Tami couldn’t save one young woman and had the heartbreaking task of telling a mother that her daughter was dead. Tami said: I’ll never forget that girl’s face. I had to tell the mom that her daughter had gone. 
In the toughest of circumstances, the promptness, efficiency, and profes-sionalism of Southern Nevada’s first responders and medical community saved many lives and ensured that this tragedy did not escalate into a further loss of life. Andrew, an ambulance dispatcher, calmly and purposefully directed his team despite it being his first day in his new role. There were doctors across our valley who did not need a call to rush to our hospitals to help. There were nurses who stayed long past their shifts to help care for and comfort the wounded, and our police officers and firefighters ran toward the bullets to help. These first responders, doctors, and nurses knew some of the people they were helping. The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, Clark County Fire De-partment, American Medical Response, MedicWest Ambulance, Community Ambulance, University Medical Center, Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center, The Valley Health System, and Dignity Health deserve our deepest thanks for their valor and their unmatched brav-ery. I also honor and thank the Red Cross and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, which brought mobile units to our hospitals, and the volunteer men-tal health counselors who came from all over the country to help provide comfort and support. I will never forget their dedication as our community grappled with this senseless tragedy. In the days that followed, our com-munity’s compassionate response showed the world who we are as Las Vegans. So many unnamed heroes in our community stood for hours in line to donate blood. They came to the fam-ily reunification center and gave food and water and clothing—whatever they could—to help families and those who were wounded. Artists and volunteers created beautiful memorials and pray-erful spaces for honor and grief. Local businesses, as well as airlines like Alle-giant and Southwest and medical pro-viders like The Valley Health System, MedicWest, and American Medical Re-sponse, made sure that the families of the slain as well as the wounded were provided help, support, and relief from medical bills and travel costs. In less than a week, dedicated volunteers built a beautiful remembrance wall and planted a healing garden for all of us to express our grief, reflect, and to re-member. Our city also received an outpouring of support and solidarity from count-less fellow Americans, State govern-ments, and foreign embassies. I was personally touched by the outpouring of support from my colleagues in this Chamber, and I thank them for it. The people of Las Vegas came to-gether to heal and protect their com-munity, but they cannot do it all on their own. It has been difficult for all of us to understand the events of the past 2 weeks, but one thing is clear: We cannot stand by and do nothing. As a lifelong Las Vegan, I have never seen such a profound community re-sponse. In the midst of such horror, I am so proud of my community, and I continue to be amazed at the strength and spirit that will help move us for-ward. But they need our help. The time has come for the people in this room— all of us—to do our part to keep our communities safe. Over the past few weeks, I have heard my colleagues saying things like ‘‘no law could have stopped that’’ or ‘‘you can’t legislate away evil.’’ While that may be true, we are not helpless. When something bad happens, we can always take steps to understand what hap-pened and work together to find a way to stop a future tragedy. Listen, we cannot stop every shooting, but we can do something to prevent these sense-less mass murders. Just over a year ago, 49 people were murdered at a nightclub in Orlando— then, the deadliest shooting in modern history. My hometown of Las Vegas has now broken that record with 58 men and women being murdered by 1 man with multiple guns that were rigged for combat. This is a horrific distinction to bear. Will we stand by and wait for the next community to break that record? In our communities every day, Amer-icans make commonsense decisions to protect their health and safety. They lock their doors. They set their alarms. They go to their doctors for annual check-ups. They wear seatbelts. After the worst attack on American soil on September 11, 2001, we reshaped the way we protect our country and our way of life. Now, in the wake of the worst mass shooting in modern American history, I am calling on my colleagues to work with me to take reasonable, concrete steps to reduce the likelihood of an-other senseless shooting massacre on American soil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.059 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6529 October 18, 2017 
Do not get me wrong. The people of Las Vegas are grateful to have the thoughts and prayers of nearly every Member of Congress, but thoughts and prayers alone are not enough. Now it is time for action—meaningful action—to prevent mass murders. Let me be very clear. This is not about taking away guns. I grew up in a family of gun owners and hunters. My father was a member of Ducks Unlim-ited. I have family members who are avid sportsmen, including an uncle who was a member of the Nevada Bighorns Unlimited. My husband is a retired Se-cret Service agent. We are proud gun owners. I believe that Americans have the right to own guns. But with the right to own a gun comes a shared responsibility to ensure that weapons do not fall into the hands of dangerous people. The right to own a gun must be balanced by the right of every American to be able to go out in public without having the fear that he will be shot and killed at a church, in a movie theater, in a classroom, in a nightclub, on a baseball field, or at a concert. The right to own a gun is im-portant, and equally important is the right not to be killed by someone who has no business owning a gun. The Second Amendment calls for gun ownership in defense of the security of America, not to terrorize its citizens. Congress has the responsibility to keep weapons that are designed for our mili-tary out of the hands of mass mur-derers. When we took office, each of us swore an oath to protect and defend the U.S. Constitution. That means that we are sworn to protect the lives and liberty of the American people. Are we keeping that promise? If there are commonsense, reason-able, proven steps that we can take to keep innocent people from dying at the hands of mass murderers, why wouldn’t we take them? Why wouldn’t we pass legislation that the majority of Ameri-cans supports? Why wouldn’t we ban the tools used to kill and injure almost 600 people in the space of 10 minutes? Many place blame with the strength of organizations like the National Rifle Association and other allied interest groups. Yet a recent poll finds that 93 percent of voters in gun households support universal background checks. Count me as part of that 93 percent. Congress is not going to repeal the Sec-ond Amendment, but its Members need to find the courage to be honest that there is a problem. I echo my colleague Senator C
HRIS M
URPHY of Connecticut, who gave his maiden speech on this very same topic in 2013, right after the horrific mas-sacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School. He said that he never expected to find himself talking about guns in his maiden speech, but the issue of gun violence found him. I am devastated to say that the issue of gun violence found me too. It found the city of Las Vegas along with finding everyone else in the State of Nevada. It has already found other Members of this body and their neighbors across the country. Like Senator MURPHY , I am making it my mission to prevent another trag-edy like this one from ever happening again. We should return to common-sense principles as we determine how to move forward. One, guns should not be available to people who are mentally ill, have a his-tory of violence, or are suspected ter-rorists. Two, everyone who buys a firearm should undergo a background check— no exceptions for people who buy from online retailers, gun shows, or private dealers. We cannot enforce our laws if we are not running background checks to determine who is trying to buy a firearm. Three, certain military-style acces-sories that are necessary for war zones simply do not need to be in our com-munities. As Members of this body are aware, the mass shooting in my hometown was made all the more lethal because of what is referred to as a bump stock—a tool that is designed to turn a semiautomatic rifle into an even dead-lier weapon in order to kill as many people as possible and rain gunfire down on 22,000 concertgoers. This Chamber should speak in a unified voice that these tools do not belong in our country. This has nothing to do with infringing on the Second Amend-ment rights of law-abiding gun owners. You do not need a bump stock to hunt unless you are hunting people. If we do nothing now, there will be more mas-sacres. We will see more fathers with-out daughters, more mothers without sons, and more sisters without broth-ers. The time has come to ask ourselves: Who will really be at fault the next time something like this happens? Will it be the deranged killer who used a loophole to get his hands on a deadly weapon or the people who failed to close that loophole when they had the chance? My colleagues are right in that we cannot legislate away mental illness, and we cannot legislate away evil, but we can legislate to prevent murder. We can take smart, sensible steps to keep Americans safe. We can work together with gun owners and citizens against gun violence to make Americans safer. To my colleagues who are undecided, I invite you to come to the hospitals with me in Las Vegas. Hear from the people who came to Las Vegas for a night of fun and country music and who will have to live with emotional and physical scars for the rest of their lives. Hear from Dana, who will never see her fiance again. Hear from Lindsey, who will never see her sister again. Hear from Hannah’s three children, who will never see their mother again. I spent much of the last 2 weeks talk-ing with families of those who were wounded or killed. That Monday night after the massacre, I remember hug-ging a mother and father who were looking for their 26-year-old daughter at the family reunification center. They had gone to all of the area hos-pitals with the hope that they might find their daughter alive. Their final hope that night, if you want to call it that, was waiting in the reunification center for the call from the coroner’s office to see if their daughter’s body had been identified. It so easily could have been my fam-ily, frantically searching, waiting, and grieving in that center. My niece was at that concert. The people of Las Vegas responded to the worst tragedy our city has ever seen with unprecedented bravery, self-lessness, and compassion. We are Vegas Strong. It is long past time for Congress to follow their example and the example of so many other communities in our country touched by this violence and, finally, to summon the strength to get something done and reduce gun vio-lence in America. Let’s not ignore the lives of those murdered or those wounded. Let’s actu-ally come together and agree that we must do something to honor all of the daughters, mothers, sons, fathers, sis-ters, brothers, and friends we have al-ready lost to senseless gun violence. It is time for us to move beyond reso-lutions. We must now have a new re-solve to protect the basic freedom and safety of all Americans. Work with me. Reach out to my of-fice so that we can find common ground and finally offer the American people something more than just our thoughts and prayers. Let’s get some-thing done in honor of the loved ones who are still with us, the family mem-bers and friends we would do anything to protect, the people in our lives we could not bear to lose. I ask my colleagues to work with me. Work with me to prevent this from ever happening again. Mr. President, thank you for listen-ing. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I want to recognize the articulate, thoughtful, and passionate comments that have just been delivered by the Senator from Nevada. She has already served so ef-fectively on committees and effectively on legislation, and now she brings her voice here to this Senate Chamber, where, over the history of our country, so many important conversations and dialogues have taken place, wrestling with the challenges we have and look-ing for the path to build the future we desire. So I welcome her. Of course, she has been here for some time now, but I welcome her now, being a part of the dialogue in this Chamber, which is an honor and something that is granted to only a few people in our Nation to come and to voice the concerns of our fellow Americans, of our home State constituents, striving to persuade col-leagues to join in the effort to make our Nation and this world a better place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.060 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6530 October 18, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
CHILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I know we are in the middle of a discus-sion and certainly a debate right now about a budget resolution, and, obvi-ously, I participated in discussions of how concerned I am about the prior-ities in the budget resolution. I think the people of Michigan and the country deserve a better deal. But while we are doing that, the clock is ticking on some very, very im-portant programs where we actually have bipartisan support in committee. I want to thank Chairman H
ATCH and the Finance Committee, working with me and working with our ranking member, Senator W
YDEN , for moving forward last week on a 5-year reauthor-ization of the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, or what we call CHIP. The problem is this. Even though we passed it with only one negative vote and we had a strong bipartisan vote coming to the floor, my concern is that we have gone on to tax cuts. We are going on to a bill that includes Med-icaid cuts and Medicare cuts and other debates. Yet we have this bipartisan ef-fort that needs to get done because the funding ended September 30. It has been 18 days and counting. We will be counting these days because it has been 18 days since the Children’s Health Insurance Program was stopped being funded. I am very concerned about this. I as-sumed that once we had agreement, we would be able to move something very quickly. It is deeply concerning to me that we are now in a situation where it is 18 days. Tomorrow it will be 19 days, and then we go into the weekend, and yet we are not seeing the Children’s Health Insurance Program funded. There are 9 million children in our country. These are low-income working families who are not able to have the confidence of knowing that health in-surance will be there for them. CHIP has been an extremely successful pro-gram. In Michigan we call it MIChild, and we have about 100,000 children who are able to get health services because of MIChild. This means moms and dads go to bed at night and don’t have to say a little prayer—please, God, don’t let the kids get sick—because they know they are going to be able to take them to the doctor. This has traditionally been a bipar-tisan bill. As I have said, we have had great support on both sides of the aisle, but it is now out of committee, and we need to move it, and we need to make space on the calendar to be able to get this done. We also have something else that ended on September 30, and that is funding for our community health cen-ters. This is something else that has bi-partisan support. I want to thank my friend Senator R
OYBLUNT . He and I joined together. We have 70 Members of this body who have signed a letter to continue the funding for community health centers. The problem is, the funding ran out on September 30. The Federal funding ended on September 30. We are talking about 25 million fami-lies, children, 300,000 veterans, 7.5 mil-lion children all across the country. In many parts of rural Michigan, that is the primary way people are getting their healthcare, as well as in urban settings. Again, we have an agreement. We have talked about, now that the chil-dren’s health insurance bill is out of committee, having it on the floor and then having an amendment for health centers, moving that together, which is something we have done in the past. We have strong bipartisan support to do it, but it has been put to the side in favor of what is a very divisive process on a budget resolution and tax cuts and other issues. So I am imploring the leadership in the Senate to focus on something on which we all agree—at least the major-ity of us agree, the overwhelming ma-jority of us agree—and that is making sure the Children’s Health Insurance Program and community health cen-ters get funded as quickly as possible. This is something done through the States, this is locally driven, it meets all the tests that people talk about, and both of these programs are ex-tremely effective. In 2016 alone, Michigan’s community health centers diagnosed coronary heart disease in more than 21,000 peo-ple. There were 21,000 people who, if they hadn’t gotten that diagnosis, probably would have ended up in the emergency room—if they had been able to get to an emergency room before something fatal happened. Because we have community health centers from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to our urban areas, people were able to get the diagnosis and the help they needed. Nearly 34,000 Michigan residents learned that they had asthma and could treat that asthma, and children could get the treatment they need. Nearly 140,000 people were diagnosed with diabetes and could begin to man-age that so it didn’t become something incredibly serious and life-threatening. Health centers play a very important role. If we aren’t treating these kinds of things, they can be deadly if undiagnosed or untreated, so it is very important. I am worried that there is not the sense of urgency there needs to be here to continue the Children’s Health In-surance Program and the community health centers. I know that my Demo-cratic colleagues feel that we are ready and willing to, at any moment, stop the debate on a divisive budget resolu-tion, focus on something that has bi-partisan leadership and bipartisan sup-port, and let’s get that done. In Michigan, our 100,000 children who are able to see the doctor through MIChild get the medical care and den-tal and vision care that they need to be successful—to be successful in school, to be able to see the blackboard, to be able to read, to be able to hear, because they are getting the basic healthcare they need. Children shouldn’t have to strain to see the blackboard and get bad grades because they can’t get a simple eye exam, and that is what MIChild helps make happen. Children shouldn’t have to struggle to ignore a painful tooth because the family can’t afford to see a dentist. We have heard of horrible situ-ations where, because of abscesses, children have actually lost their lives. It is not necessary. This is something that is preventible, and we have a bi-partisan program, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, created with bipartisan leadership years ago, that can be continued and needs to be continued. Mr. President, I understand the de-bate on the floor about the budget. I understand the debate on tax reform. I want to see tax reform that simplifies the code and puts money in the pockets of hard-working families and small businesses and creates jobs. I mean, that is what I want to see happen. I also want to make sure, as we are de-bating right now how to do that and the differences in doing that—I would argue that what is in this budget bill does not do that, and I want to work on something that does. We have the clock ticking on 9 mil-lion children and their families whose health insurance funding stopped 18 days ago and community health cen-ters from small towns in the Upper Pe-ninsula of Michigan to the city of De-troit whose health center funding stopped 18 days ago. So I am going to keep counting. I hope I don’t have to count too high be-fore we can get this done because I know there is support here. I know there is support to do it, but it has to be a priority. There has to be a sense of urgency. Just like a parent who is up at 3 o’clock in the morning with a sick child has a sense of urgency about what they need to care for their child, we need to have that same sense of ur-gency here and do what I know we can do if we would just take the time, just take a few minutes to get it done. Mr. President, I hope that will hap-pen very soon. Thank you very much. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to talk about amendment No. 1141, which would raise a point of order against any provision that would strike State and local tax deductions. As we talk tonight about how our country moves forward economically and as we talk about what are the best ways to have tax fairness in America, I guarantee you, my constituents want to make sure they continue to be able to deduct their sales tax, their mort-gage deductions, and there are impor-tant policies that other States have for tax deductions. The State of Washington has been a leader—and I would match our State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.063 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6531 October 18, 2017 
as it relates to our tax code and effi-ciency, with just about any other State. For a long time, Washington and Oregon have had the most unique tax codes in the United States of America. Yet our economies have grown faster than the national average every year since World War II. So we are doing something right. So the fact that we don’t have an income tax in Wash-ington State and the fact that Wash-ingtonians, for many years, have been able to deduct our sales tax from our Federal tax obligations for income is something we are not interested in los-ing. What we are interested in is a fair debate about our Tax Code, an open process, and important discussion points of order if anybody tries to strip from us these very important tools. State and local tax deductions have been an important way in which our taxpayers make sure they are treated fairly. For us in Washington, as I said, many of our citizens use these itemized deductions because of the fact that we don’t have an income tax and we are able to deduct our sales tax from our Federal tax obligations. In fact, 30 per-cent of Washington resident tax-payers—1.1 million—itemize their taxes and claim an average State and local tax deduction of $7,402. These de-ductions put an average of $600 back into the pockets of Washingtonians each year. So any attempt by legisla-tion to try to erode that—particularly at a time when we also get a deduction on our property taxes as well—is some-thing critically important to our State. If legislation continues to move for-ward that repeals these deductions—I know our colleagues think they are doing good work by trying to simplify the Tax Code. In fact, they are saying: We are going to increase the standard deduction as a way to simplify the Tax Code. But for my Washington resi-dents—and, my guess is, for many other States that are in the same boat that don’t have an income tax—you lit-erally are going to penalize them and the efficiency of their tax code, which is so important. For example, 40 percent of tax filers who make between $50,000 and $75,000 claim this deduction, and 53 percent of taxpayers who make between $75,000 and $100,000 claim this deduction. So when my colleagues talk about dou-bling the deduction from $6,000 to $12,000 or from $12,000 to $24,000 for fam-ilies, I am sure they would like us to believe that somehow is going to make the residents of Washington State and our taxpayers whole. That is not the case. On average, Washingtonians in those brackets could actually end up paying more. Why? Well, first of all, we should realize that there are over 250,000 Washingtonians—that is the es-timate—who make more, in a joint fil-ing, than $150,000. So right there, these Washingtonians would be in a situation where, under this tax proposal, they would be paying more than they are currently paying because they are not allowed to itemize and they are not al-lowed to deduct. I don’t want to raise taxes on Washingtonians. In tight eco-nomic times, I don’t want to see them continue to see these deductions elimi-nated and have their tax bills go up. Washingtonians work very hard at trying to make and keep the efficiency. I know there are other States—such as Texas, Alaska, and Florida—that also don’t have an income tax. I know those States are probably struggling with the same policies and want to make sure they are making the same kinds of effi-ciencies. What we don’t want is the current Republican proposal to raise taxes on working families in Wash-ington State. We want to make sure these families continue to see the de-ductions they have had in the past. So how would this work exactly in Washington? Well, one of the things we are concerned about is the impact on the housing market. Without the de-duction for property—we do not want to see an increase in the price of hous-ing and fewer people being able to af-ford home ownership because they are no longer able to take this deduction. That would be something of grave con-cern to Washington residents. Also, we want to make sure that we continue to have these deductions for both singles and families of four, who would be impacted by this. For example, an average individual taxpayer making between $50,000 and $100,000 has an average total deduction of about $22,000. So this taxpayer would not benefit from increasing the stand-ard deduction to $12,000. The difference is that they now get $22,000 in their itemized deductions, and under this proposal, they would only be able to deduct $12,000 of that. Take a family who is making over $100,000. As I said, we have 250,000 filers in our State who make between $150,000 and $200,000. This income bracket on average claims a deduction of $30,000 from various State, local, mortgage interest, chari-table contributions, and medical ex-penses. This family also would not ben-efit from increasing the standard de-duction to $24,000. As I said, they are already deducting about $30,000. Literally, we are raising taxes on thousands and I would say probably hundreds of thousands of Washington residents. That is why I am offering this amendment. I want us to have a point of order and true discussion about any policy that would raise taxes on my residents in Washington State. We have to have a tax discussion that is about a fair and open process, a con-tinued dialogue about how to make sure that working families get a fair deal in a tax policy. But one policy that is jammed into a budget proposal and that then comes back to us for 51 votes, that literally eliminates our ability to itemize and deduct and gets rid of our sales deductions that we have fought so hard for, that we are so proud of as it relates to the individ-uality of how our State operates—we should not, with just 51 votes, cast a vote increasing the taxes on thousands and thousands of Washingtonians and, I would say, on many other States in our Nation. I hope our colleagues will take a close look at this. I hope they will help us in trying to make a point. Let’s not rush through a policy when we don’t know what the impacts are. Let’s get specific about what the impacts are and recognize that some of our States are the most ingenious as it relates to delivering great services at lower costs. I know some of my colleagues would like to say: There are these big States in the East, and here is how they oper-ate. Here is what they do in collecting various forms of revenue. Well, this Western State operates with a great deal of efficiency. Our residents have come to expect these sales tax deduc-tions and these mortgage deductions, and they want to keep them. They do not want to hear that there is a sleight of hand at the eleventh hour, not by a broad debate but a tactic that would jam them into a reconciliation bill be-cause of instructions and thereby have these thousands of dollars of tax in-creases foisted on them. I hope my colleagues will join me in this very important point of order that we will be offering in this amendment. Let’s have this discussion in broad day-light and not penalize innovative States that have different tax codes but have grown faster than the na-tional average and continue to do so. Let’s make sure that we have tax fair-ness for all residents of our country. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, for more than 30 years, we have seen political battles over the Arctic Refuge—with some wanting to open the area for oil and gas leasing and many others be-lieving that this pristine and eco-logically important area should be given the highest protections available under the law. This week the fate of the Arctic Wildlife Refuge is again being taken up by the Senate, this time as part of the budget process. There is no question that this is a di-visive issue, one that deserves to be de-bated in the Senate, not taken up as part of the budget process with little to no debate, but Republicans are insist-ing on ramming an attempt to open the Arctic Refuge to drilling through using a partisan process because they know they lack the bipartisan support need-ed to properly debate the issue. The President’s budget estimated that leasing in the Arctic Refuge will generate $3.6 billion in revenues, but the President’s budget estimates just don’t add up. In order to meet that number, oil companies would need to bid an average of $2,400 per acre on every single acre of the 1.5 million acre coastal plain, more than 10 times the average lease sale bid on Alaska’s North Slope. We know this number is significantly inflated. If we look at other lease sales between 2010 and 2015, the industry bid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18OC6.065 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6532 October 18, 2017 
on less than 5 percent of the leases in Alaska’s National Petroleum Reserve. On top of that, oil supplies are cur-rently at historic highs, so high that we lifted a 40-year ban on oil exports last year, and gas prices remained at long-term lows. Today the United States is the world’s largest producer of oil and nat-ural gas. We are importing less oil than we have at any point in almost three decades. In addition to the high oil sup-plies, industry has shown little interest in drilling in the Arctic Refuge. In Sep-tember 2015, after spending approxi-mately $7 billion to drill and explore the region, Shell gave up on drilling in the Arctic region’s Chukchi Sea due to the poor results and the high costs. En-ergy analysts predict very little inter-est in drilling in the Refuge for the foreseeable future. So before we move ahead with leasing this area for oil and mineral explo-ration, we need to take a careful look at what we would be losing. The Arctic Refuge is one of America’s last pris-tine, untouched wilderness places, and I think we should preserve it for future generations. The Refuge is home to more than 200 wildlife species, including polar bears, musk ox, and caribou. The porcupine caribou herd travels to the coastal plain each summer to give birth to their young. The Refuge is the most important land denning site for a sig-nificant population of polar bears. Birds from all 50 States and 6 con-tinents migrate to the Refuge for nest-ing and staging. Alaskan Native people still rely on the wildlife for basic suste-nance and as a basis of their cultures. In 2003, I had the opportunity to trav-el to the Arctic Wildlife Refuge and see firsthand the pristine wilderness. While I was there, I also had an opportunity to view areas that had been drilled for oil and gas. As you looked to the west, you could see a stark difference in the State lands that had been drilled for oil and gas and the Arctic National Wild-life Refuge that had not been drilled. It was easy to tell the two apart because the scars that were left on that State land that had been drilled were still there many years later. They didn’t gingerly step in and drill and leave. They cut scars across that land that will be there forever. There is no question that the impact drilling would have on the Arctic would be devastating and irreversible, and although oil and gas resources can be develop safely, we all know that leaks and spills happen. The resulting environmental damage can change the landscape forever. The Arctic Refuge represents our Na-tion’s finest example of intact, natu-rally functioning Arctic and subarctic ecosystems. Nowhere else in North America do we see such a broad spec-trum of diverse habitats occurring within one area. We must protect it for future generations. We have a responsi-bility to protect this area for our chil-dren and grandchildren. Any attempt to move forward a budget reconcili-ation containing leases in the Arctic is a move in the wrong direction. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following lead-er remarks on October 19, it be in order to call up the following amendments; that the time until 11:45 a.m. be for de-bate on the amendments, equally di-vided between the managers or their designees; that at 11:45 a.m., the Sen-ate vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed, with no second-de-gree amendments in order prior to the votes: Wyden No. 1302, Capito No. 1393, and Cantwell No. 1141; further, that fol-lowing the disposition of the Cantwell amendment, Senator W
ARNER ’s amend-ment No. 1138 be called up and the time until 2 p.m. be equally divided between the managers or their designees; and that at 2 p.m., the Senate vote in rela-tion to the Warner amendment, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 220, on Hatch amendment No. 1144. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 221, on Sanders amendment No. 1119. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 222, on Nelson amend-ment No. 1150. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 223, on Heller amend-ment No. 1146. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 224, on Sanders amendment No. 1120. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to cele-brate the christening of the USNS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams, T–ESB 4. This expeditionary sea base ship, the second of its kind, is named in honor of Medal of Honor recipient and West Vir-ginia icon, Chief Warrant Officer Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams, retired. Woody Williams was born on a dairy farm in 1923 in Quiet Dell, WV. He en-listed in the U.S. Marine Corps and served as a demolition sergeant in the Battle of Iwo Jima with the 21st Ma-rines, 3d Marine Division. As a result of Woody’s valiant service, he was award-ed the Congressional Medal of Honor from President Truman on October 5, 1945. Today, at 94 years old, he is the last living Medal of Honor recipient from the Battle of Iwo Jima. What sets Woody apart from so many others who also honorably served is that his brave service on the battlefield was bookended by compassionate serv-ice to members of our Armed Forces and their families. Before entering the Corps, Woody had the painstaking task of delivering Western Union telegrams to Gold Star West Virginia families who lost loved ones early in the war. After he served 20 years in the Marine Corps and Marine Corps Reserves, he spent 33 years as a veterans service representative in the Department of Veterans Affairs and is still serving on the Governor’s military advisory board in the State of West Virginia. He is a fierce advocate for all veterans of all eras. On January 14, 2016, during a cere-mony in Charleston, WV, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced that the expeditionary sea base ship 4 (T– ESB 4) would be named the USNS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams. On Satur-day, October 21, Woody will be joined by his family, five of his fellow Medal of Honor recipients, fellow World War II veterans, and four of the five living USS Arizona survivors from Pearl Har-bor for the joyous occasion of the christening. I look forward to the great honor of joining these heroes at the event in San Diego this weekend. Perhaps in no other time in our re-cent history has it been more vital to remember and emulate the heroism, perseverance, and patriotism of those who belong to the Greatest Generation. Woody is the embodiment of the best of his generation. Through the chris-tening of a ship that bears his name, we are both honoring his great service and lifting up a role model to inspire all West Virginians and Americans alike. I would like to salute Chief Warrant Officer 4 Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams. I also want to thank him for his great service to this great Nation and the great State of West Virginia, for show-ing us the power of patriotism, free-dom, and family. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING DON CARANO ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to memorialize Don Carano, one of northern Nevada’s most influential figures, a great business leader, and a man I am privileged to have called a friend. Don recently passed away peacefully at the age of 85. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.089 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6533 October 18, 2017 
My sincerest condolences go out to his family, friends, and loved ones. All of northern Nevada mourns the loss of Mr. Carano, who helped make Reno a better place to live and work, not only for his employees, but for the entire community. Throughout his life, Mr. Carano was a caring, giving man who charted his own path as an entrepreneur. Some of his businesses include Eldorado Re-sorts, Ferrari-Carano Vineyards and Winery, and the McDonald Carano law firm. Mr. Carano was also instrumental in the construction of the National Bowling Stadium and the Reno Events Center in downtown Reno. Born in Reno, Mr. Carano went to Southside Elementary School, Billinghurst Junior High School, and Reno High School before earning his college degree and serving in the U.S. Army for 2 years as an officer. There-after, Mr. Carano completed law school at the University of San Francisco and began his law practice in Reno. In 1973, he opened the Eldorado Hotel Casino, the first major casino to open on Vir-ginia Street north of the railroad tracks, which changed the profile of gaming in northern Nevada. Mr. Carano’s many contributions and honors include the International Gam-ing and Wagering Business Hall of Fame, Nevada Food and Beverage Di-rectors Association Man of the Year awards, the American Lung Associa-tion Distinguished Community Service Award, Hotelier of the Year Award, ‘‘Knight in the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic’’ by the Consul Gen-eral of Italy, University of San Fran-cisco Law School’s Alumnus of the Year, International Restaurant and Hospitality Rating Bureau’s Lifetime Achievement Award, the WIBC Gladys M. Banker Friendship Award, and many more. Just this year, Mr. Carano was recognized as a ‘‘Distinguished Ne-vadan’’ by the University of Nevada, Reno. As Nevada’s senior Senator, I thank Mr. Carano and his family for their decades of work in helping make Reno the thriving, booming, biggest little city that it is today. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in memorializing Mr. Carano and the legacy he leaves be-hind. Lynne and my family give our deepest sympathies to his wife, Rhonda, his five children Gary, Gene, Glenn, Gregg, and Cindy, 11 grand-children, and 6 great-grandchildren as they cope with this great loss. ∑ 
f 
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN BICENTENNIAL ∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Univer-sity of Michigan, one of the world’s premier universities, which is cele-brating its bicentennial this year. Whether it is leading-edge manufac-turing, lifesaving advances in medical science, or groundbreaking leaps in technology, the University of Michigan is a world leader in innovation and cre-ativity. I can tell you that there is no group of students or alumni in America that is more passionate and committed than our Michigan fans. Founded on August 26, 1817, in De-troit, the University of Michigan was the first public university in the Northwest Territory, moving to Ann Arbor in 1837. With 63,000 students on three campuses and more than 572,000 living graduates, including my son, the university has one of the largest alum-ni bodies in the world. They include artists, astronauts, athletes, entre-preneurs, humanitarians, business and government leaders, and Nobel Laure-ates in economics, medicine, and science. The university is known for many firsts that make it among, as its fight song states, the ‘‘leaders and best.’’ Michigan was the Nation’s first univer-sity to build a chemical laboratory, open and operate its own hospital, and teach science-based medicine. In 1879, the university created the chair of the science and the art of teaching, the first permanent professorial chair at an American college or university devoted to teacher preparation. Michigan of-fered the Nation’s first collegiate aero-nautics classes in 1914. In 1949, it estab-lished the Institute of Social Research, now one of the oldest and largest aca-demic survey organizations. Michigan is one of the world’s lead-ing research universities, spending $1.39 billion on research in 2016. It pro-duces, on average, 400 new inventions each year and launches a new startup every 4 weeks. Faculty and graduates have played a leadership role in devel-oping the polio vaccine, identifying the gene for cystic fibrosis, creating the worldwide computing backbone that led to the internet, protecting the Great Lakes, and exploring space. The groundbreaking research continues today as the university works on au-tonomous vehicles and is home to M- City, a one-of-a-kind urban test facil-ity for vehicle deployment. The university is known for the beau-ty of its natural surroundings and ar-chitecture, including some 16,000 trees and such landmarks as Angell Hall, Burton Memorial Tower, and Hill Audi-torium, all designed by Albert Kahn. It is home to more than 20 libraries, sev-eral museums, art galleries and collec-tions, and performing arts venues, in-cluding the Arthur Miller Theatre, named in honor of the playwright and U-M alumnus. Michigan also is renowned for its athletic tradition, dating back to 1865. It boasts 56 national championships in 12 sports and two Heisman Trophy win-ners. I am extremely proud to congratu-late the University of Michigan for its 200 years of leadership in higher edu-cation and outstanding contributions to the State of Michigan, the Nation, and the world. ‘‘Go Blue!’’∑ EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: EC–3116. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fenpicoxamid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9966–73–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 16, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3117. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Triflumezopyrim; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9966–73–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3118. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3119. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3120. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3121. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of General Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3122. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Annual Report of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau Student Loan Ombudsman; to the Com-mittees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs; and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3123. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Belt Parkway Bridge Con-struction, Gerritsen Inlet; Brooklyn, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0937)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3124. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, Kilauea Lava Flow Ocean Entry on Southeast Side of Is-land of Hawaii, HI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0172)) received in the Office of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.087 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6534 October 18, 2017 
the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3125. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Re-curring Marine Events Held in the Coast Guard Sector Northern New England Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0998)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3126. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Cumberland River, Nashville, TN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0812)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3127. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Tennessee River, Chattanooga, TN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0727)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3128. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Water-way, Socastee, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0801)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3129. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Sector Key West COTP Zone Post Storm Recovery, Atlantic Ocean, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0939)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3130. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Blue Angels Air Show; St. Johns River, Jacksonville, FL’’ ((RIN1625– AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0577)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3131. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Patapsco River, Northwest and Inner Harbors; Baltimore, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0808)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3132. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Delaware River; Dredging’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0947)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3133. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Water-way, Camp Lejeune, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0792)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 16, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3134. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Roanoke River, Plymouth, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0886)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–117. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Tennessee apply-ing to the United States Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the United States Constitution, for the calling of a convention of the states limited to proposing amend-ments to the United States Constitution that impose fiscal restraints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office for its officials and members of the United States Congress; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 67 Whereas, Article V of the United States Constitution authorizes the calling of a con-vention for proposing amendments to the Constitution upon the application of two- thirds of the several states; and Whereas, the drafters of our Constitution empowered state legislators to be guardians of liberty against future abuses of power by the federal government; and Whereas, the federal government has cre-ated a crushing national debt through im-proper and imprudent spending; and Whereas, the federal government has in-vaded the legitimate roles of the states through the manipulative process of federal mandates, most of which are unfunded to a great extent; and Whereas, the federal government has ceased to operate under a proper interpreta-tion of the United States Constitution; and Whereas, it is the solemn duty of the states to protect the liberty of our people, particularly for future generations of Ameri-cans, by proposing amendments to the United States Constitution through a Con-vention of the States under Article V for the purpose of restraining these and related abuses of power: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate of the One Hundred Ninth General Assembly of the State of Ten-nessee, the House of Representatives concurring, That this legislative body does hereby apply to Congress under the provisions of Article V of the United States Constitution for the calling of a convention of the states, limited to proposing amendments to the United States Constitution that impose fiscal re-straints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal govern-ment, and limit the terms of office for its of-ficials and for members of Congress; and be it further Resolved, That this application shall con-stitute a continuing application in accord-ance with Article V of the United States Constitution until the legislatures of at least two-thirds of the several states have made applications on the same subject; and be it further Resolved, That certified copies of this ap-plication be transmitted to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, to the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, to each member of the United States Senate and House of Representatives from Tennessee, and to the presiding officers of each of the legislative houses in the several states, re-questing their cooperation. POM–118 A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona formally applying to the United States Con-gress, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states limited to proposing amendments to the United States Constitution that im-pose fiscal restraints on the federal govern-ment, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office for its officials and for members of the United States Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. HOUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 2010 Whereas, the founders of the Constitution of the United States empowered state legis-lators to be guardians of liberty against fu-ture abuses of power by the federal govern-ment; and Whereas, the federal government has cre-ated a crushing national debt through im-proper and imprudent spending; and Whereas, the federal government has in-vaded the legitimate role of the states through the manipulative process of federal mandates, most of which are unfunded to a great extent; and Whereas, the federal government has ceased to live under a proper interpretation of the Constitution of the United States; and Whereas, it is the solemn duty of the states to protect the liberty of our people, particularly for the generations to come, and to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States through a convention of the states under Article V to place clear re-straints on these and related abuses of power: Therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring: 1. That, pursuant to Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, the Legisla-ture of the State of Arizona formally applies to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states limited to pro-posing amendments to the Constitution of the United States that impose fiscal re-straints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal govern-ment and limit the terms of office for federal officials and for members of Congress. 2. That this application constitutes a con-tinuing application in accordance with Arti-cle V of the Constitution of the United States until at least two-thirds of the legis-latures of the several states have made appli-cation on the same subjects. 3. That this application is revoked, with-drawn, nullified and superseded, retroactive to the date of enactment, if the application is used for the purpose of calling a conven-tion or is used in support of conducting a convention to amend the Constitution of the United States for any purpose other than to impose fiscal restraints on the federal gov-ernment, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government or limit the terms of office for federal officials and members of Congress. 4. That the Legislature of the State of Ari-zona may provide further instructions to its delegates and may recall its delegates at any time for a breach of duty or a violation of the instructions provided. The Arizona dele-gates are instructed to not support term lim-its for members of Congress that would limit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.021 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6535 October 18, 2017 
their number of years in any given office to fewer than twelve years. 5. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Resolu-tion to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representa-tives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona and the presiding officers of each house of the several state legislatures, requesting their cooperation. 
POM–119. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona formally applying to the United States Con-gress, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for the sole purpose of proposing an amendment to the United States Con-stitution to require a balanced federal budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 2013 Be it resolved by the House of Representa-tives of the State of Arizona, the Senate con-curring: 1. That, pursuant to Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, the Legisla-ture of the State of Arizona formally applies to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states only for the pur-pose of proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States requiring that, in the absence of a national emergency, the total of all federal appropriations made by the Congress for any fiscal year may not ex-ceed the total of all estimated federal rev-enue for that fiscal year, together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints. 2. That this application is to be considered as covering the same subject matter as the currently outstanding balanced budget appli-cations from Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mis-sissippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsyl-vania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and West Virginia and shall be aggre-gated with those applications for the purpose of attaining the two-thirds of the states nec-essary to require the calling of a convention, but may not be aggregated with any applica-tions on any other subjects. 3. That this application constitutes a con-tinuing application in accordance with Arti-cle V of the Constitution of the United States until at least two-thirds of the legis-latures of the several states have made appli-cation on the same subject, and supersedes all previous applications by this Legislature on the same subject. 4. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Resolu-tion to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representa-tives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona and the presiding officers of each house of the several state legislatures. POM–120. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona formally applying to the United States Con-gress, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states limited to proposing amendments to the United States Constitution that im-pose fiscal restraints on the federal govern-ment, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office for its officials and for members of the United States Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 2010 Whereas, the founders of the Constitution of the United States empowered state legis-lators to be guardians of liberty against fu-ture abuses of power by the federal govern-ment; and Whereas, the federal government has cre-ated a crushing national debt through im-proper and imprudent spending; and Whereas, the federal government has in-vaded the legitimate role of the states through the manipulative process of federal mandates, most of which are unfunded to a great extent; and Whereas, the federal government has ceased to live under a proper interpretation of the Constitution of the United States; and Whereas, it is the solemn duty of the states to protect the liberty of our people, particularly for the generations to come, and to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States through a convention of the states under Article V to place clear re-straints on these and related abuses of power; Therefore be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring: 1. That, pursuant to Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, the Legisla-ture of the State of Arizona formally applies to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states limited to pro-posing amendments to the Constitution of the United States that impose fiscal re-straints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal govern-ment and limit the terms of office for federal officials and for members of Congress. 2. That this application constitutes a con-tinuing application in accordance with Arti-cle V of the Constitution of the United States until at least two-thirds of the legis-latures of the several states have made appli-cation on the same subjects. 3. That this application is revoked, with-drawn, nullified and superseded, retroactive to the date of enactment, if the application is used for the purpose of calling a conven-tion or is used in support of conducting a convention to amend the Constitution of the United States for any purpose other than to impose fiscal restraints on the federal gov-ernment, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government or limit the terms of office for federal officials and members of Congress. 4. That the Legislature of the State of Ari-zona may provide further instructions to its delegates and may recall its delegates at any time for a breach of duty or a violation of the instructions provided. The Arizona dele-gates are instructed to not support term lim-its for members of Congress that would limit their number of years in any given office to fewer than twelve years. 5. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Resolu-tion to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representa-tives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona and the presiding officers of each house of the several state legislatures, requesting their cooperation. POM–121. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona formally applying to the United States Con-gress, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for the sole purpose of proposing an amendment to the United States Con-stitution to require a balanced federal budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. HOUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 2013 Be it resolved by the House of Representa-tives of the State of Arizona, the Senate con-curring: 1. That, pursuant to Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, the Legisla-ture of the State of Arizona formally applies to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states only for the pur-pose of proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States requiring that, in the absence of a national emergency, the total of all federal appropriations made by the Congress for any fiscal year may not ex-ceed the total of all estimated federal rev-enue for that fiscal year, together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints. 2. That this application is to be considered as covering the same subject matter as the currently outstanding balanced budget appli-cations from Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mis-sissippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsyl-vania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and West Virginia and shall be aggre-gated with those applications for the purpose of attaining the two-thirds of the states nec-essary to require the calling of a convention, but may not be aggregated with any applica-tions on any other subjects. 3. That this application constitutes a con-tinuing application in accordance with Arti-cle V of the Constitution of the United States until at least two-thirds of the legis-latures of the several states have made appli-cation on the same subject, and supersedes all previous applications by this Legislature on the same subject. 4. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Resolu-tion to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representa-tives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona and the presiding officers of each house of the several state legislatures. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. *Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education. *Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. *Kyle Fortson, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Mediation Board for a term expiring July 1, 2019. *Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2022. *Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Mediation Board for a term expiring July 1, 2020. *Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2021. *Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, Department of Labor. *David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. *Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board for a term of four years. *Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, to be a Member of the National Mediation Board for a term expiring July 1, 2018. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.033 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6536 October 18, 2017 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. N ELSON , and Mrs. C AP-
ITO): S. 1977. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the 7.5 percent threshold for the medical expense deduction for individuals age 65 or older; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. D ONNELLY ): S. 1978. A bill to delay the annual fee on health insurance providers until 2020 and to make such fee tax-deductible; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. R
EED, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 1979. A bill to block the implementation of certain presidential actions that restrict individuals from certain countries from en-tering the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 1980. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the production of renewable chemicals and in-vestments in renewable chemical production facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1981. A bill to amend the Natural Gas Act to expedite approval of exports of small volumes of natural gas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 1982. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act to establish a national security freeze standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 1983. A bill to establish a process to re-view foreign investment to determine the economic effect of the investment on the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. Res. 293. A resolution commemorating the 150th anniversary of Morgan State Uni-versity; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 194 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 194, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a public health insurance option, and for other purposes. 
S. 200 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 200, a bill to prohibit the conduct of a first-use nuclear strike absent a dec-laration of war by Congress. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the issuance of exempt facility bonds for qualified carbon dioxide capture facili-ties. 
S. 980 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 980, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clinic and Federally quali-fied health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare program. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand access to telehealth services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. At the request of Mr. C
OCHRAN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1050, supra. 
S. 1334 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. ROUNDS ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1334, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for advanced illness care coordination services for Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes. 
S. 1361 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1361, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, inten-sive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilita-tion programs. 
S. 1505 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1505, a bill to provide that silencers be treated the same as firearms accessories. 
S. 1568 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1568, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of Presi-dent John F. Kennedy. 
S. 1595 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1595, a bill to amend the Hizballah International Financing Pre-vention Act of 2015 to impose addi-tional sanctions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. 
S. 1690 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1690, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide greater support to students with de-pendents, and for other purposes. 
S. 1697 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1697, a bill to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end vio-lence and terrorism against Israeli citi-zens and United States Citizens. 
S. 1829 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1829, a bill to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program. 
S. 1839 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1839, a bill to amend the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 to extend and expand the market access program and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.029 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6537 October 18, 2017 
the foreign market development coop-erator program. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1842, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1859 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1859, a bill to extend the moratorium on the annual fee on health insurance providers. 
S. 1960 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Sen-ator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1960, a bill to repeal the amendments made to the Controlled Substances Act by the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2016. 
S. 1970 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1970, a bill to establish a public health plan. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution supporting respect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1119 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1119 proposed to H. Con. Res. 71, a con-current resolution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1120 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 1120 proposed to H. Con. Res. 71, a concurrent resolution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1133 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1133 intended to be proposed to H. Con. Res. 71, a concur-rent resolution establishing the con-gressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. AMENDMENT NO . 1135 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1135 intended to be proposed to H. Con. Res. 71, a concurrent resolution estab-lishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fis-cal year 2018 and setting forth the ap-propriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1138 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1138 intended to be proposed to H. Con. Res. 71, a concur-rent resolution establishing the con-gressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1141 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1141 in-tended to be proposed to H. Con. Res. 71, a concurrent resolution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 293—COM-MEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MORGAN STATE UNIVERSITY Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 293 Whereas, on November 27, 2017, Morgan State University (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘University’’), located in Balti-more, Maryland, will celebrate the 150th an-niversary of the first academic year of the University and Founders Day; Whereas the University was envisioned by African-American pastors in the Washington Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, and officially founded by white pas-tors in the Baltimore Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church; Whereas the University was incorporated on November 27, 1867, as the Centenary Bib-lical Institute, in celebration of the centen-nial anniversary of Methodism in the United States; Whereas the University was established with a modest budget of $5,000 to train for the ministry males who were former slaves and freedmen; Whereas the first classes of the University were held in the basement lecture hall of Sharp Street Methodist Episcopal Church in Baltimore on April 30, 1867, with a class of 9 students and 1 teacher; Whereas the University admitted the first female students to the University during the 1874–75 academic year and amended the char-ter of the University to train students in teaching as well as in ministry; Whereas, in 1886, the University estab-lished a branch named Princess Anne Acad-emy on the eastern shore of Maryland; Whereas, in 1890, the University was re-named Morgan College in honor of Lyttleton F. Morgan, a long-time board member who was a strong financial supporter of the insti-tution, and was authorized to offer bach-elor’s degrees; Whereas the first bachelor’s degree from the University was awarded in 1895 to George W. F. McMechen, who went on to earn a law degree from Yale University and to distin-guish himself as a citizen and civil rights lawyer in Baltimore, Maryland; Whereas, in 1893, the University estab-lished the second branch of the University, named Virginia Collegiate and Industrial In-stitute, in Lynchburg, Virginia; Whereas, becoming fully accredited in 1925, the University established a strong record in academics, sports, and the promotion of an appreciation for African-American history and culture; Whereas the University moved to the present location of the University in north-east Baltimore, and, on the recommendation of the Commission on Higher Education of Negroes in Maryland, which was appointed by the State Legislature, was purchased by the State of Maryland and renamed Morgan State College, thereby becoming the second of only 2 public State-supported liberal arts colleges in Maryland; Whereas the University featured a distin-guished faculty, expanded the facilities, and developed an outstanding undergraduate cur-riculum that led the Middle States Associa-tion of Colleges and Schools, an accrediting agency, to declare the undergraduate cur-riculum of the University a model liberal arts program; Whereas the graduate program of the Uni-versity was established in 1965 and the first master’s degree from the University was awarded in 1967; Whereas, in 1975, the University was grant-ed university status by the Maryland Gen-eral Assembly and was authorized to offer a doctoral degree; Whereas, in 1983, the first doctoral degree from the University was awarded; Whereas, in 2004, the choir of the Univer-sity was declared ‘‘The Best College Choir in the United States’’ by Reader’s Digest; Whereas, in 2007, after a period of phe-nomenal growth and achievement in aca-demic programs, research, external grants, and public service—an era that many call the Morgan Renaissance—the University was reclassified by the Carnegie Commission on Higher Education as a doctoral research uni-versity; Whereas, since the 1950s, the University has established a record of winning more Fulbright Awards than any of the Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘HBCUs’’) in the United States; Whereas, in 2016, the entire campus of the University was designated as a National Treasure by the National Trust for Historic Preservation, making the University the only institution in the United States to have earned that distinction; Whereas, after 150 years as an institution, the University has grown— (1) from a student body of a modest 7 stu-dents to nearly 8,000 students; (2) from a faculty of 1 to nearly 400 full- time faculty members; and (3) from a single-track curriculum in min-istry to an institution now offering 48 degree programs at the bachelor’s level, 10 at the post-baccalaureate certificate level, 34 at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.031 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6538 October 18, 2017 
master’s degree level, and 16 at the doctoral level; Whereas the University has awarded diplo-mas, certificates and degrees to more than 51,000 students; Whereas the University currently ranks in the top tier of institutions locally and na-tionally in graduating African Americans at all degree levels, and in fields such as archi-tecture, marketing, nursing, the health pro-fessions, communication and journalism, family and consumer sciences, civil engi-neering, electrical engineering, finance, and industrial engineering; Whereas, during the 2017 calendar year, the University is celebrating the 150th anniver-sary of the founding of the University; and Whereas, on September 28–30, 2017, the Uni-versity hosted on the campus of the Univer-sity the 8 other HBCUs that also are cele-brating their 150th anniversaries, in a United HBCU-9 Sesquicentennial Celebration: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) makes note of and celebrates the his-tory, legacy and achievements of Morgan State University; (2) applauds Morgan State University for the 150-year devotion to academic excellence and to providing educational opportunities to thousands of students in Maryland, the United States, and the world; (3) commends Morgan State University for being named Maryland’s Preeminent Public Urban Research University in 2017, and for the entire campus of Morgan State Univer-sity being declared a National Treasure by the National Trust for Historic Preservation; (4) recognizes the achievements of all of the administrators, professors, students, and staff members who have contributed to the success of Morgan State University; and (5) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the president of Morgan State Univer-sity; and (B) the provost and vice president for aca-demic affairs. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1149. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, es-tablishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1150. Mr. ENZI (for Mr. N
ELSON (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B EN-
NET, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. M
ANCHIN )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra. SA 1151. Mr. ENZI (for Ms. C
OLLINS ) pro- posed an amendment to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra. SA 1152. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1153. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1154. Mr. MCCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1155. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1156. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1157. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1158. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1159. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1160. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1161. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1162. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1163. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1164. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1165. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1166. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1167. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1168. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1169. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1170. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1171. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1172. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , and Mr. M URPHY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1173. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1174. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1175. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1176. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1177. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1178. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1179. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1180. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1181. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1182. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1183. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1184. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1185. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1186. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1187. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.039 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6539 October 18, 2017 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1188. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1189. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1190. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1191. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1192. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1193. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1194. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1195. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1196. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1197. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1198. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1199. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1200. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1201. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1202. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. B OOKER , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1203. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1204. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1205. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1206. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1207. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1208. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1209. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1210. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1211. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1212. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1213. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1214. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1215. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1216. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1217. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1218. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1219. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1220. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1221. Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1222. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1223. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1224. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1225. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1226. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1227. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1228. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1229. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1230. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1231. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1232. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1233. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1234. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1235. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1236. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M URPHY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.041 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6540 October 18, 2017 
ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1237. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1238. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1239. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1240. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1241. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1242. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1243. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1244. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1245. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1246. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1247. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1248. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1249. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. K ING, Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. B ENNET ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1250. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1251. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1252. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1253. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1254. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1255. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1256. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1257. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1258. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1259. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1260. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1261. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1262. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1263. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1264. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1265. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1266. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1267. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1268. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1269. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1270. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1271. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1272. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1273. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1274. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1275. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1276. Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. B
URR, and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1277. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1278. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1279. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1280. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1281. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1282. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1283. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1284. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1285. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1286. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.044 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6541 October 18, 2017 
SA 1287. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1288. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1289. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1290. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1291. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1292. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1293. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1294. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1295. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1296. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1297. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1298. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1299. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1300. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1301. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1302. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1303. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1304. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1305. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1306. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1307. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1308. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1309. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1310. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1311. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1312. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1313. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1314. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1315. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1316. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1317. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1318. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ  (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1319. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ  (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. C OONS )) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1320. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1321. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ  (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH )) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1322. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1323. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1324. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ  (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Ms. W ARREN )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1325. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1326. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1327. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1328. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1329. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1330. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ  (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. R
EED , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. F
RANKEN )) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1331. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1332. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1333. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.046 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6542 October 18, 2017 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1334. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ASEY , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1335. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1336. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1337. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1338. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1339. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1340. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1341. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1342. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1343. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1344. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1345. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1346. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1347. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. W YDEN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1348. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1349. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1350. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. SANDERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1351. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1352. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1353. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1354. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1355. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1356. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1357. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1358. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1359. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1360. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1361. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1362. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1363. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1364. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1365. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1366. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1367. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1368. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1369. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1370. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K
ING, Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1371. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1372. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. U DALL , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R EED, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. C ASEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1373. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. U DALL , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. R EED, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolu-tion H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1374. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. B ENNET , and Ms. S TABENOW ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1375. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1376. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1377. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. P ETERS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1378. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1379. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.048 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6543 October 18, 2017 
SA 1380. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1381. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1382. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1383. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1384. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1385. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1386. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1387. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1388. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. U DALL , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1389. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1390. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent reso-lution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1391. Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1392. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1393. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1394. Mr. KING submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1395. Mr. KING submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concur-rent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1396. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1397. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1398. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1149. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PREVENTING OPIOID DIVERSION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing opioid diver-sion, which may include repealing the amendments made to the Controlled Sub-stances Act by the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2016 by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1150. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 12, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 3, line 13, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 4, line 4, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 4, line 12, decrease the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 4, line 13, decrease the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 4, line 14, decrease the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 4, line 15, decrease the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 4, line 16, decrease the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 4, line 17, decrease the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 4, line 18, decrease the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 4, line 19, decrease the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 4, line 20, decrease the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 4, line 21, decrease the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 4, line 25, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 5, line 1, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 5, line 2, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 5, line 3, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 5, line 15, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 5, line 16, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 26, line 2, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 26, line 3, increase the amount by $5,850,000,000. On page 26, line 6, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 26, line 7, increase the amount by $12,300,000,000. On page 26, line 10, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 26, line 11, increase the amount by $19,550,000,000. On page 26, line 14, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 26, line 15, increase the amount by $27,900,000,000. On page 26, line 18, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.051 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6544 October 18, 2017 
On page 26, line 19, increase the amount by $37,150,000,000. On page 26, line 22, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 26, line 23, increase the amount by $47,600,000,000. On page 27, line 2, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 27, line 3, increase the amount by $59,500,000,000. On page 27, line 6, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 27, line 7, increase the amount by $71,850,000,000. On page 27, line 10, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 27, line 11, increase the amount by $87,250,000,000. On page 27, line 14, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. On page 27, line 15, increase the amount by $103,950,000,000. 
SA 1151. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE PROVISION OF TAX RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include the provision of tax relief for small businesses, along with provi-sions to prevent upper-income taxpayers from sheltering income from taxation at the appropriate rate, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1152. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE IMPROVEMENT OF BROADBAND IN RURAL AMERICA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding access to broadband in rural areas of the United States by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1153. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD NOT ADE-QUATELY FUND WILDFIRE MANAGE-MENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for a full fiscal year for Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, or an amend-ment thereto, amendment between the Houses in relation thereto, conference report thereon, or motion thereon, that provides funding for the wildfire management ac-count of the Forest Service if funding levels for that account are not equal to or greater than the 90 percent confidence interval esti-mate of the Secretary of Agriculture under section 502(h)(3) of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a(h)(3)) of anticipated wildfire suppression costs for that fiscal year. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if— (1) the bill or joint resolution described in that subsection provides not less than 100 percent of the rolling 10-year average of wildfire obligations; and (2) on or before the date on which the Sen-ate is considering a bill or joint resolution described in that subsection, the Senate has enacted a bill or joint resolution that pro-vides new budget authority for wildfire dis-aster relief for the fiscal year referred to in that subsection in an amount not to exceed $1,460,000,000. 
SA 1154. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPROVING HEALTH CARE FOR VETERANS AND MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the adminis-tration by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs of con-tracted health care networks and to improve the adminstration by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs of health care generally, which may include the management of claims, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1155. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO REDUCING ADDIC-TION TO OPIOIDS BY IMPOSING STRICTER PRESCRIBING GUIDE-LINES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing addiction to opioids by imposing stricter prescribing guidelines, which may include a 7-day supply limit in certain circumstances, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1156. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPROVING FOREST HEALTH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing timber produc-tion from Federal land and providing bridge funding to counties and other units of local government until timber production levels increase, decreasing forest hazardous fuel loads, improving stewardship contracting, or reforming the process of budgeting for wild-fire suppression operations by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1157. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.054 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6545 October 18, 2017 
amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE MAINTENANCE BACKLOG OF THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the maintenance, repair, or improvement of infrastructure in units of the National Park System by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1158. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE EXPANSION OF EDUCATION OPPORTUNITIES FOR NATIVE AMERICAN CHILDREN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the funding of charter schools by the Bureau of Indian Education, distance learning programs, and school op-portunity scholarships, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1159. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TERMINATING THE CATFISH INSPECTION PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to terminating the catfish inspection program of the Department of Ag-riculture and returning the role of catfish in-spection to the Food and Drug Administra-tion, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1160. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING THAT VET-ERANS HAVE THE ACCESS AND ABIL-ITY TO CHOOSE THEIR HEALTH CARE BASED ON THE BEST POS-SIBLE HEALTH CARE TREATMENT AVAILABLE TO THE VETERAN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that veterans can access the best possible health care treatment, which may include improving the Veterans Choice Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1161. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT WOULD RAISE TAXES ON BUSINESSES THAT HIRE VETERANS, ACTIVE SERVICE MEMBERS, OR THE LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYED. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that repeals or limits the work opportunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 1162. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT REPEALS THE TAX EX-CLUSION FOR INTEREST ON STATE AND LOCAL BONDS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that repeals the tax exclusion for interest on state and local bonds under section 103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1163. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT WOULD RAISE TAXES ON HOMEOWNERS BY ELIMINATING OR LIMITING THE MORTGAGE INTER-EST DEDUCTION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that repeals or limits the mortgage interest deduction under section 163 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1164. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.055 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6546 October 18, 2017 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PRE-PREPARED TAX RETURNS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the Sec-retary of the Treasury to provide pre-pre-pared tax returns to as many taxpayers as possible, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1165. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TAX INCENTIVES TO ENCOURAGE THE CREATION OF RESIDENT-OWNED COOPERATIVES FOR MANUFACTURED HOME COM-MUNITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to tax incentives, such as a 75 percent income tax credit for the owners of manufactured home communities, to en-courage the sale of such communities to resi-dents and the creation of resident-owned co-operatives, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1166. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A SIN-GLE PAYER HEALTH CARE SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a single payer health care system, which may include a Medicare-for-all national health insurance program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1167. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO SIGNIFICANTLY IM-PROVING THE BUDGET PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to significantly improving the budget process by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1168. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE RESPONSE TO IL-LICIT FENTANYL INTO THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the response by States to illicit fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, including the treatment of individuals harmed by fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, and the efforts of the United States Government to detect and interdict illicit fentanyl and other synthetic opioids being trafficked into the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1169. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4lll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD INCREASE THE COSTS OF FINANCING FOR STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase the costs of financing for State and local government projects, including by repealing the tax ex-clusion for interest on State and local bonds. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1170. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD INCREASE OUT- OF-POCKET COSTS OR REDUCE AC-CESS TO TREATMENT, INCLUDING MEDICATION-ASSISTED TREATMENT, FOR AMERICANS SUFFERING FROM AN OPIOID USE DISORDER. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase out-of- pocket costs or reduce access to treatment, including medication-assisted treatment, for Americans suffering from an opioid use dis-order. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1171. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.056 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6547 October 18, 2017 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD DECREASE AC-CESS TO THE PRIVATE SECTOR RE-TIREMENT SYSTEM AND TO MEAN-INGFUL SAVINGS INCENTIVES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would decrease access to the private sector retirement system and to meaningful savings incentives. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1172. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , and Mr. M UR-
PHY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROVIDE MEDICAID AND CHIP FISCAL RELIEF FOR TEXAS, FLOR-IDA, PUERTO RICO AND OTHER UNITED STATES TERRITORIES IM-PACTED BY HURRICANE HARVEY, HURRICANE IRMA OR HURRICANE MARIA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing fiscal relief through the Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Programs for Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and other United States terri-tories impacted by Hurricane Harvey, Hurri-cane Irma, or Hurricane Maria, including by increasing both the Federal medical assist-ance percentage and the enhanced FMAP for fiscal year 2018 for such States and terri-tories to 100 percent and by increasing the total amount certified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 1108 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308) for payments to Puerto Rico and the other territories under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) for fiscal year 2018, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1173. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 24, line 11, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 24, line 12, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 24, line 15, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 24, line 16, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 24, line 19, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 24, line 20, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 24, line 23, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 24, line 24, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 2, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 3, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 6, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 7, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 10, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 11, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 14, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 15, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 18, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 19, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 22, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 25, line 23, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 25, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 1, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 2, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 3, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 15, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 16, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000.. On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 3, line 12, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 3, line 13, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 4, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 13, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 14, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 15,decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 16, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 17, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 18, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 19, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 20, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 4, line 21, decrease the amount by $4,500,000,000. On page 47, line 6, reduce the amount by $45,000,000,000. 
SA 1174. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST TAX IN-CREASES ON LOW-INCOME AND MID-DLE-CLASS FAMILIES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that impose a tax increase on low-income or middle-class families, includ-ing through a reduction in refundable tax credits. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1175. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION DECREASING TAXES TO HOUSEHOLDS IN THE TOP 1 PER-CENT OF INCOME. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.058 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6548 October 18, 2017 
joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report pursuant to section 2001 that provides any net tax cuts to households in the top 1 percent of income. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1176. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROHIBITING AN EX-HIBITION OR PARADE OF MILITARY FORCES AND HARDWARE FOR RE-VIEW BY THE PRESIDENT IN ORDER TO DEMONSTRATE MILITARY FORCE OUTSIDE OF AUTHORIZED MILITARY OPERATIONS OR ACTIVITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting an exhibition or parade of military forces and hardware for review by the President in order to dem-onstrate military force outside of authorized military operations or activities by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1177. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT REPEALS INCENTIVES THAT PROMOTE ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT AND INVESTMENT IN ECO-NOMICALLY DISTRESSED COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that repeals the low-income housing credit under section 42 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, the new markets tax credit under section 45D of such Code, or the historic tax credit program. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 1178. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO MAKING THE AMER-ICAN TAX SYSTEM SIMPLER AND FAIRER FOR ALL AMERICANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include provisions to make the American tax system simpler and fairer for all Americans, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1179. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE EXPANSION OF EDUCATION OPPORTUNITIES FOR NATIVE AMERICAN CHILDREN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the funding of tribally-op-erated education savings accounts, charter schools, and distance learning programs by the Bureau of Indian Education, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1180. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ELIMINATING DEF-ICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUNDS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to eliminating deficit-neu-tral reserve funds by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1181. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING THAT THE SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS STAY SOLVENT BY INSTITUTING MUCH NEEDED REFORMS TO THE BENEFITS FORMULA AND THE FUND-ING STREAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that the Social Security trust funds established under sec-tion 201 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401) stay solvent by instituting much needed reforms to the Social Security benefits for-mulas and funding streams by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1182. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table, as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lllDEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TAX RELIEF FOR HARD-WORKING MIDDLE-CLASS AMERICANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.063 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6549 October 18, 2017 
between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include reducing federal de-ductions, such as the state and local tax de-duction for high-income individuals, to en-sure relief for middle-income taxpayers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1183. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO EXTEND THE REFINED COAL TAX CREDIT FOR NEW AND EXISTING FA-CILITIES AND TO CREATE OPPOR-TUNITY FOR NOT-FOR-PROFIT ELEC-TRICITY GENERATORS TO MONETIZE THE TAX CREDIT DIRECTLY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the refined coal tax cred-it, which may include extending and mone-tizing the credit, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1184. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING TAX RE-LIEF FOR FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing tax relief for farmers and ranchers, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1185. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING REGU-LATORY RELIEF FOR COMMUNITY BANKS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing regulatory re-lief for community banks by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1186. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO EXPANDING RURAL BROADBAND TO CLOSE THE DIGITAL DIVIDE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding rural broadband to close the digital divide by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1187. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO EXPANDING TAX-EX-EMPT PRIVATE ACTIVITY BONDS AND CREATING INVESTMENT TAX CREDITS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to infrastructure financing, which may include expanding tax-exempt private activity bonds and creating invest-ment tax credits, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1188. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO SUPPORTING PRO-GRAMS RELATED TO THE NUCLEAR MISSIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting programs re-lated to the nuclear missions of the Depart-ment of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1189. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3001 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3001. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROTECT AND IMPROVE AFFORD-ABLE HEALTH CARE FOR ALL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding affordable health care for all Americans, including by preserving and improving the Affordable Care Act, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1190. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.060 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6550 October 18, 2017 
amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3001. 
SA 1191. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO IMPROVE SOCIAL SECURITY PRO-GRAM INTEGRITY BY INCREASING TARGETED DENIAL REVIEWS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improvements to program integrity funding, including measures to ac-commodate the addition of target denial re-views by the Social Security Administration, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1192. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REC-ONCILIATION INSTRUCTIONS THAT WOULD INCREASE THE DEFICIT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report relating to a reconciliation bill that would increase the deficit over the budget window. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1193. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 4111. 
SA 1194. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 2001 and 2002. 
SA 1195. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST TAX RE-FORM LEGISLATION THAT RELIES ON SCORES AND DISTRIBUTIONAL TABLES NOT PRODUCED FROM THE JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION AND THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that amends the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and uses scores or distribu-tion tables not produced by the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation or the Congressional Budget Office. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1196. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST TAX RE-FORM LEGISLATION THAT VIOLATES THE MNUCHIN RULE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that amends the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and provides an absolute tax cut for tax returns in the top 1 percent of income. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 1197. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE RELEASE OF TAX RETURNS OF THE PRESIDENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to public disclosure of the individual tax returns of the President, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1198. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST TAX RE-FORM LEGISLATION THAT RAISES LESS REVENUE THAN CURRENT LAW. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that amends the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and results in less revenue than current law over the budget window as scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Congressional Budget Office. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1199. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.069 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6551 October 18, 2017 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST TAX RE-FORM LEGISLATION NOT CONSID-ERED THROUGH REGULAR ORDER IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that amends the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 without hearings and mark-ups in both the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1200. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST TAX RE-FORM LEGISLATION THAT IS LESS PROGRESSIVE THAN CURRENT LAW. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that amends the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and results in a tax code that is less progressive than current law. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF WHETHER CODE IS L
ESSPROGRESSIVE .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a measure described in subsection (a) results in a tax code that is less progressive than current law if, after the measure takes effect— (1) the percentage increase in after-tax in-come for tax returns in higher income groups, including the top 10 percent, top 5 percent, top 1 percent, and top 0.1 percent, is greater than the percentage increase in after-tax income for tax returns in lower in-come groups; or (2) the percentage decrease in after-tax in-come for tax returns in higher income groups, including the top 10 percent, top 5 percent, top 1 percent, and top 0.1 percent, is less than the percentage decrease in after- tax income for tax returns in lower income groups. The determinations made under paragraph (1) and (2) shall be based on distribution ta-bles produced by the Joint Committee on Taxation. (c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1201. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE RELEASE OF TAX RETURNS OF THE PRESIDENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to public disclosure of the individual tax returns of the President, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1202. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING TECH-NOLOGY-NEUTRAL TAX CREDITS FOR CLEAN ENERGY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing long-term, technology-neutral tax incentives for clean energy, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1203. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST TAX RE-FORM LEGISLATION THAT DOES NOT INCLUDE A COMPLETE REVENUE SCORE AND A DISTRIBUTION TABLE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that amends the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and for which there is not a complete revenue score over the budget window and a table of the distributional ef-fects produced by the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Congressional Budget Of-fice. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1204. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REC-ONCILIATION BILLS THAT WOULD INCREASE THE DEFICIT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any rec-onciliation bill reported under section 310 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 641) that would increase the deficit during the period of the budget year and the ensuing 9 fiscal years following the budget year. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1205. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TAX CUTS FOR WORK-ING AMERICAN FAMILIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing per-child Fed-eral tax relief, which may include amending the child tax credit, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1206. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.066 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6552 October 18, 2017 
amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PRIORITIZING THE CONSTRUCTION OF INFRASTRUC-TURE PROJECTS OF REGIONAL OR NATIONAL IMPORTANCE AND PROJECTS IN HIGH PRIORITY COR-RIDORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prioritizing Federal in-vestments in the infrastructure of the United States on projects of regional or na-tional significance and projects in high pri-ority corridors on the National Highway System by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1207. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PRIORITIZING PRO-GRAMS AND POLICIES THAT FACILI-TATE DOMESTIC AND INTER-NATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prioritizing programs and policies that facilitate domestic and inter-national travel and tourism within the United States by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1208. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PREVENTING VET-ERAN SUICIDE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing veteran sui-cide, which may include improving mental health programs and outreach efforts of the Department of Veterans Affairs, hiring more mental health care professionals for the De-partment, or ensuring quality and timely ac-cess to mental health care for all veterans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1209. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO COMBAT TERRORISM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to grants combating ter-rorism, which may include consideration of the dependence on tourism as a factor in rat-ing systems, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1210. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON PAY FOR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS IF THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND APPROPRIATIONS ARE NOT COMPLETED IN A TIMELY MAN-NER. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) both Houses of Congress should approve a concurrent resolution on the budget and all the regular appropriations bills before October 1 of each fiscal year; (2) if a concurrent resolution on the budget and all the regular appropriations bills are not approved by October 1 of each fiscal year, no funds should be appropriated or oth-erwise be made available from the Treasury of the United States for the pay of any Mem-ber of Congress during any period after Octo-ber 1 that a concurrent resolution on the budget and all the regular appropriations bills are not completed; and (3) no retroactive pay should be provided to any Member of Congress for any period for which pay is not made available as described in paragraph (2). SA 1211. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3010 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3010. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR SERVICEMEMBERS AND VET-ERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) eligibility for both military retired pay and veterans’ disability compensation (con-current receipt); (2) the reduction or elimination of the off-set between Survivor Benefit Plan annuities and Veterans’ Dependency and Indemnity Compensation; (3) the improvement of disability benefits or the process of evaluating and adjudicating benefit claims for members of the Armed Forces or veterans; (4) the infrastructure needs of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, including con-structing or leasing space, to include leases of major medical facilities, and maintenance of Department facilities; (5) supporting the transition of members of the Armed Forces to the civilian workforce, including by expanding or improving edu-cation, job training, and workforce develop-ment benefits, or other programs for mem-bers of the Armed Forces or veterans, which may include streamlining the process associ-ated with Federal and State credentialing re-quirements; (6) improving access to and reducing wait times for Department of Veterans Affairs health care, including through hiring med-ical providers, fully staffing emergency de-partments, and improving the quality of such care; (7) reforming and improving authorities of the Department of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide health care through non-Department fa-cilities or providers and equally investing in improvements and expansions to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care system; or (8) providing or improving specialty serv-ices, including mental health care, homeless services, gender specific health care, fertility treatment, and support for caregivers; by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1212. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.075 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6553 October 18, 2017 
amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 12, increase the amount by $216,000,000. On page 3, line 13, increase the amount by $3,406,000,000. On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by $5,256,000,000. On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by $5,767,000,000. On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by $3,161,000,000. On page 4 line 4, increase the amount by $1,843,000,000. On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by $1,181,000,000. On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by $619,000,000. On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by $94,000,000. On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by $57,000,000. On page 4, line 12, decrease the amount by $216,000,000. On page 4, line 13, decrease the amount by $3,406,000,000. On page 4, line 14, decrease the amount by $5,256,000,000. On page 4, line 15, decrease the amount by $5,767,000,000. On page 4, line 16, decrease the amount by $3,161,000,000. On page 4, line 17, decrease the amount by $1,843,000,000. On page 4, line 18, decrease the amount by $1,181,000,000. On page 4, line 19, decrease the amount by $619,000,000. On page 4, line 20, decrease the amount by $94,000,000. On page 4, line 21, decrease the amount by $57,000,000. On page 4, line 25, increase the amount by $7,200,000,000. On page 5, line 1, increase the amount by $7,200,000,000. On page 5, line 2, increase the amount by $7,200,000,000. On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by $216,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $3,406,000,000. On page 5, line 15, increase the amount by $5,256,000,000. On page 5, line 16, increase the amount by $5,767,000,000. On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by $3,161,000,000. On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by $1,843,000,000. On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by $1,181,000,000. On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by $619,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by $94,000,000. On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by $57,000,000. On page 31, line 2, increase the amount by $7,200,000,000. On page 31, line 3, increase the amount by $216,000,000. On page 31, line 6, increase the amount by $7,200,000,000. On page 31, line 7, increase the amount by $3,406,000,000. On page 31, line 10, increase the amount by $7,200,000,000. On page 31, line 11, increase the amount by $5,256,000,000. On page 31, line 15, increase the amount by $5,767,000,000. On page 31, line 19, increase the amount by $3,161,000,000. On page 31, line 23, increase the amount by $1,843,000,000. On page 32, line 3, increase the amount by $1,181,000,000. On page 32, line 7, increase the amount by $619,000,000. On page 32, line 11, increase the amount by $94,000,000. On page 32, line 15, increase the amount by $57,000,000. On page 47, line 6, decrease the amount by $21,600,000,000. At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR REFORM OF CARE IN NON-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FA-CILITIES OR PROVIDERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, motions, or conference reports related to reforming and improving authorities of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide health care through non-Department facilities or pro-viders and equally investing in improve-ments and expansions to the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1213. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING FOR ADDI-TIONAL HEALTHCARE PROFES-SIONALS AT THE INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Indian Health Serv-ice, which may include providing for addi-tional healthcare professionals, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1214. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO STUDYING THE TRAF-FICKING OF OPIOIDS AT THE NORTHERN BORDER. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to studying the trafficking of opioids at the Norther Border by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1215. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST IN-CREASES IN DISCRETIONARY SPENDING LIMITS FOR THE RE-VISED SECURITY CATEGORY AND THE REVISED NONSECURITY CAT-EGORY BY EQUAL AMOUNTS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that increases the discre-tionary spending limits established under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)) for the revised security cat-egory and the revised nonsecurity category by equal amounts. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1216. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPROVING THE FAIR-NESS OF THE CALCULATIONS OF AG-RICULTURE RISK COVERAGE COUN-TY COVERAGE PAYMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.071 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6554 October 18, 2017 
resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the fairness of the calculations of agriculture risk coverage county coverage payments by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1217. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO EXPANDING THE CAT-EGORIES OF LIVESTOCK LOSSES COVERED BY THE EMERGENCY AS-SISTANCE FOR LIVESTOCK, HONEY BEES, AND FARM-RAISED FISH PRO-GRAM OF THE FARM SERVICE AGEN-CY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding the categories of livestock losses covered by the emergency assistance for livestock, honey bees, and farm-raised fish program of the Farm Serv-ice Agency to include the cost of trans-porting feed and livestock by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1218. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE FOR LIVESTOCK, HONEY BEES, AND FARM-RAISED FISH PROGRAM OF THE FARM SERVICE AGENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for the emergency assistance for livestock, honey bees, and farm-raised fish program of the Farm Service Agency by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1219. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO DISASTER ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAMS OF THE FARM SERVICE AGENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the disaster assistance programs of the Farm Service Agency by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1220. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 57, strike lines 1 through 3 and in-sert the following: icit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1221. Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING PUBLIC AND INDIVIDUAL ASSISTANCE, HOUSING RELIEF, CRITICAL INFRA-STRUCTURE REPAIRS, AGRICUL-TURAL ASSISTANCE, AND OTHER RE-COVERY AID FUNDING FOR THE VIC-TIMS OF THE CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES MAJOR DISASTER THAT BEGAN ON OCTOBER 8, 2017. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring public and indi-vidual assistance, housing relief, critical in-frastructure repairs, agricultural assistance, and other recovery aid funding for the vic-tims of the California wildfires major dis-aster that began on October 8, 2017 by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1222. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INCREASING THE HIGHEST TAX RATE TO OFFSET ANY INCREASE IN THE DEFICIT RESULT-ING FROM OTHER TAX LEGISLATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to an automatic increase in the highest tax rate under the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 in order to offset any changes to such Code which increase the def-icit within 10 years of taking effect, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1223. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD MAKE THE TAX CODE LESS PROGRESSIVE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would make the income tax code under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 less progressive by decreasing the tax burden paid by the 1 percent of taxpayers with the highest income, as measured either on an absolute basis or as a percentage of the total tax burden. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.073 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6555 October 18, 2017 
be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1224. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD NOT BE THE BIG-GEST MIDDLE CLASS TAX CUT IN HISTORY. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would not be the biggest middle class tax cut ever enacted in the United States, based on a distributional analysis and score by the Joint Committee on Taxation and measured either as a share of the gross domestic product or as a per-centage of the total tax burden (determined by defining ‘‘middle class’’ as all income deciles above the lowest 20 percent and below the highest 10 percent). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1225. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD INCREASE TAXES ON MORE THAN 10 PERCENT OF TAX-PAYERS BELOW THE TOP DECILE OF INCOME. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase taxes on more than 10 percent of the taxpayers not in the highest decile of income. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1226. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD MAKE ANY CHANGES TO THE TAX CODE IF THE PRESIDENT HAS NOT RELEASED TAX RETURNS FOR THE PRECEDING 5 YEARS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would make any changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, unless the President has released tax returns for at least the preceding 5 taxable years to dem-onstrate the effects of any such legislation on lowering the tax burden of taxpayers like the President. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1227. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO LOWERING THE COST OF PRESCRIPTION DRUGS IN THE UNITED STATES BY IMPORTING DRUGS FROM CANADA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to lowering the cost of pre-scription drugs in the United States by im-porting drugs from Canada, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1228. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST RAISING TAXES ON TAXPAYERS WHOSE AN-NUAL INCOME IS BELOW $250,000. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that raises taxes on taxpayers whose annual income is below $250,000. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1229. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO CARBON CAPTURE, STORAGE, AND UTILIZATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to support for carbon cap-ture, utilization, and storage technology and reducing greenhouse gas emissions, which may include expanding section 45Q of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and establishing other incentives for implementation of car-bon capture, storage, and utilization tech-nology on carbon-emitting facilities and the development of additional carbon utilization technologies, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1230. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO PROHIBITING THE IM-PLEMENTATION OF THE PRESI-DENTIAL PROCLAMATION ISSUED ON SEPTEMBER 24, 2017. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.072 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6556 October 18, 2017 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the imple-mentation of the presidential proclamation issued on September 24, 2017, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1231. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROHIBITING SIGNIFI-CANT REORGANIZATION OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF STATE ABSENT SPE-CIFIC CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORIZA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that the Sec-retary of State shall not be permitted to un-dertake any significant reorganization of the Department of State that involves consolida-tion, streamlining, transfer, or elimination of bureaus, offices, or functions within the Department, absent specific authorization from Congress, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1232. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INCREASING TRANS-PARENCY WITH REGARD TO WAIV-ERS TO THE BUY AMERICAN ACT, THE BERRY AMENDMENT, THE BUY AMERICA ACT, AND SECTION 2533B OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing transparency with regard to waivers to the Buy American Act (chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code), the Berry Amendment (section 2533a of title 10, United States Code), the Buy America Act (section 5323(j) of title 49, United States Code), and section 2533b of title 10, United States Code, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1233. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT WOULD PRESERVE THE CARRIED INTEREST LOOPHOLE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that preserves the preferential tax treatment of carried interest income. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1234. Mr. DONNELLY (for him-self, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL ALLOWING COMPANIES THAT HAVE OUTSOURCED JOBS TO FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES TO BENEFIT FROM ANY TAX BREAKS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that permits companies which have outsourced jobs to foreign countries to benefit from any tax breaks. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1235. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO CONSERVATION OF PLUM ISLAND, NEW YORK. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the conservation of Plum Island, Town of Southold, New York, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1236. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M UR-
PHY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE CONSERVATION AND STEWARDSHIP OF THE LONG IS-LAND SOUND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the conservation and stewardship of the Long Island Sound by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1237. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike subparagraphs (A) through (C) of section 4012(b)(2) and insert the following: (A) for fiscal year 2018, $8,500,000,000; (B) for fiscal year 2019, $0; and (C) for fiscal year 2020, $0. 
SA 1238. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.077 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6557 October 18, 2017 
Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO DROUGHT RELIEF. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to drought relief by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1239. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO FEDERAL CROP IN-SURANCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal crop insurance by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1240. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO RURAL DEVELOP-MENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to rural development by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1241. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO AGRICULTURAL RE-SEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to agricultural research by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1242. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO HOLDING MEMBERS OF THE SENATE AND THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES ACCOUNTABLE FOR FAILING TO PASS A BALANCED BUDGET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to holding Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives ac-countable for failing to pass a balanced budg-et by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1243. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING THE FRAMEWORK NECESSARY FOR INNO-VATIVE FINANCING OPTIONS FOR STUDENTS TO FUND POSTSEC-ONDARY EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing the framework necessary for innovative financing options for students to fund postsecondary education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1244. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 53, line 17, insert ‘‘, which may in-clude improvements to career and technical education’’ before the semicolon. 
SA 1245. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING ACCOUNT-ABILITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring accountability for the Department of Education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1246. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.080 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6558 October 18, 2017 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROTECTING TAX-PAYERS AND FEDERAL INVEST-MENTS AND ENSURING HUMAN SAFETY FROM FORESEEABLE FLOOD DISASTERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to any steps necessary to en-sure that Federal infrastructure investments are adequately protected from foreseeable flood disasters and are located or con-structed in a manner to minimize avoidable taxpayer losses and unnecessary risk to human safety by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1247. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD DECREASE FUNDING FOR THE BUREAU OF THE CENSUS OR ANY OF ITS PROGRAMS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would decrease funding for the Bureau of the Census or any of its programs. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1248. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INCREASING FEDERAL INVESTMENTS IN THE NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in the National Railroad Passenger Corporation by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1249. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. K ING, Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 83, strike lines 12 through 15, and insert the following: 
SEC. 4111. REPEAL OF CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. 
Section 3206 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Con-gress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, is repealed. 
SEC. 4112. PROHIBITION ON AGREEING TO CER-TAIN AMENDMENTS TO LEGISLA-TION WITHOUT A SCORE IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to vote on the adoption of a cov-ered amendment to a bill or resolution that requires an estimate under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653), unless an estimate described in such section 402 for the covered amendment was made publicly available on the website of the Congressional Budget Office not later than 28 hours before the time the vote commences. (b) C
OVERED AMENDMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered amendment’’ means an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— (1) W
AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (a) may be waived or suspended only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. (2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1250. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO TRAINING TO SUPPORT THE RECOGNITION AND REPORTING OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to training to support the recognition and reporting of human traf-ficking by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1251. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPROVING RURAL CALL QUALITY AND COMPLETION RATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving rural tele-phone call quality and completion rates by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1252. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO SPORTS-THEMED ACA-DEMIC PROGRAMMING FOR BEFORE- AND AFTER-SCHOOL PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing best practices for sports-themed academic programming for before- and after-school programs and mak-ing such programming available online in a user-friendly format, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1253. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.081 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6559 October 18, 2017 
Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO SUPPORTING CHILD CARE WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT OR THE CREATION, RENOVATION, OR EXPANSION OF CHILD CARE FA-CILITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports, relating to providing grants on a competitive basis to States to support child care workforce development or the establish-ment, renovation, or expansion of child care facilities in child care deserts, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1254. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO EXPANDING THE USE OF SAVINGS ACCOUNTS FOR EDU-CATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding the use of edu-cation savings accounts to add workforce de-velopment training and credentialing pro-grams, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1255. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PERMANENTLY ES-TABLISHING MYRA ACCOUNTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to permanently establishing the MyRA savings account program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1256. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE EFFECTIVE DE-VELOPMENT OF BROADBAND, EN-ERGY, HOUSING, AND WATER INFRA-STRUCTURE IN RURAL AREAS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the effective development of broadband, energy, housing, and water in-frastructure in rural areas of the United States by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1257. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO DEVELOPING A COM-PREHENSIVE CAREER AND TECH-NICAL EDUCATION OUTREACH AND EDUCATION GRANT PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing a comprehen-sive career and technical education outreach and education grant program, including by educating students and parents at an early stage about obtaining real-world skills and experiences and addressing outdated percep-tions about career and technical education and careers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1258. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO CREATE INCENTIVES FOR MANU-FACTURING OPERATIONS TO LO-CATE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to creating incentives for manufacturing operations to locate in the United States by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1259. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROMOTING RURAL BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting rural broadband deployment by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1260. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.082 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6560 October 18, 2017 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ALLOWING VETERANS TO RECEIVE CARE FOR THEIR NEWBORNS FOR UP TO 14 DAYS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to allowing veterans to re-ceive care for their newborns for up to 14 days by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1261. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROMOTING THE OUT-DOOR ECONOMY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the outdoor economy, including the production of eco-nomic data to accurately measure the eco-nomic benefits of public land and outdoor space in the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1262. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO EQUALIZING THE TREATMENT OF SERVICEMEMBERS’ AND BUSINESS MILEAGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to treating mileage traveled by members of the Armed Forces (including reserve components) in the same manner as other business travel for purposes of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, including by equalizing the required distance for deduct-ible travel, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1263. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO DESIGNATING CER-TAIN MEDICAL FACILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS AS HEALTH PROFESSIONAL SHORTAGE AREAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to designating certain med-ical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs as health professional shortage areas, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1264. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PERMITTING CHIL-DREN OF MEMBERS OF THE NA-TIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE TO PARTICIPATE IN EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS THAT PROVIDE ADDITIONAL SUPPORT TO MILITARY FAMILIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to permitting children of members of the National Guard and Reserve to participate in education programs that provide additional support to military fami-lies by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1265. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROTECTING POSTAL SERVICES FOR AMERICA’S POSTAL CUSTOMERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting postal services for the people of the United States, which may include improving the financial sta-bility and condition of the United States Postal Service, strengthening the service performance that postal customers experi-ence, or prioritizing the needs of rural areas of the United States, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1266. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE DOMESTIC AGRI-CULTURAL ECONOMY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the domestic agricultural economy, such as improving farm income, addressing agricultural market disaster, or expanding the use of value-added agricul-tural products, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1267. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.084 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6561 October 18, 2017 
SEC. 41lll. USE OF CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE BASELINE TO DETERMINE BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
In the Senate, for purposes of determining points of order established under the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, any estimate of the levels of new budget authority, outlays, or direct spend-ing, new entitlement authority, or revenues in a bill, resolution, amendment, motion, conference report, or amendment between the Houses shall be made using the baseline projection under section 257 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 907). 
SA 1268. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. HONEST ACCOUNTING: COST ESTI-MATES FOR TEMPORARY TAX PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) CBO AND JCT E STIMATES .—During the 115th Congress, in the Senate, any covered cost estimate for a bill, joint resolution, amendment, amendment between the Houses, motion, or conference report that creates or extends a temporary tax provision shall also include, for information purposes only, an estimate of the cost of the tem-porary tax provision, as if it were perma-nent. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered cost estimate’’ means an estimate provided— (A) by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653); (B) by the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Congressional Budget Office under sec-tion 201(f) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 601(f)); or (C) at the request of the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Fi-nance or the Committee on the Budget of the Senate; and (2) the term ‘‘temporary tax provision’’ means an amendment to the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (or any other provision of tax law) which includes a date of termi-nation or applies only to periods, trans-actions, or events before a specified date. 
SA 1269. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENCOURAGING THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS TO OB-TAIN AUDITS WITH UNQUALIFIED OPINIONS OF STATEMENT OF BUDG-ETARY RESOURCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the Depart-ment of Defense and the military depart-ments to obtain audits with unqualified opinions of statement of budgetary resources by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1270. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMIT ON SENATE CONSIDERATION OF RECONCILIATION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolution reported pursuant to section 2001, or an amendment to, conference report on, or amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to such a bill or joint resolution, which does not dedicate future savings from such legislation in a manner which allocates 40 percent of such savings to the capitalization of a national infrastructure bank and 60 per-cent of such savings to reduction of the def-icit. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1271. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUCING FUNDING FOR MEALS ON WHEELS OR OTHER NUTRITION SERVICES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that repeals or reduces fund-ing for nutrition services under part C of title III of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030d–21 et seq.). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 1272. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ADDRESSING THE MANY BARRIERS FACED BY WOMEN BUSINESS OWNERS AND ENTRE-PRENEURS, INCLUDING PROMOTING THE WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTER PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing the many bar-riers faced by women business owners and entrepreneurs, including promoting the Women’s Business Center program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1273. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports making changes to or providing for the reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund established under section 200302 of title 54, United States Code, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1274. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.085 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6562 October 18, 2017 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4lll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD CAUSE A DE-CLINE IN THE REHABILITATION OF HISTORIC INCOME-PRODUCING PROPERTIES IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cause a decline in the rehabilitation of historic income-pro-ducing properties in the United States, in-cluding by repealing the rehabilitation tax credit. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1275. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE IMPACT OF EX-TREME WEATHER AND NATURAL DISASTERS ON CRITICAL INFRA-STRUCTURE SYSTEMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives to bolster the resilience of existing critical infrastructure systems and facilitate the development of new critical infrastructure systems, which may include energy infrastructure, tele-communications, drinking water and waste-water, transportation networks, shore and flood protection, food production, healthcare and long-term care facilities, schools, law enforcement agencies, and public buildings, in order to improve critical infrastructure resilience in the United States and reduce the long-term economic costs from impacts related to extreme weather events or natural disasters, such as heavy rains, hurricanes, flooding, storm surge, sea-level rise, extreme temperatures or temperature changes, wildfires, earthquakes, or tornadoes, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1276. Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. B
URR, and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO CONTINUED FUNDING FOR THE CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANT PROGRAM OF THE FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investment in the Capital Investment Grant program, which may include measures to build and improve subway, commuter rail, light rail, bus rapid transit, streetcar, or ferry projects to sup-port strong, safe, and efficient public trans-portation systems, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1277. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2001, strike subsection (c) and insert the following: (c) C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , E DUCATION , L
ABOR , AND PENSIONS .—The Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (d) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—The Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (e) C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  G
OVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the def-icit by not less than $1,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (f) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later than November 13, 2017, the Committees named in subsections (a) through (e) shall submit their recommendations to the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon re-ceiving such recommendations, the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate shall re-port to the Senate a reconciliation bill car-rying out all such recommendations without any substantive revision. 
SA 1278. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 47, line 6, strike ‘‘$1,500,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,000,000,000,000’’. 
SA 1279. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPROVING BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT UNDER THE RURAL DEVELOPMENT MISSION AREA OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AG-RICULTURE ON TRIBAL LAND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving broadband de-ployment under the rural development mis-sion area of the Department of Agriculture on Tribal land by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1280. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO HELPING PROVIDE IN-CREASED VOTING SECURITY FOR THE VOTING SYSTEMS OF THE UNITED STATES TO PROTECT AGAINST INTRUSION, THEFT, MANIP-ULATION, AND DELETION OF VOTER REGISTRATION DATA, BALLOTS, OR VOTES CAST, AND TO PREVENT CYBER ATTACKS FROM MALICIOUS COMPUTER HACKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to securing State election systems from intrusion, theft, manipulation, and deletion of voter registration data, bal-lots, or votes cast, and to prevent cyber at-tacks from malicious computer hackers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1281. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.088 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6563 October 18, 2017 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 4207. PROHIBITION ON DETAINING, REMOV-ING, OR DEPORTING ALIENS ON WHOSE BEHALF PRIVATE RELIEF BILLS HAVE BEEN INTRODUCED. 
No Federal funding or other Federal re-sources made available during fiscal year 2018 may be used to detain, remove, or deport any alien on whose behalf a private relief bill has been introduced by a member of Con-gress during the 115th Congress. 
SA 1282. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO BRINGING ABOUT FAIRNESS TO THE TAXATION OF BUSINESS EARNINGS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include provisions to align the American tax system with our trading partners by bringing fairness to the taxation of American business income, which may in-clude ensuring the owners of capital bear the full burden of the taxation of business in-come, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1283. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PERMANENT TAX RE-LIEF FOR MAJOR DISASTERS DE-CLARED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERN-MENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include permanent tax re-lief for major disasters declared by the Fed-eral government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1284. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE ISSUANCE OF NEW LEASES IN THE OUTER CONTI-NENTAL SHELF. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the expansion of leasing in the outer Continental Shelf by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1285. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41lll. SCORING RULE FOR AMOUNTS RE-CEIVED FROM OFFSHORE DRILLING LEASES IN THE SENATE. 
In the Senate, for purposes of determining points of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, amounts received under any offshore drilling lease entered into or modified after the date on which this concurrent resolution is agreed to shall not count as revenue of the Federal Government, if the amounts are re-quired to be distributed to States or units of local government. 
SA 1286. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TAX RELIEF FOR HARD-WORKING MIDDLE-CLASS AMERICANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-as-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include tax relief for hard- working middle-class American taxpayers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1287. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41lll. ENFORCEMENT OF ALLOCATIONS, AGGREGATES, AND OTHER LEVELS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—During each of fiscal years 2018 through 2027, it shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cause the amount of new budget authority, outlays, or deficits to be more than, or would cause the amount of revenues to be less than, the amount set forth under any allocation, aggregate, or other level established under this resolution. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1288. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CONSID-ERATION OF A CONCURRENT RESO-LUTION ON THE BUDGET THAT DOES NOT INCLUDE INFORMATION RELAT-ING TO THE SOLVENCY OF THE SO-CIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any concur-rent resolution on the budget for a fiscal year, or any amendment thereto, or any con-ference report thereon, which does not in-clude the following information: (1) The year in which the asset reserves of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.002 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6564 October 18, 2017 
Trust Fund are projected to become depleted (as estimated by the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds). (2) The year in which the asset reserves of the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are projected to become depleted (as esti-mated by the Board of Trustees of the Fed-eral Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds). (3) For each of the years identified under paragraph (1) and (2), the projected amount (expressed as a percentage) by which benefits scheduled to be paid under the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund or the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as applicable, shall be reduced as a result of the trust fund having insufficient assets to meet its obligations (as estimated by the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1289. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 83, line 20, insert ‘‘, by an affirma-tive vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn,’’ after ‘‘emergency re-quirement’’. 
SA 1290. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41lll. DUPLICATION DETERMINATIONS BY THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered legislation’’ means a bill or resolu-tion of a public character reported by any committee of the Senate. (b) D
UPLICATION DETERMINATIONS BY THE  C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE .—Any esti-mate provided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) for covered legislation shall include an analysis that in-cludes— (1) a determination of whether the covered legislation creates any new Federal program, office, or initiative that would duplicate or overlap with any existing Federal entity with similar mission, purpose, goals, or ac-tivities; and (2) a listing of all such instances of dupli-cation or overlapping created by the covered legislation. (c) P
OINT OF ORDER .— (1) IN GENERAL .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any covered legisla-tion unless the committee reporting the cov-ered legislation has posted on the public website of the committee the analysis de-scribed in subsection (b). (2) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Paragraph (1) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under paragraph (1). 
SA 1291. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4114. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST FUNDING PROGRAMS THAT HAVE BEEN EX-PIRED FOR MORE THAN 5 YEARS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to consider a provision in a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that appropriates amounts for a program for which the authorizing author-ity has been expired for more than 5 fiscal years. (2) P
OINT OF ORDER SUSTAINED .—If a point of order is made by a Senator against a pro-vision described in paragraph (1), and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that provision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (b) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subsection (a)(1) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (c) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subsection (a)(1), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— In the Senate, this section may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chose and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. SA 1292. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON TREAT-MENT OF REDUCTION OF APPRO-PRIATIONS LEVELS TO ACHIEVE SAVINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) H. Con. Res. 448 (96th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 1981, gave authorizing committees reconciliation instructions which amounted to approximately two-thirds of the savings required under reconciliation. (2) The language in H. Con. Res. 448 re-sulted in a debate about how reconciling dis-cretionary spending programs could be in order given that authorizations of appropria-tions for programs did not actually change spending and the programs authorized would be funded through later annual appropria-tion. The staff of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and Marty Gold, coun-sel to the Majority Leader, advised that upon consultation with the Parliamentarian, the original instructions on discretionary spending would be out of order because of the phrase, ‘‘to modify programs’’. This was seen as too broad and programs could be modified without resulting in changes to their future appropriations. (3) To rectify this violation, the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate reported S. Con. Res. 9 (97th Congress), revising the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal years 1981, 1982, and 1983, to include reconciliation, which revised the language in the reconciliation instruc-tions to change entitlement law and ‘‘to re-port changes in laws within the jurisdiction of that committee sufficient to reduce appro-priations levels so as to achieve savings’’. (4) This was understood to mean changes in authorization language of discretionary pro-grams would be permissible under reconcili-ation procedures provided such changes in law would have the result in affecting a change in later outlays derived from future appropriations. Further it was understood that a change in authorization language that caused a change in later outlays was consid-ered to be a change in outlays for the pur-pose of reconciliation. (5) On April 2, 1981, the Senate voted 88 to 10 to approve S. Con. Res. 9 with the modi-fied reconciliation language. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that committees reporting changes in laws within the jurisdiction of that committee sufficient to reduce appro-priations levels so as to achieve savings shall be considered to be changes in outlays for the purpose of enforcing the prohibition on extraneous matters in reconciliation bills. 
SA 1293. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.009 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6565 October 18, 2017 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. VOTING THRESHOLD FOR POINTS OF ORDER. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered point of order’’ means a point of order— (1) under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.), or a concurrent resolu-tion; and (2) which, but for subsection (b), may be waived only by the affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn. (b) V
OTING THRESHOLD .—In the Senate— (1) a covered point of order may be waived only by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn; and (2) an affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a covered point of order. 
SA 1294. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2001 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 2001. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) C OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE .—The Com- mittee on Agriculture of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit by not less than $210,740,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (b) C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—The Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction that reduce the deficit by not less than $21,070,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (c) C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , E DUCATION , L
ABOR , AND PENSIONS .—The Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit by not less than $421,480,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (d) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  R
ESOURCES .—The Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit by not less than $526,850,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (e) C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE .—The Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that— (1) reduce new budget authority by not less than $1,095,840,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (2) increase the deficit by not more than $1,5000,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (f) C
OMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND U
RBAN AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Sen-ate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit by not less than $295,030,000,000 for the period of fis-cal years 2018 through 2027. (g) C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  G
OVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit by not less than $737,590,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (h) COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—The Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction that reduce the deficit by not less than $948,330,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (i) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit by not less than $21,070,000,000 for the period of fis-cal years 2018 through 2027. (j) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later than November 13, 2017, the Committees named in subsections (a) through (i) shall submit their recommendations to the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon re-ceiving such recommendations, the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate shall re-port to the Senate a reconciliation bill car-rying out all such recommendations without any substantive revision. 
SA 1295. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 47, line 6, strike ‘‘$1,500,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,000,000,000,000’’. 
SA 1296. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2001 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 2001. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) C OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE .—The Com- mittee on Agriculture of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $4,800,000,000. (b) C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—The Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $480,000,000. (c) C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , E DUCATION , L
ABOR , AND PENSIONS .—The Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $9,660,000,000. (d) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  R
ESOURCES .—The Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $12,070,000,000. (e) C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE .—The Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that— (1) reduce new budget authority for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $25,100,000,000; and (2) that increase the deficit by not more than $1,500,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (f) COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND U
RBAN AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Sen-ate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $6,760,000,000. (g) C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  G
OVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $16,900,000,000. (h) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—The Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $21,720,000,000. (i) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that reduce the deficit for fiscal year 2018 by not less than $480,000,000. (j) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later than November 13, 2017, the Committees named in subsections (a) through (i) shall submit their recommendations to the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon re-ceiving such recommendations, the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate shall re-port to the Senate a reconciliation bill car-rying out all such recommendations without any substantive revision. 
SA 1297. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—Congress declares that this resolution is the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 and that this resolution sets forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses Sec. 1101. Recommended levels and amounts. Sec. 1102. Major functional categories. Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate Sec. 1201. Social Security in the Senate. Sec. 1202. Postal Service discretionary ad-ministrative expenses in the Senate. TITLE II—RECONCILIATION Sec. 2001. Reconciliation in the Senate. Sec. 2002. Reconciliation in the House of Representatives. TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS Sec. 3001. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to protect flexible and affordable health care for all. Sec. 3002. Revenue-neutral reserve fund to reform the American tax sys-tem. Sec. 3003. Reserve fund for reconciliation legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.010 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6566 October 18, 2017 
Sec. 3004. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for extending the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. Sec. 3005. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to strengthen American families. Sec. 3006. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to promote innovative educational and nutritional models and sys-tems for American students. Sec. 3007. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-prove the American banking system. Sec. 3008. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to promote American agriculture, energy, transportation, and in-frastructure improvements. Sec. 3009. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-store American military power. Sec. 3010. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for veterans and service members. Sec. 3011. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for public lands and the environ-ment. Sec. 3012. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to se-cure the American border. Sec. 3013. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to promote economic growth, the private sector, and to enhance job creation. Sec. 3014. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation modifying statutory budgetary controls. Sec. 3015. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to prevent the taxpayer bailout of pension plans. Sec. 3016. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to implementing work re-quirements in all means-tested Federal welfare programs. Sec. 3017. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to protect Medicare and repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board. Sec. 3018. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to affordable child and de-pendent care. Sec. 3019. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to worker training pro-grams. Sec. 3020. Reserve fund for legislation to provide disaster funds for relief and recovery efforts to areas devastated by hurricanes and flooding in 2017. TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS Subtitle A—Budget Enforcement Sec. 4101. Point of order against advance ap-propriations in the Senate. Sec. 4102. Point of order against certain changes in mandatory pro-grams. Sec. 4103. Point of order against provisions that constitute changes in man-datory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund. Sec. 4104. Point of order against designation of funds for overseas contin-gency operations. Sec. 4105. Point of order against reconcili-ation amendments with un-known budgetary effects. Sec. 4106. Pay-As-You-Go point of order in the Senate. Sec. 4107. Honest accounting: cost estimates for major legislation to incor-porate macroeconomic effects. Sec. 4108. Adjustment authority for amend-ments to statutory caps. Sec. 4109. Adjustment for wildfire suppres-sion funding in the Senate. Sec. 4110. Adjustment for improved over-sight of spending. Sec. 4111. Repeal of certain limitations. Sec. 4112. Emergency legislation. Sec. 4113. Enforcement filing in the Senate. Subtitle B—Other Provisions Sec. 4201. Oversight of Government perform-ance. Sec. 4202. Budgetary treatment of certain discretionary administrative expenses. Sec. 4203. Application and effect of changes in allocations and aggregates. Sec. 4204. Adjustments to reflect changes in concepts and definitions. Sec. 4205. Adjustments to reflect legislation not included in the baseline. Sec. 4206. Exercise of rulemaking powers. TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses 
SEC. 1101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-priate for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2027: (1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution: (A) The recommended levels of Federal revenues are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: $2,490,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $2,613,683,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $2,755,381,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $2,883,381,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,015,847,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,162,063,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,306,948,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,463,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,654,829,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $3,825,184,000,000. (B) The amounts by which the aggregate levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: ¥$167,200,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: ¥$169,500,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: ¥$166,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: ¥$165,200,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: ¥$166,400,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: ¥$167,700,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: ¥$169,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: ¥$172,200,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: ¥$146,400,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: ¥$145,000,000,000. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution, the ap-propriate levels of total new budget author-ity are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: $3,093,721,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,220,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,319,687,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,344,861,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,501,231,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,563,762,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,607,752,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,753,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,851,463,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $3,942,710,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution, the appro-priate levels of total budget outlays are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: $3,095,740,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,266,669,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,310,493,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,370,283,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,486,230,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,532,290,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,561,834,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,710,120,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,810,435,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $3,903,041,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS .—For purposes of the enforce-ment of this resolution, the amounts of the deficits are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: $605,492,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $612,986,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $554,338,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $486,902,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $470,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $370,227,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $254,886,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $246,851,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $155,606,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $77,857,000,000. (5) P
UBLIC DEBT .—Pursuant to section 301(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(a)(5)), the appropriate levels of the public debt are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: $21,243,431,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $22,056,913,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $22,759,903,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $23,396,024,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $23,992,408,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $24,508,029,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $24,953,195,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $25,375,994,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $25,777,513,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $25,999,469,000,000. (6) DEBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The appro-priate levels of debt held by the public are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: $15,560,034,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $16,274,565,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $16,932,521,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $17,553,196,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $18,188,386,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $18,765,097,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $19,269,019,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $19,809,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $20,307,841,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $20,780,452,000,000. 
SEC. 1102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
Congress determines and declares that the appropriate levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2018 through 2027 for each major functional category are: (1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $557,253,000,000. (B) Outlays, $569,287,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $570,316,000,000. (B) Outlays, $568,721,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $584,504,000,000. (B) Outlays, $574,347,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $598,730,000,000. (B) Outlays, $584,706,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $613,707,000,000. (B) Outlays, $601,894,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $629,014,000,000. (B) Outlays, $611,538,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $644,732,000,000. (B) Outlays, $621,649,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $660,854,000,000. (B) Outlays, $641,891,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $678,183,000,000. (B) Outlays, $658,658,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $695,076,000,000. (B) Outlays, $675,108,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $45,157,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,985,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $43,978,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $44,042,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $44,060,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,702,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $43,161,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,743,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $44,183,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,045,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $45,222,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,511,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $46,283,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,062,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6567 October 18, 2017 
(A) New budget authority, $47,394,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,844,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $48,467,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,676,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology (250): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $32,565,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,909,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $33,238,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,561,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $33,908,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,191,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $34,637,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,864,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $35,401,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,666,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $36,165,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,427,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $36,940,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,167,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $37,775,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,956,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $38,617,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,773,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $39,464,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,597,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, ¥$762,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,686,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $4,392,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,869,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $4,737,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $4,615,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,558,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $3,363,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,268,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $3,069,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,994,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $3,090,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,085,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $3,106,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,168,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $3,153,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,264,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $3,238,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,442,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment (300): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $40,489,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,597,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,110,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,293,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $43,533,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,420,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $43,091,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,742,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $45,022,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,194,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $45,716,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,767,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $46,080,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,125,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $47,575,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,581,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $48,511,000,000. (B) Outlays, $47,501,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $49,280,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,326,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $22,063,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,979,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $21,564,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,898,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $20,372,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,450,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,284,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,540,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $18,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,135,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $18,894,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,354,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $19,311,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,638,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $19,881,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,112,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $20,173,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,439,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $20,280,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,542,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $9,379,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$4,060,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $12,090,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,554,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $7,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$646,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $5,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$2,364,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $7,393,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$2,715,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$3,254,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$14,163,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$4,648,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$16,202,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$4,817,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$17,747,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$6,228,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$19,133,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$6,816,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$19,990,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $89,125,000,000. (B) Outlays, $92,875,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $90,538,000,000. (B) Outlays, $92,393,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $84,687,000,000. (B) Outlays, $93,064,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $40,062,000,000. (B) Outlays, $81,597,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $71,003,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,791,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $71,930,000,000. (B) Outlays, $74,521,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $73,370,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,450,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $74,843,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,523,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $76,345,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,895,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $77,831,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,001,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development (450): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $19,018,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,697,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $19,281,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,600,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,435,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,518,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,690,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,867,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $19,778,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,506,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $20,061,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,041,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $20,347,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,277,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $20,669,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,831,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $20,985,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,353,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $21,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,932,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services (500): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $90,224,000,000. (B) Outlays, $99,348,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $100,086,000,000. (B) Outlays, $98,799,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $101,018,000,000. (B) Outlays, $101,064,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $102,034,000,000. (B) Outlays, $102,218,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $102,700,000,000. (B) Outlays, $103,178,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $102,725,000,000. (B) Outlays, $103,653,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $103,012,000,000. (B) Outlays, $103,960,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $103,798,000,000. (B) Outlays, $104,747,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $104,942,000,000. (B) Outlays, $105,921,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $106,473,000,000. (B) Outlays, $107,433,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $546,598,000,000. (B) Outlays, $558,311,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $560,622,000,000. (B) Outlays, $563,293,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6568 October 18, 2017 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $578,838,000,000. (B) Outlays, $570,311,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $574,616,000,000. (B) Outlays, $575,040,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $586,530,000,000. (B) Outlays, $583,769,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $601,742,000,000. (B) Outlays, $599,099,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $605,811,000,000. (B) Outlays, $603,443,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $617,220,000,000. (B) Outlays, $614,728,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $633,890,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,824,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $652,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $653,552,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $586,239,000,000. (B) Outlays, $585,962,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $643,592,000,000. (B) Outlays, $643,374,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $687,119,000,000. (B) Outlays, $686,926,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $734,446,000,000. (B) Outlays, $734,241,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $819,300,000,000. (B) Outlays, $819,073,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $833,885,000,000. (B) Outlays, $833,669,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $845,578,000,000. (B) Outlays, $845,355,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $934,429,000,000. (B) Outlays, $934,186,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $1,002,522,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,002,272,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $1,066,566,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,066,321,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $491,978,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,537,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $490,106,000,000. (B) Outlays, $479,627,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $493,118,000,000. (B) Outlays, $482,945,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $494,706,000,000. (B) Outlays, $485,536,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $497,021,000,000. (B) Outlays, $494,507,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $506,711,000,000. (B) Outlays, $499,405,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $515,692,000,000. (B) Outlays, $502,742,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $531,668,000,000. (B) Outlays, $520,169,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $544,483,000,000. (B) Outlays, $538,620,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $557,641,000,000. (B) Outlays, $548,723,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,683,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,683,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $43,091,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,091,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,182,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,182,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,460,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $52,915,000,000. (B) Outlays, $52,915,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $56,734,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,734,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $60,953,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,953,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,424,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,424,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $69,757,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,757,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $74,173,000,000. (B) Outlays, $74,173,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $176,446,000,000. (B) Outlays, $177,393,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $191,376,000,000. (B) Outlays, $189,441,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $198,336,000,000. (B) Outlays, $196,338,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $205,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $202,930,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $221,481,000,000. (B) Outlays, $219,320,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $219,424,000,000. (B) Outlays, $216,903,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $216,519,000,000. (B) Outlays, $214,343,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $234,741,000,000. (B) Outlays, $232,535,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $242,559,000,000. (B) Outlays, $240,210,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $251,142,000,000. (B) Outlays, $248,884,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $65,038,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,006,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $64,244,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,504,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $64,377,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,523,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $65,866,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,272,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $67,069,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,488,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $68,813,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,657,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $70,592,000,000. (B) Outlays, $70,232,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $72,432,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,865,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $74,233,000,000. (B) Outlays, $73,500,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $76,093,000,000. (B) Outlays, $75,382,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $24,675,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,889,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $25,518,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,642,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $25,989,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,994,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $26,649,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,358,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $27,311,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,973,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $27,972,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,608,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $28,485,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,134,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $29,255,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,830,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $30,052,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $30,827,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,382,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $388,767,000,000. (B) Outlays, $388,767,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $441,158,000,000. (B) Outlays, $441,158,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $497,893,000,000. (B) Outlays, $497,893,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $546,206,000,000. (B) Outlays, $546,206,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $589,086,000,000. (B) Outlays, $589,086,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $630,179,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,179,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $664,060,000,000. (B) Outlays, $664,060,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $691,250,000,000. (B) Outlays, $691,250,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $716,494,000,000. (B) Outlays, $716,494,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $736,146,000,000. (B) Outlays, $736,146,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, ¥$111,576,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$86,315,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$133,357,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$102,538,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$145,919,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$131,518,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$176,695,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$166,918,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$218,460,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$209,169,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6569 October 18, 2017 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$247,892,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$238,885,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$276,275,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$266,915,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$307,701,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$297,489,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$366,270,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$356,035,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$415,402,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$404,286,000,000. (20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, ¥$95,229,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$95,229,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$93,401,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$93,401,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$95,479,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$95,479,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$98,956,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$98,956,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$101,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$101,293,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$102,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$102,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$111,119,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$111,119,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$124,766,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$124,766,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$128,332,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$128,332,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$141,303,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$141,303,000,000. (21) Overseas Contingency Operations (970): Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $76,591,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,121,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $50,000,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,676,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $25,000,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,675,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $12,000,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,684,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $8,901,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $3,053,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $946,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $264,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate 
SEC. 1201. SOCIAL SECURITY IN THE SENATE. 
(a) S OCIAL SECURITY REVENUES .—For pur- poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of revenues of the Federal Old-Age and Sur-vivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as fol-lows: Fiscal year 2018: $873,312,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $903,381,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $932,055,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $962,698,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $996,127,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,031,653,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,068,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,106,862,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $1,146,803,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $1,188,060,000,000. (b) S
OCIAL SECURITY OUTLAYS .—For pur- poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Dis-ability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: $849,609,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $909,109,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $972,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $1,040,108,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,111,446,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,188,081,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,266,786,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,349,334,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $1,437,032,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $1,530,362,000,000. (c) S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—In the Senate, the amounts of new budget authority and budget outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund for administrative expenses are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $5,553,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,584,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $5,716,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,713,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,888,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,856,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $6,062,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,029,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $6,241,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,207,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $6,426,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,392,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $6,617,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,581,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $6,816,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,779,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $7,024,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,985,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $7,233,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,194,000,000. 
SEC. 1202. POSTAL SERVICE DISCRETIONARY AD-MINISTRATIVE EXPENSES IN THE SENATE. 
In the Senate, the amounts of new budget authority and budget outlays of the Postal Service for discretionary administrative ex-penses are as follows: Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $281,000,000. (B) Outlays, $281,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $290,000,000. (B) Outlays, $290,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $301,000,000. (B) Outlays, $301,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $311,000,000. (B) Outlays, $311,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $322,000,000. (B) Outlays, $322,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $333,000,000. (B) Outlays, $333,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $344,000,000. (B) Outlays, $343,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $356,000,000. (B) Outlays, $355,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $369,000,000. (B) Outlays, $368,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $380,000,000. (B) Outlays, $379,000,000. TITLE II—RECONCILIATION SEC. 2001. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) C OMMITTEE ON FINANCE .—The Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction that increase the deficit by not more than $1,500,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (b) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  R
ESOURCES .—The Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (c) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later than November 13, 2017, the Committees named in subsections (a) and (b) shall submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon receiving such recommendations, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall report to the Senate a reconciliation bill carrying out all such recommendations without any sub-stantive revision. 
SEC. 2002. RECONCILIATION IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) C OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS .—The Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction that increase the deficit by not more than $1,500,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (b) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— The Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. (c) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the House of Rep-resentatives, not later than November 13, 2017, the committees named in subsections (a) and (b) shall submit their recommenda-tions to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives to carry out this section. TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 3001. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROTECT FLEXIBLE AND AFFORD-ABLE HEALTH CARE FOR ALL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to repealing or replacing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6570 October 18, 2017 
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152; 124 Stat. 1029), by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3002. REVENUE-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO REFORM THE AMERICAN TAX SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, which may include— (1) tax relief for middle-income working Americans; (2) lowering taxes on families with chil-dren; or (3) incentivizing companies to invest do-mestically and create jobs in the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation is revenue neutral and would not in-crease the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3003. RESERVE FUND FOR RECONCILIATION LEGISLATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appro-priate levels in this resolution, and make ad-justments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for any bill or joint resolution considered pursu-ant to section 2001 containing the rec-ommendations of one or more committees, or for one or more amendments to, a con-ference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in relation to such a bill or joint resolution, by the amounts necessary to ac-commodate the budgetary effects of the leg-islation, if the budgetary effects of the legis-lation comply with the reconciliation in-structions under this concurrent resolution. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE .—For purposes of this section, compliance with the reconciliation instructions under this con-current resolution shall be determined by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-et of the Senate. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR LEGISLATION .—Section 404(a) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2010, shall not apply to legislation for which the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate has exercised the authority under subsection (a). 
SEC. 3004. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR EXTENDING THE STATE CHIL-DREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to an extension of the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3005. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO STRENGTHEN AMERICAN FAMILIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) addressing the opioid and substance abuse crisis; (2) protecting and assisting victims of do-mestic abuse; (3) foster care, child care, marriage, and fa-therhood programs; (4) making it easier to save for retirement; (5) reforming the American public housing system; (6) the Community Development Block Grant Program; or (7) extending expiring health care provi-sions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SEC. 3006. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROMOTE INNOVATIVE EDU-CATIONAL AND NUTRITIONAL MOD-ELS AND SYSTEMS FOR AMERICAN STUDENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) amending the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.); (2) ensuring State flexibility in education; (3) enhancing outcomes with Federal work-force development, job training, and reem-ployment programs; (4) the consolidation and streamlining of overlapping early learning and child care programs; (5) educational programs for individuals with disabilities; or (6) child nutrition programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3007. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO IMPROVE THE AMERICAN BANKING SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the American banking system by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3008. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROMOTE AMERICAN AGRI-CULTURE, ENERGY, TRANSPOR-TATION, AND INFRASTRUCTURE IM-PROVEMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) the Farm Bill; (2) American energy policies; (3) the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; (4) North American energy development; (5) infrastructure, transportation, and water development; (6) the Federal Aviation Administration; (7) the National Flood Insurance Program; (8) State mineral royalty revenues; or (9) soda ash royalties, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SEC. 3009. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO RESTORE AMERICAN MILITARY POWER. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) improving military readiness, including deferred Facilities Sustainment Restoration and Modernization; (2) military technological superiority; (3) structural defense reforms; or (4) strengthening cybersecurity efforts, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3010. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR VETERANS AND SERVICE MEM-BERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the delivery of benefits and services to veterans and service members by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3011. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR PUBLIC LANDS AND THE ENVI-RONMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (2) forest health and wildfire prevention and control; (3) resources for wildland firefighting for the Forest Service and Department of Inte-rior; (4) the payments in lieu of taxes program; or (5) the secure rural schools and community self-determination program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6571 October 18, 2017 
2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3012. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO SECURE THE AMERICAN BORDER. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) securing the border of the United States; (2) ending human trafficking; or (3) stopping the transportation of narcotics into the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3013. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROMOTE ECONOMIC GROWTH, THE PRIVATE SECTOR, AND TO ENHANCE JOB CREATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) reducing costs to businesses and indi-viduals stemming from Federal regulations; (2) increasing commerce and economic growth; or (3) enhancing job creation, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3014. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR LEGISLATION MODIFYING STAT-UTORY BUDGETARY CONTROLS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to modifying statutory budget controls, which may include adjust-ments to the discretionary spending limits and changes to the scope of sequestration as carried out by the Office of Management and Budget, such as for the Financial Accounting Standards Board, Public Company Account-ing Oversight Board, Securities Investor Pro-tection Corporation, and other similar enti-ties, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3015. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PREVENT THE TAXPAYER BAILOUT OF PENSION PLANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the prevention of tax-payer bailout of pension plans, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SEC. 3016. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO IMPLEMENTING WORK REQUIREMENTS IN ALL MEANS- TESTED FEDERAL WELFARE PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to implementing work re-quirements in all means-tested Federal wel-fare programs by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3017. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROTECT MEDICARE AND REPEAL THE INDEPENDENT PAYMENT ADVI-SORY BOARD. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.), which may include repealing the Independent Payment Advisory Board established under section 1899A of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kkk), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3018. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO AFFORDABLE CHILD AND DEPENDENT CARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to making the cost of child and dependent care more affordable and use-ful for American families by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SEC. 3019. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO WORKER TRAINING PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to worker training pro-grams, such as training programs that target workers that need advanced skills to progress in their current profession or ap-prenticeship or certificate programs that provide retraining for a new industry, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SEC. 3020. RESERVE FUND FOR LEGISLATION TO PROVIDE DISASTER FUNDS FOR RE-LIEF AND RECOVERY EFFORTS TO AREAS DEVASTATED BY HURRI-CANES AND FLOODING IN 2017. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing disaster funds for relief and recovery to areas devastated by hurricanes and flooding in 2017, by the amounts necessary to accommodate the budgetary effects of the legislation. TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS Subtitle A—Budget Enforcement 
SEC. 4101. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ADVANCE APPROPRIATIONS IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) P
OINT OF ORDER .—Except as provided in subsection (b), it shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that would provide an advance appropriation for a dis-cretionary account. (2) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘advance appropriation’’ means any new budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for fiscal year 2018 that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2018, or any new budget au-thority provided in a bill or joint resolution making general appropriations or continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2019. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Advance appropriations may be provided— (1) for fiscal years 2019 and 2020 for pro-grams, projects, activities, or accounts iden-tified in the joint explanatory statement of managers accompanying this concurrent res-olution under the heading ‘‘Accounts Identi-fied for Advance Appropriations’’ in an ag-gregate amount not to exceed $28,852,000,000 in new budget authority in each fiscal year; (2) for the Corporation for Public Broad-casting; and (3) for the Department of Veterans Affairs for the Medical Services, Medical Support and Compliance, Veterans Medical Commu-nity Care, and Medical Facilities accounts of the Veterans Health Administration. (c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— (1) W
AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (a) may be waived or suspended only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. (2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). (d) F
ORM OF POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subsection (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (e) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this section, and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6572 October 18, 2017 
whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. 
SEC. 4102. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CERTAIN CHANGES IN MANDATORY PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘CHIMP’’ means a provision that— (1) would have been estimated as affecting direct spending or receipts under section 252 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 902) (as in effect prior to September 30, 2002) if the pro-vision was included in legislation other than appropriation Acts; and (2) results in a net decrease in budget au-thority in the budget year, but does not re-sult in a net decrease in outlays over the pe-riod of the total of the current year, the budget year, and all fiscal years covered under the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget. (b) P
OINT OF ORDER IN THE SENATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolu-tion making appropriations for a full fiscal year, or an amendment thereto, amendment between the Houses in relation thereto, con-ference report thereon, or motion thereon, that includes a CHIMP that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all such CHIMPs enacted in relation to a full fiscal year to be more than the amount specified in paragraph (2). (2) A
MOUNT .—The amount specified in this paragraph is— (A) for fiscal year 2018, $17,000,000,000; (B) for fiscal year 2019, $15,000,000,000; and (C) for fiscal year 2020, $15,000,000,000. (c) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of this section, budgetary levels shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. (d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL IN  
THE SENATE .—In the Senate, subsection (b) may be waived or suspended only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be re-quired to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (b). (e) S
ENATE POINT OF ORDER AGAINST PROVI-
SIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS LEGISLATION THAT C
ONSTITUTE CHANGES IN MANDATORY PRO-
GRAMS WITHNETCOSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3103 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress), the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, is repealed. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—In the Senate, section 314 of S. Con. Res. 70 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2009, shall be applied and adminis-tered as if section 3103(e) of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, had not been enacted. 
SEC. 4103. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST PROVI-SIONS THAT CONSTITUTE CHANGES IN MANDATORY PROGRAMS AFFECT-ING THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘CHIMP’’ has the meaning given such term in section 4102(a); and (2) the term ‘‘Crime Victims Fund’’ means the Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 20101). (b) POINT OF ORDER IN THE SENATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—When the Senate is con-sidering a bill or joint resolution making full-year appropriations for fiscal year 2018, or an amendment thereto, amendment be-tween the Houses in relation thereto, con-ference report thereon, or motion thereon, if a point of order is made by a Senator against a provision containing a CHIMP affecting the Crime Victims Fund that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all CHIMPs affecting the Crime Victims Fund in relation to fiscal year 2018 to be more than $11,224,000,000, and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that provision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (2) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under paragraph (1) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (3) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to paragraph (1), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (4) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .—In the Senate, this subsection may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this subsection. (5) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of this subsection, budgetary levels shall be deter-mined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-et of the Senate. (c) R
EVIEW OF PROCEDURES REGARDING  C
HIMPS .—The Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate shall review existing budget enforcement procedures regarding CHIMPs included in ap-propriations legislation. These committees of jurisdiction should consult with other rel-evant committees of jurisdiction and other interested parties to review such procedures, including for Crime Victims Fund spending, and include any agreed upon recommenda-tions in subsequent concurrent resolutions on the budget. 
SEC. 4104. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST DESIGNA-TION OF FUNDS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—When the Senate is considering a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report, if a point of order is made by a Senator against a provi-sion that designates funds for fiscal year 2018 for overseas contingency operations, in ac-cordance with section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)), and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that provision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (b) FORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subsection (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (c) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subsection (a), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— In the Senate, this section may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chose and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. (e) S
USPENSION OF POINT OF ORDER .—This section shall not apply if a declaration of war by Congress is in effect. 
SEC. 4105. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST RECONCILI-ATION AMENDMENTS WITH UN-KNOWN BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to consider an amendment to or motion on a bill or joint resolution consid-ered pursuant to section 2001 if the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget submits a written statement for the Congressional Record indicating that the Chairman, after consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on the Budget, is unable to determine the effect the amendment or mo-tion would have on budget authority, out-lays, direct spending, entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, or surpluses. (b) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL IN  
THE SENATE .—In the Senate, subsection (a) may be waived or suspended only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be re-quired to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4106. PAY-AS-YOU-GO POINT OF ORDER IN THE SENATE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any direct spending or revenue legislation that would increase the on-budget deficit or cause an on-budget deficit for any of the applicable time periods as measured in paragraphs (5) and (6). (2) A
PPLICABLE TIME PERIODS .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘‘applica-ble time period’’ means any of— (A) the period of the current fiscal year; (B) the period of the budget year; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6573 October 18, 2017 
(C) the period of the current fiscal year, the budget year, and the ensuing 4 fiscal years following the budget year; or (D) the period of the current fiscal year, the budget year, and the ensuing 9 fiscal years following the budget year. (3) D
IRECT SPENDING LEGISLATION .—For pur- poses of this subsection and except as pro-vided in paragraph (4), the term ‘‘direct spending legislation’’ means any bill, joint resolution, amendment, motion, or con-ference report that affects direct spending as that term is defined by, and interpreted for purposes of, the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.). (4) E
XCLUSION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘‘direct spending legisla-tion’’ and ‘‘revenue legislation’’ do not in-clude— (A) any concurrent resolution on the budg-et; or (B) any provision of legislation that affects the full funding of, and continuation of, the deposit insurance guarantee commitment in effect on November 5, 1990. (5) B
ASELINE .—Estimates prepared pursu-ant to this subsection shall— (A) use the baseline surplus or deficit used for the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget; and (B) be calculated under the requirements of subsections (b) through (d) of section 257 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (as in effect prior to September 30, 2002) for fiscal years beyond those covered by that concurrent resolution on the budget. (6) P
RIOR SURPLUS .—If direct spending or revenue legislation increases the on-budget deficit or causes an on-budget deficit when taken individually, it must also increase the on-budget deficit or cause an on-budget def-icit when taken together with all direct spending and revenue legislation enacted since the beginning of the calendar year not accounted for in the baseline under para-graph (5)(A), except that direct spending or revenue effects resulting in net deficit reduc-tion enacted in any bill pursuant to a rec-onciliation instruction since the beginning of that same calendar year shall never be made available on the pay-as-you-go ledger and shall be dedicated only for deficit reduc-tion. (b) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEALS .— (1) W
AIVER .—This section may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by the affirma-tive vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. (2) A
PPEALS .—Appeals in the Senate from the decisions of the Chair relating to any provision of this section shall be limited to 1 hour, to be equally divided between, and con-trolled by, the appellant and the manager of the bill or joint resolution, as the case may be. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF BUDGET LEVELS .— For purposes of this section, the levels of new budget authority, outlays, and revenues for a fiscal year shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the Senate Com-mittee on the Budget. (d) R
EPEAL .—In the Senate, section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, shall no longer apply. 
SEC. 4107. HONEST ACCOUNTING: COST ESTI-MATES FOR MAJOR LEGISLATION TO INCORPORATE MACROECONOMIC EFFECTS. 
(a) CBO AND JCT E STIMATES .—During the 115th Congress, any estimate provided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) or by the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Congressional Budget Office under section 201(f) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 601(f)) for major legislation considered in the Senate shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, incorporate the budgetary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from such major legisla-tion. (b) CONTENTS .—Any estimate referred to in subsection (a) shall, to the extent prac-ticable, include— (1) a qualitative assessment of the budg-etary effects (including macroeconomic vari-ables described in subsection (a)) of the major legislation in the 20-fiscal year period beginning after the last fiscal year of the most recently agreed to concurrent resolu-tion on the budget that sets forth budgetary levels required under section 301 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632); and (2) an identification of the critical assump-tions and the source of data underlying that estimate. (c) D
ISTRIBUTIONAL EFFECTS .—Any esti-mate referred to in subsection (a) shall, to the extent practicable, include the distribu-tional effects across income categories re-sulting from major legislation. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AJOR LEGISLATION .—The term ‘‘major legislation’’ means a bill, joint resolution, conference report, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or treaty considered in the Senate— (A) for which an estimate is required to be prepared pursuant to section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) and that causes a gross budgetary effect (be-fore incorporating macroeconomic effects and not including timing shifts) in a fiscal year in the period of years of the most re-cently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budget equal to or greater than— (i) 0.25 percent of the current projected gross domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or (ii) for a treaty, equal to or greater than $15,000,000,000 for that fiscal year; or (B) designated as such by— (i) the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate for all direct spending and revenue legislation; or (ii) the Senator who is Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation for revenue legislation. (2) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .—The term ‘‘budg-etary effects’’ means changes in revenues, di-rect spending outlays, and deficits. (3) T
IMING SHIFTS .—The term ‘‘timing shifts’’ means— (A) provisions that cause a delay of the date on which outlays flowing from direct spending would otherwise occur from one fis-cal year to the next fiscal year; or (B) provisions that cause an acceleration of the date on which revenues would otherwise occur from one fiscal year to the prior fiscal year. 
SEC. 4108. ADJUSTMENT AUTHORITY FOR AMENDMENTS TO STATUTORY CAPS. 
If a measure becomes law that amends the discretionary spending limits established under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)), such as a measure increasing the limit for the revised security category for fiscal year 2018 to be $640,000,000,000, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may adjust the allocation called for under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the ap-propriate committee or committees of the Senate, and may adjust all other budgetary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this resolution, as necessary, consistent with such measure. SEC. 4109. ADJUSTMENT FOR WILDFIRE SUP-PRESSION FUNDING IN THE SENATE. 
If a measure becomes law that amends the adjustments to discretionary spending limits established under section 251(b) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)) to provide for wildfire suppression funding, which may in-clude criteria for making such an adjust-ment, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may adjust the alloca-tion called for in section 302(a) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the appropriate committee or committees of the Senate, and may adjust all other budg-etary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this concurrent resolu-tion, as necessary, consistent with such measure. 
SEC. 4110. ADJUSTMENT FOR IMPROVED OVER-SIGHT OF SPENDING. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS OF DIRECT SPENDING LEV-
ELS.—If a measure becomes law that de-creases direct spending (budget authority and outlays flowing therefrom) for any fiscal year and provides for an authorization of ap-propriations for the same purpose, the Chair-man of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may decrease the allocation to the committee of the Senate with jurisdiction of the direct spending by an amount equal to the amount of the decrease in direct spend-ing. (b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—For purposes of this section, the levels of budget authority and outlays shall be determined on the basis of estimates submitted by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. 
SEC. 4111. REPEAL OF CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. 
Sections 3205 and 3206 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 4112. EMERGENCY LEGISLATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO DESIGNATE .—In the Sen-ate, with respect to a provision of direct spending or receipts legislation or appropria-tions for discretionary accounts that Con-gress designates as an emergency require-ment in such measure, the amounts of new budget authority, outlays, and receipts in all fiscal years resulting from that provision shall be treated as an emergency require-ment for the purpose of this section. (b) E
XEMPTION OF EMERGENCY PROVI-
SIONS .—Any new budget authority, outlays, and receipts resulting from any provision designated as an emergency requirement, pursuant to this section, in any bill, joint resolution, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report shall not count for purposes of sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), section 4106 of this reso-lution, section 3101 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, and sections 401 and 404 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. Designated emergency provi-sions shall not count for the purpose of revis-ing allocations, aggregates, or other levels pursuant to procedures established under section 301(b)(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(b)(7)) for deficit-neu-tral reserve funds and revising discretionary spending limits set pursuant to section 301 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. (c) D
ESIGNATIONS .—If a provision of legisla-tion is designated as an emergency require-ment under this section, the committee re-port and any statement of managers accom-panying that legislation shall include an ex-planation of the manner in which the provi-sion meets the criteria in subsection (f). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6574 October 18, 2017 
(d) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘direct spending’’, ‘‘receipts’’, and ‘‘appro-priations for discretionary accounts’’ mean any provision of a bill, joint resolution, amendment, motion, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that affects direct spending, receipts, or appropriations as those terms have been defined and inter-preted for purposes of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.). (e) P
OINT OF ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—When the Senate is con-sidering a bill, resolution, amendment, mo-tion, amendment between the Houses, or conference report, if a point of order is made by a Senator against an emergency designa-tion in that measure, that provision making such a designation shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (2) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEALS .— (A) W
AIVER .—Paragraph (1) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. (B) A
PPEALS .—Appeals in the Senate from the decisions of the Chair relating to any provision of this subsection shall be limited to 1 hour, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the appellant and the manager of the bill or joint resolution, as the case may be. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this subsection. (3) D
EFINITION OF AN EMERGENCY DESIGNA -
TION.—For purposes of paragraph (1), a provi-sion shall be considered an emergency des-ignation if it designates any item as an emergency requirement pursuant to this sub-section. (4) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under paragraph (1) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (5) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this sec-tion, and such point of order being sustained, such material contained in such conference report shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a fur-ther amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a con-ference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference report by operation of this subsection), no further amendment shall be in order. (f) C
RITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, any provision is an emergency require-ment if the situation addressed by such pro-vision is— (A) necessary, essential, or vital (not mere-ly useful or beneficial); (B) sudden, quickly coming into being, and not building up over time; (C) an urgent, pressing, and compelling need requiring immediate action; (D) subject to paragraph (2), unforeseen, unpredictable, and unanticipated; and (E) not permanent, temporary in nature. (2) U
NFORESEEN .—An emergency that is part of an aggregate level of anticipated emergencies, particularly when normally es-timated in advance, is not unforeseen. (g) INAPPLICABILITY .—In the Senate, sec-tion 403 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010, shall no longer apply. 
SEC. 4113. ENFORCEMENT FILING IN THE SEN-ATE. 
If this concurrent resolution on the budget is agreed to by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives without the appointment of a committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may submit a statement for publication in the Congressional Record containing— (1) for the Committee on Appropriations, committee allocations for fiscal year 2018 consistent with the levels in title I for the purpose of enforcing section 302 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); (2) for all committees other than the Com-mittee on Appropriations, committee alloca-tions for fiscal years 2018, 2018 through 2022, and 2018 through 2027 consistent with the lev-els in title I for the purpose of enforcing sec-tion 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); and (3) a list of programs, projects, activities, or accounts identified for advanced appro-priations that would have been identified in the joint explanatory statement of managers accompanying this concurrent resolution. Subtitle B—Other Provisions 
SEC. 4201. OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT PER-FORMANCE. 
In the Senate, all committees are directed to review programs and tax expenditures within their jurisdiction to identify waste, fraud, abuse or duplication, and increase the use of performance data to inform com-mittee work. Committees are also directed to review the matters for congressional con-sideration identified in the Office of Inspec-tor General semiannual reports and the Of-fice of Inspector General’s list of unimplemented recommendations and on the Government Accountability Office’s High Risk list and the annual report to reduce program duplication. Based on these over-sight efforts and performance reviews of pro-grams within their jurisdiction, committees are directed to include recommendations for improved governmental performance in their annual views and estimates reports required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(d)) to the Committees on the Budget. 
SEC. 4202. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF CERTAIN DISCRETIONARY ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
In the Senate, notwithstanding section 302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)(1)), section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 632 note), and section 2009a of title 39, United States Code, the joint explanatory statement accompanying the conference report on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall in-clude in its allocations under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committees on Appro-priations amounts for the discretionary ad-ministrative expenses of the Social Security Administration and of the Postal Service. 
SEC. 4203. APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF CHANGES IN ALLOCATIONS AND AG-GREGATES. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Any adjustments of allo-cations and aggregates made pursuant to this resolution shall— (1) apply while that measure is under con-sideration; (2) take effect upon the enactment of that measure; and (3) be published in the Congressional Record as soon as practicable. (b) EFFECT OF CHANGED ALLOCATIONS AND  A
GGREGATES .—Revised allocations and ag-gregates resulting from these adjustments shall be considered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) as allocations and aggregates con-tained in this resolution. (c) B
UDGET COMMITTEE DETERMINATIONS .— For purposes of this resolution the levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spend-ing, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for a fiscal year or pe-riod of fiscal years shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate. 
SEC. 4204. ADJUSTMENTS TO REFLECT CHANGES IN CONCEPTS AND DEFINITIONS. 
Upon the enactment of a bill or joint reso-lution providing for a change in concepts or definitions, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may make ad-justments to the levels and allocations in this resolution in accordance with section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)). 
SEC. 4205. ADJUSTMENTS TO REFLECT LEGISLA-TION NOT INCLUDED IN THE BASE-LINE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may make adjustments to the levels and allocations in this resolu-tion to reflect legislation enacted before the date on which this resolution is agreed to by Congress that is not incorporated in the baseline underlying the Congressional Budg-et Office’s June 2017 update to the Budget and Economic Outlook: 2017 to 2027. 
SEC. 4206. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
Congress adopts the provisions of this title— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, and as such they shall be con-sidered as part of the rules of the Senate and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of the Senate to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as is the case of any other rule of the Senate. 
SA 1298. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, line 25, decrease the amount by $43,000,000,000. On page 5, line 13, decrease the amount by $35,948,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $33,550,000,000. On page 5, line 15, decrease the amount by $86,000,000. On page 6, line 1, decrease the amount by $35,260,000,000. On page 6, line 2, decrease the amount by $6,450,000,000. On page 6, line 3, decrease the amount by $860,000,000. On page 6, line 15, decrease the amount by $35,260,000,000. On page 6, line 16, decrease the amount by $6,450,000,000. On page 6, line 17, decrease the amount by $860,000,000. On page 7, line 3, decrease the amount by $35,260,000,000. On page 7, line 4, decrease the amount by $6,450,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.017 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6575 October 18, 2017 
On page 7, line 5, decrease the amount by $860,000,000. On page 37, line 19, decrease the amount by $43,000,000,000. On page 37, line 20, decrease the amount by $35,260,000,000. On page 37, line 24, decrease the amount by $6,450,000,000. On page 38, line 3, decrease the amount by $860,000,000. 
SA 1299. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST DUPLICA-TIVE PROGRAMS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to consider a provision in a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that creates a duplicative pro-gram. (2) P
OINT OF ORDER SUSTAINED .—If a point of order is made by a Senator against a pro-vision described in paragraph (1), and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that provision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (b) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subsection (a)(1) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (c) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subsection (a)(1), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— In the Senate, this section may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chose and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
SA 1300. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO SAME DAY VOTER REGISTRATION AND VOTING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the need for same day voter registration, an online national voter registration form, election day voter reg-istration address updates, and early or no-ex-cuse absentee voting by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1301. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2001, strike subsection (b). 
SA 1302. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2002, insert the following: 
SEC. 2003. MODIFICATION TO RECONCILIATION INSTRUCTIONS. 
Section 2001(a) and 2002(a) are null and void. 
SA 1303. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO A NATIONAL DIS-ASTER EMERGENCY VOTING BAL-LOT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to voting procedures in the event that a National disaster occurs during an election that prevents voters from access-ing polls, including a Federal write-in absen-tee ballot for domestic use, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1304. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO REPEAL OF THE INDI-VIDUAL MANDATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing relief from Obamacare taxes, which may include the re-quirement to individually purchase, or joint-ly provide, health insurance, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1305. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike subparagraphs (A) through (C) of section 4102(b)(2) and insert the following: (A) for fiscal year 2018, $8,500,000,000; (B) for fiscal year 2019, $0; and (C) for fiscal year 2020, $0. 
SA 1306. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.014 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6576 October 18, 2017 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO VETERAN HOMELESS-NESS, SUICIDE PREVENTION, AND AGRICULTURAL TRAINING PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting and improving the Department of Veterans Affairs, which may include addressing veteran homeless-ness, suicide prevention and awareness, and sustainable agricultural training for vet-erans by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1307. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING THE ABIL-ITY OF SMALL BUSINESSES TO USE VOLUNTEERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring the ability of small businesses to use volunteers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1308. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO CAREER AND TECH-NICAL EDUCATION IN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to industry-based coordina-tion of career and technical education in in-stitutions of higher education, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1309. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE USE OF FEDERAL EMINENT DOMAIN FOR TRANS-MISSION LINES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the use of Federal emi-nent domain for transmission lines by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1310. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING ACCESS TO BROADBAND IN RURAL AREAS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring access to broadband in rural areas of the United States by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1311. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INVESTMENT IN ALZ-HEIMER’S DISEASE RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing sufficient investment in Alzheimer’s disease research, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1312. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 64, line 4, insert ‘‘, and relating to promoting policies to improve disaster pre-paredness for older Americans’’ after ‘‘2017’’. 
SA 1313. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 52, line 5, insert ‘‘, which may in-clude support of opioid overdose and addic-tion prevention activities, evidence-based opioid addiction treatment activities, edu-cation and community-based activities aimed at addressing and reducing the opioid overdose and addiction epidemic, improved monitoring and prescribing practices, and enhanced research for alternatives to opioid pain medication’’ before the semicolon. 
SA 1314. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO EXPANDING HEALTH CARE OPTIONS FOR VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding health care op-tions for veterans, which may include au-thorizing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.015 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6577 October 18, 2017 
to enter into provider agreements with non- Department extended care providers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1315. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. L EAHY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO DEFUNDING THE ELECTION INTEGRITY COMMISSION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to defunding the Election Integrity Commission, which is looking into voter fraud in order to promote policies that suppress the vote, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1316. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO CRIMINAL JUSTICE DATA COLLECTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the Depart-ment of Justice to incentivize States and local law enforcement agencies to collect data on use of force incidents between law enforcement officers and civilians by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1317. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING FOR THE UNITED NATIONS POPU-LATION FUND TO SUPPORT UNAC-COMPANIED WOMAN IN INTER-NATIONAL EMERGENCY SITUATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding for unaccom-panied women to secure access to vital serv-ices, including water, sanitation facilities, food, and health care, in emergency situa-tions, including humanitarian crises or nat-ural disasters, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1318. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. B OOK-
ER)) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING COM-MUTER RAILROADS WITH ADDI-TIONAL GRANT FUNDING TO IMPLE-MENT POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL SYSTEMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing commuter rail-roads with additional grant funding to im-plement positive train control systems by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1319. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. C
OONS )) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO COMPREHENSIVE IM-PROVEMENTS TO MEDICARE HOS-PITAL WAGE-RELATED PAYMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to adjusting Medicare pay-ments for hospitals, which may include ad-justments to reflect area differences in wage levels, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1320. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 4207. LIMITATION. 
Any plan for the reorganization of the De-partment State and the United States Agen-cy for International Development (referred to in this section as ‘‘USAID’’)— (1) shall preserve the independence of USAID and its authority to directly oversee its mission to end extreme poverty and pro-mote resilient, democratic societies, while advancing the security and prosperity of the United States; and (2) may not involve the subordination of USAID to the Department of State or to any other Federal agency. 
SA 1321. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROTECTING CHIL-DREN LIVING IN FEDERALLY AS-SISTED HOUSING FROM EXPOSURE TO LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARDS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting children living in Federally assisted housing from exposure to lead-based paint hazards by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.018 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6578 October 18, 2017 
2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1322. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING FOR GRANTS FOR COMMUNITY-ORI-ENTED POLICING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding for grants for community-oriented policing by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1323. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING FOR THE AFG AND SAFER GRANT PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing assistance to firefighters, which may including funding the Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) program and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Firefighters (SAFER) grant program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1324. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. W
ARREN )) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO AVERTING THE MED-ICAID FUNDING CLIFF IN PUERTO RICO AND ENSURING STABLE MED-ICAID FUNDING FOR PUERTO RICO’S MEDICAID PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to averting the impending Medicaid funding cliff in Puerto Rico and en-suring stable Medicaid funding for Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program for the foreseeable future by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1325. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING FOR THE URBAN AREAS SECURITY INITIATIVE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing assistance for urban areas in preventing and responding to terrorist attacks, which may including fund-ing the Urban Areas Security Initiative (UASI) Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1326. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING AN EX-CLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME FOR FORGIVEN STUDENT LOANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to excluding forgiven stu-dent loans from income for tax purposes, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1327. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST FUNDING RELATING TO ASSISTANCE FOR TRADE PROMOTION FOR CUBA UNTIL THE GOVERNMENT OF CUBA IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH INTER-NATIONAL LABOUR ORGANIZATION STANDARDS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would provide funding re-lating to assistance for trade promotion for Cuba until the Government of Cuba is in compliance with International Labour Orga-nization standards. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1328. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION FUNDING THE ESTABLISH-MENT OF A UNITED STATES EM-BASSY IN HAVANA, CUBA UNTIL THE GOVERNMENT OF CUBA CEASES PROVIDING SANCTUARY TO TER-RORISTS AND AMERICAN FUGITIVES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would provide funding re-lating to establishing a United States Em-bassy in Havana, Cuba until the Government of Cuba ceases providing sanctuary to terror-ists and American fugitives. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.020 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6579 October 18, 2017 
of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1329. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENDING WASTEFUL OIL SUBSIDIES AND REFUNDING THE SAVINGS TO MIDDLE CLASS FAMILIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ending wasteful oil sub-sidies and refunding the savings to middle class families by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1330. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ (for himself, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. R
EED, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. F
RANKEN )) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ELIMI-NATING OR REDUCING FEDERAL FUNDING TO STATES UNDER THE MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would eliminate or re-duce funding to States available under law in effect on the date of the adoption of this sec-tion to provide comprehensive, affordable health care to low-income Americans by eliminating or reducing the availability of Federal financial assistance to States avail-able under section 1905(y)(1) or 1905(z)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(y)(1), 1396d(z)(2)) or other means, unless the Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Office cer-tifies that the legislation would not— (1) increase the number of uninsured Amer-icans; (2) decrease Medicaid enrollment in States that have opted to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individuals under the eligibility option established by the Af-fordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)); (3) reduce the likelihood that any State that, as of the date of the adoption of this section, has not opted to expand Medicaid under the eligibility option established by the Affordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) would opt to use that eligibility option to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individ-uals; or (4) increase the State share of Medicaid spending under that eligibility option. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1331. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD RAISE TAXES ON HOMEOWNERS BY REPEALING OR LIMITING THE REAL ESTATE PROP-ERTY TAX DEDUCTION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would raise taxes on homeowners by repealing or limiting the real estate property tax deduction. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1332. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4lll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD GIVE A TAX CUT TO COMPANIES THAT OFFSHORE AMERICAN JOBS OR USE OFFSHORE TAX LOOPHOLES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cut taxes on any company that has offshored jobs or that has used offshore tax loopholes to avoid paying its fair share. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1333. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3015 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3015. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO SECURING EARNED PEN-SION BENEFITS WITH NO CUTS AND ENSURING SOLVENCY OF THE PEN-SION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to securing earned pension benefits with no cuts and ensuring solvency of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1334. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ASEY , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST FUNDING REDUCTION FOR THE GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would result in funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative being reduced below the amount authorized under section 118(c)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)(7)). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.024 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6580 October 18, 2017 
only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1335. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUC-TIONS IN HEALTH INSURANCE COV-ERAGE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that, according to the Con-gressional Budget Office, would reduce the number of Americans with health insurance coverage, raise out-of-pocket costs, or reduce health insurance benefits. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1336. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CUTS TO MEDICAID. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would eliminate or de-crease the amount, duration, or scope of ben-efits provided under Medicaid, which may in-clude making Medicaid a block grant or es-tablishing per capita caps. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1337. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CUTS TO SENIORS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cut Social Secu-rity, Medicare, or Medicaid. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1338. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUCING TAXES FOR MILLIONAIRES AND BIL-LIONAIRES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce taxes for the top 1 percent of income earners. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1339. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST INCREAS-ING TAXES ON SENIOR CITIZENS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase taxes on senior citizens. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1340. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD RESULT IN A NET REDUCTION IN DIRECT SPENDING FOR FARM BILL PROGRAMS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would result in a net re-duction in direct spending over the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028 for Farm Bill programs under the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate according to data of the most recent spring Budget and Economic Outlook Update published by the Congres-sional Budget Office. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1341. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST INCREAS-ING TAXES ON FAMILIES WITH CHIL-DREN. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase taxes on families with children. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1342. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION PROVIDING FUNDING FOR THE ELECTION INTEGRITY COMMISSION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.035 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6581 October 18, 2017 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to consider a provision in a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that provides funding for the Election Integrity Commission unless the bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report also contains a provision re-quiring the Election Integrity Commission to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 election, including hacking or other cyber intrusion into State election systems. (2) P
OINT OF ORDER SUSTAINED .—If a point of order is made by a Senator against a pro-vision described in paragraph (1), and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that provision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (b) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subsection (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (c) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subsection (a), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— In the Senate, this section may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chose and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
SA 1343. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO EXPANDING ACCESS TO AFFORDABLE, QUALITY HEALTH INSURANCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding access to af-fordable, quality health insurance, including through policies such as increasing access under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the Medicare program, or the Med-icaid program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1344. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD ALLOW FOR A NET REDUCTION OF TAXES PAID BY PERSONS WITH INCOME OF MORE THAN $1,000,000. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would allow for a net re-duction of taxes paid by persons with income of more than $1,000,000. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1345. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD ALLOW FOR A NET REDUCTION OF TAXES PAID BY PERSONS WITH INCOME OF MORE THAN $1,000,000 AND WOULD ALLOW FOR AN INCREASE OF TAXES PAID BY INDIVIDUALS IN THE LOWEST TAX BRACKET. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would allow for a net re-duction of taxes paid by persons with income of more than $1,000,000 and would allow for an increase of taxes paid by individuals in the lowest tax bracket. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1346. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 12, increase the amount by $79,950,000,000. On page 3, line 13, increase the amount by $84,350,000,000. On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by $88,750,000,000. On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by $93,150,000,000. On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by $97,550,000,000. On page 4, line 4, increase the amount by $101,950,000,000. On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by $106,350,000,000. On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by $110,750,000,000. On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by $115,150,000,000. On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by $119,550,000,000. On page 4, line 12, increase the amount by $79,950,000,000. On page 4, line 13, increase the amount by $84,350,000,000. On page 4, line 14, increase the amount by $88,750,000,000. On page 4, line 15, increase the amount by $93,150,000,000. On page 4, line 16, increase the amount by $97,550,000,000. On page 4, line 17, increase the amount by $101,950,000,000. On page 4, line 18, increase the amount by $106,350,000,000. On page 4, line 19, increase the amount by $110,750,000,000. On page 4, line 20, increase the amount by $115,150,000,000. On page 4, line 21, increase the amount by $119,550,000,000. On page 4, line 25, increase the amount by $79,950,000,000. On page 5, line 1, increase the amount by $84,350,000,000. On page 5, line 2, increase the amount by $88,750,000,000. On page 5, line 3, increase the amount by $93,150,000,000. On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by $97,550,000,000. On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by $101,950,000,000. On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by $106,350,000,000. On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by $110,750,000,000. On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by $115,150,000,000. On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by $119,550,000,000. On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by $79,950,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $84,350,000,000. On page 5, line 15, increase the amount by $88,750,000,000. On page 5, line 16, increase the amount by $93,150,000,000. On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by $97,550,000,000. On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by $101,950,000,000. On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by $106,350,000,000. On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by $110,750,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by $115,150,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.036 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6582 October 18, 2017 
On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by $119,550,000,000. On page 19, line 11, increase the amount by $39,975,000,000. On page 19, line 12, increase the amount by $39,975,000,000. On page 19, line 15, increase the amount by $42,175,000,000. On page 19, line 16, increase the amount by $42,175,000,000. On page 19, line 19, increase the amount by $44,375,000,000. On page 19, line 20, increase the amount by $44,375,000,000. On page 19, line 23, increase the amount by $46,575,000,000. On page 19, line 24, increase the amount by $46,575,000,000. On page 20, line 2, increase the amount by $48,775,000,000. On page 20, line 3, increase the amount by $48,775,000,000. On page 20, line 6, increase the amount by $50,975,000,000. On page 20, line 7, increase the amount by $50,975,000,000. On page 20, line 10, increase the amount by $53,175,000,000. On page 20, line 11, increase the amount by $53,175,000,000. On page 20, line 14, increase the amount by $55,375,000,000. On page 20, line 15, increase the amount by $55,375,000,000. On page 20, line 18, increase the amount by $57,575,000,000. On page 20, line 19, increase the amount by $57,575,000,000. On page 20, line 22, increase the amount by $59,775,000,000. On page 20, line 23, increase the amount by $59,775,000,000. On page 22, line 20, increase the amount by $39,975,000,000. On page 22, line 21, increase the amount by $39,975,000,000. On page 22, line 24, increase the amount by $42,175,000,000. On page 22, line 25, increase the amount by $42,175,000,000. On page 23, line 3, increase the amount by $44,375,000,000. On page 23, line 4, increase the amount by $44,375,000,000. On page 23, line 7, increase the amount by $46,575,000,000. On page 23, line 8, increase the amount by $46,575,000,000. On page 23, line 11, increase the amount by $48,775,000,000. On page 23, line 12, increase the amount by $48,775,000,000. On page 23, line 15, increase the amount by $50,975,000,000. On page 23, line 16, increase the amount by $50,975,000,000. On page 23, line 19, increase the amount by $53,175,000,000. On page 23, line 20, increase the amount by $53,175,000,000. On page 23, line 23, increase the amount by $55,375,000,000. On page 23, line 24, increase the amount by $55,375,000,000. On page 24, line 2, increase the amount by $57,575,000,000. On page 24, line 3, increase the amount by $57,575,000,000. On page 24, line 6, increase the amount by $59,775,000,000. On page 24, line 7, increase the amount by $59,775,000,000. 
SA 1347. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ASSISTING ROHINGYA VICTIMS OF THE BURMESE MILI-TARY’S ETHNIC CLEANSING CAM-PAIGN AND SUPPORTING PEACE AND RECONCILIATION PROGRAMS IN RAKHINE STATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to assisting victims of the Burmese military’s ethnic cleansing cam-paign targeting Rohingya in Rakhine State, including refugees in Bangladesh, and sup-porting peace and reconciliation programs in Rakhine State, including support for human-itarian organizations, United Nations agen-cies, and nongovernmental organizations supporting the implementation of the rec-ommendations of the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State or otherwise seeking to provide humanitarian assistance to victims of the Burmese military, including gender based violence, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1348. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUCED AGENCY RESOURCES OR AUTHORITY FOR CONSUMER FINANCIAL PRO-TECTION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that reduces agency resources or authority for consumer financial protec-tion. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1349. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST AN UNLEVEL PLAYING FIELD IN EN-ERGY. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would provide greater net benefits for fossil fuels than for renewable energy sources. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1350. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO CREATING JOBS BY INVESTING IN THE NATION’S INFRA-STRUCTURE AND INCREASING REV-ENUE THROUGH CLOSING TAX LOOPHOLES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to infrastructure, which may include investing $1,000,000,000,000 in in-frastructure while substantially increasing revenues to the Treasury by closing cor-porate tax loopholes, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1351. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO STREAMLINING AND IMPROVING INCOME-DRIVEN REPAY-MENT PROGRAMS FOR FEDERAL STUDENT LOANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.037 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6583 October 18, 2017 
resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to streamlining and improv-ing income-driven repayment programs for Federal student loans, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1352. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD PAY FOR TAX BREAKS FOR THE WEALTHY BY RE-DUCING FEDERAL FUNDING FOR THE MEDICAID PROGRAM. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would pay for tax breaks for the wealthy by reducing Federal funding for the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1353. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO RELATING TO ALLOW-ING THE COLLECTION AND PUBLI-CATION OF VISITOR LOG DATA FOR THE WHITE HOUSE AND OTHER LO-CATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to making Federal Govern-ment records available to the public, which may include allowing for the collection and publication of visitor log data for the White House and other locations at which the President regularly conducts official busi-ness, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1354. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-LATING TO ADVANCING WOMEN’S HEALTH CARE INTO THE 21ST CEN-TURY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving women’s health care services, which may include measures such as— (1) expanding awareness regarding, and ex-panding access without cost-sharing to, the full range of preventive services for all women, such as contraception, breast cancer screenings, mammograms, domestic violence screenings and counseling, lactation support and counseling, screening for gestational di-abetes, testing for and counseling on sexu-ally transmitted infections, and well-women visits, as provided for under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148); (2) supporting access to women’s primary care by investing in nurse practitioners and other health care providers; (3) improving maternal safety and quality of care; (4) requiring coverage without cost-sharing of any over-the-counter oral contraception approved or regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, and ensuring that any re-tailer that stocks oral contraception for rou-tine, daily use approved or regulated by the Food and Drug Administration for use with-out a prescription may not interfere with an individual’s access to or purchase of such contraception; or (5) providing compassionate assistance through medically-accurate information and services, including emergency contraception and forensic medical examinations for sur-vivors of rape, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1355. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO POVERTY REDUCTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting policies seek-ing to improve the economic security of low- income individuals and families, including by lifting families out of poverty, increasing educational attainment, and addressing the needs of vulnerable children and parents con-currently, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1356. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INCREASING LIMITA-TIONS ON FARM SERVICE AGENCY DIRECT AND GUARANTEED OWNER-SHIP AND OPERATING LOANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing limitations on Farm Service Agency direct and guaranteed ownership and operating loans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1357. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, line 25, increase the amount by $91,284,000,000. On page 5, line 1, increase the amount by $100,317,000,000. On page 5, line 2, increase the amount by $110,504,000,000. On page 5, line 3, increase the amount by $130,943,000,000. On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by $135,734,000,000. On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by $55,044,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by $82,034,000,000. On page 5, line 15, increase the amount by $98,068,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.038 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6584 October 18, 2017 
On page 5, line 16, increase the amount by $117,125,000,000. On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by $127,516,000,000. On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by $49,078,000,000. On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by $18,412,000,000. On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by $7,389,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by $2,172,000,000. On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by $91,284,000,000. On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by $55,044,000,000. On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by $100,317,000,000. On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by $82,034,000,000. On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by $110,504,000,000. On page 8, line 5, increase the amount by $98,068,000,000. On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by $130,943,000,000. On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by $117,125,000,000. On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by $135,734,000,000. On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by $127,516,000,000. On page 8, line 17, increase the amount by $49,078,000,000. On page 8, line 21, increase the amount by $18,412,000,000. On page 8, line 25, increase the amount by $7,389,000,000. On page 9, line 4, increase the amount by $2,172,000,000. 
SA 1358. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING EXPANSION OF THE CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
It is the sense of the Senate that tax re-form legislation that expands the Child Tax Credit should also increase the refundable portion of the Child Tax Credit. 
SA 1359. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO REFUNDABLE POR-TION OF THE CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing per-child Fed-eral tax relief, which may include amending the refundable portion of the Child Tax Cred-it, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1360. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 62, lines 19 and 20, strike ‘‘the cost of child’’ and all that follows through ‘‘and useful’’ and insert ‘‘the cost of raising chil-dren and taking care of dependents more af-fordable’’. 
SA 1361. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ADDITIONAL CHILD TAX CREDIT IN PUERTO RICO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to allowing otherwise eligi-ble families in Puerto Rico with one child or two children to claim the additional child tax credit, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1362. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REDUCTION OF PAYROLL TAXES. 
In the Senate, no point of order shall lie under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 against any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that reduces any taxes assessed pursuant to the Federal Insurance Contributions Act. 
SA 1363. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. ENZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPOSING NEW SANC-TIONS-IN-WAITING TO REQUIRE IRAN TO ALLOW THE INTER-NATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY TO IMMEDIATELY INSPECT IRANIAN MILITARY SITES SUSPECTED OF HAVING NUCLEAR WEAPONS-RE-LATED ACTIVITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to imposing new sanctions- in-waiting to require Iran to allow the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency to imme-diately inspect Iranian military sites sus-pected of having nuclear weapons-related ac-tivities, which may include amending the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1364. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPOSING NEW SANC-TIONS-IN-WAITING TO DETER IRAN FROM ACQUIRING URANIUM EN-RICHMENT CAPABILITIES THAT GIVE IT NUCLEAR BREAKOUT CAPA-BILITY OF LESS THAN ONE YEAR. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to imposing new sanctions- in-waiting to deter Iran from acquiring ura-nium enrichment capabilities that give it nuclear breakout capability of less than one year, which may include amending the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1365. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.052 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6585 October 18, 2017 
Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPOSING NEW SANC-TIONS-IN-WAITING TO DETER IRAN FROM TESTING, MANUFACTURING, OR DEPLOYING AN INTERCONTI-NENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE OR ANY OTHER NEW BALLISTIC OR CRUISE MISSILE CAPABILITIES THAT CAN THREATEN THE UNITED STATES OR ISRAEL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to imposing new sanctions- in-waiting to deter Iran from testing, manu-facturing, or deploying an intercontinental ballistic missile or any other new ballistic or cruise missile capabilities that can threaten the United States or Israel, which may in-clude amending the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1366. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPOSING NEW SANC-TIONS TO DETER ANY NUCLEAR WEAPONS-RELATED COOPERATION BETWEEN IRAN AND NORTH KOREA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to imposing new sanctions to deter any nuclear weapons-related co-operation between Iran and North Korea, which may include amending the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1367. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING ACCOUNT-ABILITY FOR FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring accountability for Federal agencies, which may include re-quiring Federal agencies to submit reports on outstanding Government Accountability Office and Inspector General recommenda-tions in the annual budget justification sub-mitted to Congress, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1368. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 56, line 23, insert ‘‘or relating to supporting additional efforts to increase ac-cess to health care for veterans in rural areas through telehealth and other programs that reduce the need for such veterans to travel long distances to a medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs’’ after ‘‘members’’. 
SA 1369. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD ALLOW FOR ANY CORPORATION THAT TURNS A PROF-IT AND HAS MORE THAN $1,000,000,000 OF ANNUAL REVENUE TO PAY NO FEDERAL INCOME TAX. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would allow for any cor-poration that turns a profit and has more than $1,000,000,000 of annual revenue to pay no Federal income tax. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1370. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. BALDWIN , Mr. K ING, Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A PER-MANENT FUNDING STREAM FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREAT-MENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a permanent funding stream for the Substance Abuse Pre-vention and Treatment block grant program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1371. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST PRO-VIDING A TAX CUT TO THE TOP 1 PERCENT OR CREATING A LOOP-HOLE FOR WEALTHY TAX DODGERS THROUGH LOWERING THE PASS- THROUGH TAX RATE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report relating to a reconciliation bill that would— (1) provide a tax cut on business income to individuals in the top 1 percent of income, or (2) increase the incentive for workers to re-ceive compensation from their current em-ployer through a pass-through business rath-er than in the form of higher-taxed wages. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1372. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. U DALL , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. R EED, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. C ASEY ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.053 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6586 October 18, 2017 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD PRIVATIZE MEDI-CARE OR LIMIT FEDERAL FUNDING FOR MEDICAID. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) increase the eligibility age under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); (2) privatize the Medicare program or turn the program into a voucher system; or (3) decrease or cap Federal funding of State Medicaid programs under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), or alter such funding of such programs in such a manner that would decrease the amount of Federal funding available to States to elect to pro-vide medical assistance to low-income, non- elderly individuals under the eligibility op-tion established by the Affordable Care Act in section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1373. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. U DALL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R
EED, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO PROVIDE AFFORDABLE AND HIGH- QUALITY CHILD CARE AND EARLY LEARNING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to improve child care and early learning programs, which may include such measures as— (1) providing Federal assistance to limit the percent of income families pay toward the cost of child care; (2) providing access to high-quality pre-school for all low- and moderate-income chil-dren; (3) investing in our Nation’s child care and early learning workforce; (4) increasing services and supports for in-fants, toddlers, and children with disabilities to promote access to inclusive, high-quality child care settings; or (5) providing adequate funding to ensure that Head Start programs can meet the ex-tended duration requirements set forth in the Head Start performance standards de-scribed in section 641A(a) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9836a(a)) for 2016, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1374. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. B ENNET , and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PARITY AND PERMA-NENCY FOR INCREASED UTILIZA-TION OF ENERGY TAX POLICIES SUP-PORTING THE TREATMENT OF EN-ERGY-RELATED PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNERSHIPS THAT PROMOTE CLEAN ENERGY IN THE UNITED STATES . 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing parity and permanency for energy finance mechanisms supporting the treatment of energy-related publicly traded partnerships that promote clean energy, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1375. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT INCLUDES DEFICIT-FI-NANCED TAX CUTS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that includes tax cuts and would cause or increase a deficit or reduce a surplus. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 1376. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , and Mr. D URBIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INCREASING THE VALUE OF THE EARNED INCOME CREDIT AND THE CHILD TAX CREDIT FOR WORKING FAMILIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing the value of the earned income credit for workers that do not claim children on their tax returns, in-creasing the value of the child tax credit for the parents of young children, and indexing the child tax credit for inflation, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1377. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 52, line 10, insert ‘‘by fully pre-serving the current pre-tax retirement sav-ings incentives’’ after ‘‘retirement’’. 
SA 1378. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROVIDING TAX BENE-FITS TO PATRIOT EMPLOYERS THAT INVEST IN AMERICAN JOBS AND PROVIDE FAIR PAY AND BENEFITS TO WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.062 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6587 October 18, 2017 
resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to income taxes paid by businesses, which may include measures pro-viding tax breaks for companies that have not moved overseas to avoid paying their fair share of taxes, have maintained or ex-panded their United States workforce, or have provided fair wages and quality health insurance, prepared workers for retirement, hired veterans and workers with disabilities, and provided paid family medical leave, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1379. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE NATIONAL INSTI-TUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECH-NOLOGY CONVENING AN ONGOING GOVERNMENT-WIDE EFFORT TO PROVIDE FORWARD-LOOKING CLI-MATE INFORMATION TO STANDARDS ORGANIZATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the National Institute of Standards and Technology, in consultation with the United States Global Change Re-search Program (USGCRP) and Mitigation Framework Leadership Group (MitFLG), convening an ongoing government-wide ef-fort to provide forward-looking climate in-formation to standards organizations for their consideration in the development of de-sign standards, building codes, and voluntary certifications by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1380. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUC-ING THE SUPPORT OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, PRESER-VATION, AND REHABILITATION AND FEDERAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that reduce the support of the Federal Government for affordable housing construction, preservation, and rehabilita-tion and Federal housing assistance pro-grams. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1381. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INVESTING IN FED-ERAL RESILIENCE ACTIVITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investing in Federal resil-ience activities, which may include the es-tablishment of an investment strategy by the Mitigation Framework Leadership Group or recommendations submitted to Congress by such Group on how the Federal Govern-ment should prioritize future resilience in-vestments, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1382. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TAX PROPOSALS THAT DECREASE INCOME AND WEALTH IN-EQUALITY, RATHER THAN INCREASE INCOME AND WEALTH INEQUALITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to tax proposals that de-crease income and wealth inequality, rather than increase income and wealth inequality, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1383. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO STUDYING THE FAIL-URES OF THE KANSAS STATE GOV-ERNMENT’S RECENT TAX REFORM EFFORTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to studying the failures of the Kansas State government’s recent tax reform efforts, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1384. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TAX PROPOSALS THAT INCENTIVIZE LONG-TERM ECO-NOMIC GROWTH OVER SHORT-TERM PROFIT-SEEKING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to tax proposals that incentivize long-term economic growth over short-term profit-seeking, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1385. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.061 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6588 October 18, 2017 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD CUT TAXES FOR THE RICH WITHOUT GUARANTEEING AFFORDABLE COVERAGE, BENEFITS, AND ACCESS UNDER THE MEDICAID PROGRAM FOR KIDS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cut taxes for the rich without guaranteeing affordable cov-erage, benefits, and access for children under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or the program under title XXI of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1386. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B
OOKER , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 pro-posed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO FINANCIAL CON-FLICTS OF INTEREST OF THE SIT-TING PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-DENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to eliminating the financial conflicts of interest of sitting Presidents and Vice Presidents by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1387. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROHIBITING CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES FROM SHAR-ING THE PERSONAL AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF AN INDIVIDUAL WITHOUT THE EXPLICIT CONSENT OF THE INDIVIDUAL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting credit report-ing agencies from sharing the personal and financial information of an individual with-out the explicit consent of the individual by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1388. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. U DALL , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPROVING TAX FIL-ING AND TAXPAYER ACCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that taxpayers have the option to access free, pre-filled tax returns and are able to securely access their own tax data by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1389. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO WAGE SUBSIDIES AND WELFARE REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing State flexi-bility, innovation, and efficiency in oper-ating anti-poverty programs and providing for a wage subsidy targeted at low-income individuals, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1390. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST MEDI-CARE CUTS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that cuts or privatizes Medi-care by reducing benefits, increasing bene-ficiary costs, or turning the program into a private voucher. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1391. Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO HOME ENERGY AS-SISTANCE, WEATHERIZATION, OR ENERGY EFFICIENCY PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports, relating to home energy assistance, weatherization, or energy efficiency pro-grams such as the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program under the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 8621 et seq.), the Weatherization As-sistance Program for Low-Income Persons under part A of title IV of the Energy Con-servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6861 et seq.), or the State energy conservation programs under part D of title III of the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6321 et seq.), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.068 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6589 October 18, 2017 
SA 1392. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO SIMPLIFYING THE TAX CODE AND LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD BY ELIMINATING ALL ENERGY TAX CREDITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to simplifying the tax code and leveling the playing field by eliminating all energy tax credits by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1393. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO TAX RELIEF FOR HARD-WORKING MIDDLE-CLASS AMERICANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in Federal tax laws, which may include reducing federal de-ductions, such as the state and local tax de-duction which disproportionally favors high- income individuals, to ensure relief for mid-dle-income taxpayers, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1394. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO OFFSETS FROM REV-ENUE LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TAX REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to offsets for revenue losses that may result from tax reform, which may include a temporary surtax paid by Ameri-cans in the highest Federal income tax bracket, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1395. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ADDRESSING THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC BY PROVIDING ACCESS TO PREVENTION PROGRAMS AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT FUNDING FOR STRONG INTERDICTION EFFORTS, WITH A PARTICULAR EMPHASIS ON RURAL COMMUNITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing the opioid epi-demic by providing access to prevention pro-grams and substance use disorder treatment and funding for strong interdiction efforts, with a particular emphasis on rural commu-nities by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
SA 1396. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO STRENGTHENING THE NATION’S INLAND WATERWAYS SYS-TEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening the Na-tion’s inland waterways system, which may include improving or replacing aging locks and dams, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. SA 1397. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX- RELATED LEGISLATION THAT DOES NOT ELIMINATE THE CARRIED IN-TEREST LOOPHOLE AND USE THE INCREASE IN REVENUE TO FUND CLEAN WATER AND RURAL DEVEL-OPMENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that amends the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and that does not eliminate the carried interest loophole and use the in-crease in revenue to fund the clean water state revolving fund, the safe drinking water state revolving fund, and the Department of Agriculture’s rural development programs. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1398. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1116 proposed by Mr. E
NZIto the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO STRENGTHENING IN-VESTMENTS IN CERTAIN INFRA-STRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening invest-ments in infrastructure projects that have significant impacts on the United States or a region or metropolitan area in the United States, including the Transportation Invest-ment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant program and the Infrastruc-ture for Rebuilding America (INFRA) grant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.067 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6590 October 18, 2017 
program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , intend to object to proceeding to the nomina-tion of William L. Wehrum, of Dela-ware, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, dated October 18, 2017. I, Senator T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , intend to object to proceeding to the nomina-tion of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Sub-stances of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, dated October 18, 2017. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Octo-ber 18, 2017, at 2:30 p.m.. to conduct a hearing on nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, October 18, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–430 to conduct a hearing on the following nomina-tions: Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Ad-ministrator of the Wage and Hour Divi-sion, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, all of the De-partment of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Carlos G. Muniz, of Flor-ida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education, Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, and Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, Kyle Fortson, of the District of Columbia, and Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, each to be a Member of the National Mediation Board. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, October 18, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Of-fice of Personnel Management, and Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of General Services. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, October 18, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FEDERAL SPENDING  
OVERSIGHT AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
The Subcommittee on Federal Over-sight and Emergency Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, October 18, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Broken Beakers: Federal Support for Research.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Kassamira Carter-Howard, be granted privileges of the floor for the remain-der of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Melanie Thornton, a congressional fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Michelle Rozo of my staff be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MORGAN STATE UNIVERSITY Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 293, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 293) commemorating the 150th anniversary of Morgan State Uni-versity. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 293) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
FREDERICK DOUGLASS BICENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2989, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2989) to establish the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise tonight to join my House col-leagues, Congresswoman E
LEANOR  H
OLMES NORTON and Congressman A
NDYHARRIS , to celebrate the passage of H.R. 2989, a bill to create a commis-sion to honor Frederick Douglass in 2018, in the bicentennial of his birth. Frederick Douglass was enslaved at birth on the Eastern Shore of Maryland in 1818; yet he learned to read and write. He escaped from Maryland and moved to New York. In 1845, he pub-lished his first autobiography, ‘‘The Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass: an American Slave.’’ He later escaped to Great Britain to avoid being returned to slavery. British Quakers paid for his freedom, which en-abled him to return to United States, settling in Baltimore, MD, in 1847; yet he continued to be a strong abolitionist who campaigned against slavery and in favor of the right to vote throughout the east and midwest. In 1850, he oversaw the Underground Railroad in Rochester, NY. Douglass made four trips back to the place of his birth in Talbot County, MD. He reconciled with Captain Thom-as Auld, who had enslaved him in the past. He made a pilgrimage to Tappers Corner in search of his grandmother’s cabin and his birthplace. Moreover, he invested in the African-American com-munity in Maryland through housing developments in his old neighborhood in Fells Point, now named Douglass Place, and at Highland Beach, a sum-mer resort community outside of An-napolis. Among his many accomplishments, he served as an adviser to President Lincoln. Moreover, he received several appointments in the District of Colum-bia: legislative council, U.S. Marshal, and recorder of deeds. He was subse-quently appointed Ambassador to Haiti from 1889 to 1891. Two hundred years after Douglass’s birth provides an opportunity to reflect upon his legacy. He stated, ‘‘We have to do with the past only as we can make it useful to the present and the future.’’ I look forward to working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.074 S18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6591 October 18, 2017 
with my colleagues to commemorate his bicentennial by retracing his steps and promoting his guiding principles of freedom and justice for all. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2989) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2017 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, Octo-ber 19; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H. Con. Res. 71 under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:31 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, October 19, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18OC6.092 S18OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1385 October 18, 2017 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, Oc-tober 19, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 24 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, Department of the Treasury, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, and Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. SD–538 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-tion of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, fo-cusing on fisheries science. SR–253 OCTOBER 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabili-ties to meet those threats. SVC–217 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the com-mercial satellite industry. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘the Wildfire Prevention and Mitigation Act of 2017’’. SD–406 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the eco-nomic outlook. TBA 10:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Vir-ginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, and Emily Web-ster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Admin-istrator of General Services. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1870, to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to In-dian victims of crime, S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Re-form Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian com-munities, and S. 1942, to direct the At-torney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians. SD–628 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine working and aging with disabilities from school to retirement. SD–562 OCTOBER 26 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine advanced cyber technologies that could be used to help protect electric grids and other energy infrastructure from cyberattacks. SD–366 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine improving oversight of the regulatory process, fo-cusing on lessons from state legisla-tures. SD–342 NOVEMBER 1 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine building tribal economies, focusing on modernizing tax policies that work for Indian country. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 18, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18OC8.000 E18OCPT1
D1097 Wednesday, October 18, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6491–S6591 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 1977–1983, and S. Res. 293.
                                                                  Page S6536 
Measures Passed: Morgan State University 150th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 293, commemorating the 150th anniversary of Morgan State University. 
                                                                                            Page S6590 
Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission Act: Senate passed H.R. 2989, to establish the Fred-erick Douglass Bicentennial Commission. 
                                                                                    Pages S6590–91 
Measures Considered: Congressional Budget Resolution—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
             Pages S6492–S6532 
Adopted: By 89 yeas to 9 nays (Vote No. 220), Enzi (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1144 (to Amendment No. 1116), to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund re-lating to protecting Medicare and Medicaid. 
                                                                      Pages S6518, S6521–22 
By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 223), Enzi (for Heller) Amendment No. 1146 (to Amend-ment No. 1116), to provide tax relief to American families with children to provide them with more money in their paychecks to make ends meet. 
                                                                      Pages S6518–19, S6524 
Enzi (for Collins) Amendment No. 1151 (to Amendment No. 1116), to provide tax relief to small businesses and to include provisions to prevent upper-income taxpayers from sheltering income from taxation at the appropriate rate. 
                                                  Pages S6518, S6520, S6522, S6525 
Rejected: By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 221), Enzi (for Sanders) Amendment No. 1119 (to Amendment No. 1116), to provide additional resources to restore the $1,000,000,000,000 in cuts to Medicaid paid for by reducing the tax breaks for the wealthy.                                                                       Pages S6518–19, S6523 
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 222), Enzi (for Nelson) Amendment No. 1150 (to Amendment No. 1116), to provide additional resources to restore the $473,000,000,000 in cuts to Medicare paid for by closing special interest tax loopholes. 
                                                                            Pages S6518, S6523 
Pending: Enzi Amendment No. 1116, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                       Pages S6492–S6532 
During consideration of this measure today, the Senate also took the following action: By 46 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 224), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Enzi (for Sanders/Wyden) Amendment No. 1120 (to Amendment No. 1116), to ensure that there are no tax cuts for the top 1 percent of Americans. Subse-quently, the point of order that the amendment vio-lates section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                                                        Pages S6518–21, S6524–25 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that following Leader remarks on Thursday, October 19, 2017, that it be in order to call up the following amendments, the time until 11:45 a.m. be for debate on the amendments equally divided be-tween the managers, or their designees, and that at 11:45 a.m., Senate vote on or in relation to the amendments in the order listed, with no second-de-gree amendments in order prior to the votes: Wyden Amendment No. 1302, Capito Amendment No. 1393, and Cantwell Amendment No. 1141; and that following the disposition of Cantwell Amendment No. 1141, Warner Amendment No. 1138 be called up and the time until 2 p.m. be equally divided be-tween the two managers, or their designees, and that at 2 p.m., Senate vote on or in relation to Warner Amendment No. 1138, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the vote.
         Page S6532 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18OC7.REC D18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1098 October 18, 2017 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the resolution at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, October 19, 2017.
                                                                                Page S6591 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6533–34 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S6534–35 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6535 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6537–38 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6536–37 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6532–33 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6538–90 
Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S6590 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6590 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6590 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. (Total—224)
                                                        Pages S6522–25 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:31 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, October 19, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6591.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Thomas L. Carter, of South Carolina, for the rank of Ambas-sador during his tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Council of the International Civil Aviation Organization, Jen-nifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser, Manisha Singh, of Florida, to be an Assist-ant Secretary (Economic and Business Affairs), who was introduced by Senator Sullivan, and Michael T. Evanoff, of Arkansas, to be an Assistant Secretary (Diplomatic Security), all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management, and Emily Webster Murphy, of Mis-souri, to be Administrator of General Services, who was introduced by Senator McCaskill, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. FEDERAL SUPPORT FOR RESEARCH Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management concluded a hearing to examine Federal support for research, after receiving testimony from Brian A. Nosek, University of Vir-ginia Center for Open Science, Charlottesville; Ter-ence Kealey, The Cato Institute, Cambridge, United Kingdom; and Rebecca Cunningham, University of Michigan Injury Center, Ann Arbor. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, all of the Department of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsyl-vania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission, Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education, Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, and Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, Kyle Fortson, of the District of Columbia, and Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, each to be a Member of the National Mediation Board. DOJ OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Jus-tice, after receiving testimony from former Senator Jefferson B. Sessions III, Attorney General, Depart-ment of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\D18OC7.REC D18OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1099 October 18, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 12 noon on Thursday, October 19, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider the nominations of Gregory Ibach, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary for Marketing and Reg-ulatory Programs, and William Northey, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Serv-ices, both of the Department of Agriculture, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the roles and responsibilities for defending the Nation from cyber attack; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine modernizing the Food for Peace program, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine how healthy choices can im-prove health outcomes and reduce costs, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider the nominations of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Al-lison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Geor-gia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Walter David Counts III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Scott C. Blader, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Wisconsin, Mark A. Klaassen, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming, William C. Lamar, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi, John R. Lausch, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, and J. Douglas Overbey, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18OC7.REC D18OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1100 October 18, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, October 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 71, Congressional Budget Resolu-tion, with votes on or in relation to Wyden Amendment No. 1302, Capito Amendment No. 1393, and Cantwell Amendment No. 1141 at 11:45 a.m., and Warner Amendment No. 1138 at 2 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Thursday, October 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18OC7.REC D18OCPT1