Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4697 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 2017 No. 131 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, August 4, 2017, at 1 p.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , AUGUST 2, 2017 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy God, You make the clouds Your chariot and walk upon the wind. You illuminate the darkness with Your presence and provide for the salvation of our souls. Great is Your faithfulness. Today, make our lawmakers heirs of peace, demonstrating that they are Your children, as they strive to stay within the circle of Your loving provi-dence for their lives. May they take pleasure in doing Your will, knowing that by so doing, they are fulfilling Your purposes in our world. Lord, You are never far from us, but often we are far from You. So show us Your ways and teach us Your paths. Thank You that Your mercy is from everlasting to everlasting upon those who come to You with reverence. May Your glory endure forever. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as I said yesterday, the Senate has more work ahead this legislative period, in-cluding passing the FDA user fees leg-islation and confirming a number of nominees. We have made important progress al-ready, and just last night we passed the critical Veterans Choice legislation. That bill, which is now on its way to the President’s desk, will allow many veterans to bypass long wait and travel times at VA facilities by accessing pri-vate care. We also confirmed several nominees. We confirmed eight officials who will be critical to advancing administration policy in the Defense Department. It is a good start, but we have other nomi-nees to confirm for many other posi-tions, both security- and nonsecurity- related, across many different agencies and departments. In the national secu-rity realm, for instance, we must con-firm nominees for the Department of Homeland Security, Department of State, and the intelligence community. The Senate also came together to confirm a well-qualified judicial nomi-nee for the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, as well as the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Chris-topher A. Wray. The position of FBI Director is one of great importance when it comes to protecting the Amer-ican people, especially at a time when we face a range of threats both at home and abroad. Wray’s impressive creden-tials, demeanor, and commitment to the rule of law make clear that he is the right person to lead the Bureau in its efforts to keep our communities safe. The work of an FBI Director is difficult, but I am confident that Wray is capable of shouldering this impor-tant responsibility and that he will lead the FBI with the strength and pro-fessionalism that the position de-mands. Our work on nominees continues today. We will, for instance, take a procedural vote on the nomination for the National Labor Relations Board later this morning. But there is more to do. I was pleased to hear the Demo-cratic leader reaffirm his interest in working with us now to clear more nominees before the conclusion of this work period. Many of these nominees have been held up far too long, leaving the administration without a number of key officials at various agencies. I look forward to our Democratic col-leagues working with us to finish up the FDA user fees legislation that I mentioned earlier, as well. Members will continue to work on other issues in the meantime, such as tax reform, which is one of the things the Senate— led by the Finance Committee—will turn its collective attention toward after the State work period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.000 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4698 August 2, 2017 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, during the 8 years of the Obama admin-istration, our economy failed to live up to its full potential—meager growth rates, wages that failed to keep pace, and a decline in opportunities. Middle- class families were hurting, and they needed policies that would allow the economy to begin to grow again. Unfor-tunately, the last administration often gave them exactly the opposite. Some were sins of commission, such as mak-ing things worse with an aggressive regulatory rampage. Others were sins of omission, such as failing to address an outdated tax code that has made American companies increasingly un-competitive in a global economy and, as a result, has moved investment and jobs offshore. Then, in November Americans chose to go in a different direction. They elected a pro-growth President who would sign legislation from a pro- growth Congress. Ever since, we have been working to turn the tide back in favor of the middle class. We have un-dertaken what has been described as the ‘‘most ambitious regulatory rollbacks since Reagan.’’ We have pur-sued policies that can once again en-courage job growth and American in-vestment. Just last week, the administration and congressional leaders and, most importantly, the chairmen of the Sen-ate Finance and the House Ways and Means Committees issued a joint state-ment outlining shared principles for unleashing the American economy through comprehensive tax reform. Comprehensive tax reform represents the single most important action we can take now to grow the economy and to help middle-class families finally get ahead. It is no secret that the cur-rent Tax Code is overly complex and highly punitive and makes it harder for individuals and small businesses to succeed. Fortunately, we now have a once-in- a-generation opportunity to fundamen-tally rethink it. It has been over three decades since that last happened. In the years since, the international econ-omy has grown much more competi-tive. American workers and American businesses have only found it harder to keep up with foreign contenders. Put simply, the rest of the world is running circles around us in this area, making it more difficult for American firms to hire, invest, and compete. The time has come to fix this so we can help our economy grow and help the individuals and families we rep-resent realize their true potential. For families, we want to make their taxes simpler, fairer, and lower. For small businesses, we want to provide the con-ditions they need to form, invest, and grow. For all American businesses and their employees, we want to ensure they have the best chance to compete with foreign companies and succeed. We want a tax system that encourages American companies to bring jobs home again. These are some of the key goals of tax reform. They sound like goals we should all share, regardless of party. For years, the tax-writing committees have focused on this particular sub-ject—holding hearings, soliciting input from stakeholders, and considering the views and priorities of Members, both on and off these committees. They are eager now to begin the process of devel-oping tax reform legislation that achieves the shared goals I outlined above. The administration and congres-sional leaders stated: 
We have always been in agreement that tax relief for American families should be at the heart of our plan. . . . And we are now confident that . . . there is a viable approach for ensuring a level playing field between American and foreign companies and work-ers, while protecting American jobs and the U.S. tax base. 
Our expectation is for this legislation to move through the committees this fall under regular order, followed by consideration on both the House and Senate floors. There is a great deal of bipartisan consensus about what ails our Tax Code, and my hope is that our friends on the other side of the aisle will join us in a serious way to address it, because the American people de-serve a tax system that works for them instead of against them. They deserve a tax code that encourages companies to bring jobs home instead of encour-aging just the opposite. Americans de-serve true comprehensive tax reform. I appreciate the good work of our col-leagues in the administration and by Members in both Chambers already to get us there, particularly Finance Committee Chairman O
RRIN HATCH . Chairman H
ATCH has been working hard with his fellow Finance Com-mittee members—Senators from both sides of the aisle—literally for years, on this issue, and he continues to lead the way today. Under his leadership and the leadership of Chairman B
RADY  in the House, Congress’s tax-writing committees will advance these prin-ciples through regular order, so that Members on both sides of the aisle will have an opportunity to participate in this historic effort, if that is what they choose to do. This will not be an easy process, but the people we represent are depending on us for help. Now is the time to de-liver tax reform, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to accom-plish it. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. HEALTHCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, on the topic of healthcare: I was very happy to hear the statement from Chairman ALEXANDER and Ranking Member M
URRAY yesterday in which they pledged the HELP Committee to the task of restabilizing and strength-ening the markets, particularly by guaranteeing the cost-sharing reduc-tion program. As Chairman A
LEXANDER  said: ‘‘Without the payment of these cost-sharing reductions, Americans will be hurt.’’ That is clear. Everyone has said it, even the insurance indus-try, and yet President Trump con-tinues to treat this critical program as if it is some kind of political hostage. The President treats the critical pro-gram as if it is some kind of hostage. Insurers in three States—North Caro-lina, Pennsylvania, Iowa—have each released separate rates for 2018: one if the payments are made, and one that is 20 percent higher if they are not. In these three States, premiums will be 20 percent higher if President Trump re-fuses to carry out the law. Every American will see that increase in their monthly bill and know it is a Trump premium tax. Insurers from coast to coast have said that uncertainty surrounding the cost-sharing reductions are the No. 1 threat to the stability of our markets. State insurance commissioners—many of them Republican—are announcing higher rates for next year and directly blaming the President’s failure to guarantee these payments, as the in-surance commissioner of Idaho did yes-terday. We have enough problems in the world right now without President Trump creating entirely new ones out of political spite and a petty vindic-tiveness. When you lose politically, you don’t take it out on the American people. That is not Presidential; that is just small. So we would say to the President: Stop holding this critical program as if it is some kind of political hostage, stop the sabotage, make the payments this month so Chairman A
LEXANDER  and Ranking Member M
URRAY can get to work in a bipartisan way on a longer stabilization package. Let me salute a large number of my Republican colleagues who agree we have to do cost sharing. They have re-alized that just sticking with President Trump—particularly when his motiva-tions are not Presidential but are sort of nasty, vindictive—is a bad idea. I sa-lute you because, for the good of Amer-ica, we have to work together. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, now, on taxes, another matter. Yesterday, my friend the majority leader brought down the curtain on bipartisan tax re-form before a discussion between our two parties could even start, dis-missing the prospect of Democratic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.002 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4699 August 2, 2017 
input, promising the Republicans would again use reconciliation to lock us out of the process, repeating the same mistake they did with healthcare. Leader M
CCONNELL ’s announcement just came a few hours after 45 Members of the Democratic caucus sent him a letter saying we were open to bipar-tisan discussions on tax reform. We had three simple, straightforward prin-ciples. Let me read the Democratic principles on tax reform: First, don’t cut taxes for the 1 percent—the top 1 percent. They are doing fine. God bless them. Second, don’t increase the debt and deficit, something many of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have been talking about for a long time. Third, negotiate in a fair and open process, not reconciliation but hear-ings, amendments, the things that have made America great and have brought this Senate the acclaim over the decades it has had. Now, I would like to know which of these principles the majority leader does not agree with. I would like to know. Is he closing the door on biparti-sanship because he so dearly wants to cut taxes on the top 1 percent? The wealthy are doing great right now— God bless them—but they don’t need another tax break while middle-class families and working Americans are struggling just to make ends meet. Many of us on this side of the aisle sus-pect that to some, that is the No. 1 mo-tivation—not tax reform, not close loopholes, not clean up the system but give that top 1 percent a huge tax break to please so many like the Koch brothers. Again, I would ask the leader: Are you closing the door on bipartisanship simply because you want to cut taxes on the top 1 percent or maybe the lead-er is closing the door on bipartisanship because he has a fervent desire to blow up the deficit? That sure doesn’t sound like something Republicans have been interested in over the years—they have been spending lots of time, with good reason, deficit scolding and debt scold-ing—or is my friend from Kentucky, our majority leader, closing the door on bipartisanship because he thinks reconciliation, which means you ex-clude the Democrats from the get-go, is a good process because he doesn’t want to have hearings, because he doesn’t want amendments, and maybe it is the same reason on healthcare? Maybe they are ashamed of their proposal. I would like to see somebody on the floor get up and say: We believe in tax cuts— on the Republican side get up on the floor and say: We believe in tax cuts for the top 1 percent. That is why we want to do this. But, no, they want to hide it, cloak it, give a crumb to the middle class, and say: See, we are helping you. We all know that what happens after we have a big deficit, they come back and say: Now, let’s cut Social Security, now let’s cut Medicare because we don’t have the money. We don’t have the money because they cut taxes on the rich, the very wealthy. I don’t know which of these three principles the majority leader is against, but when he closed the door on Democrats—when we sent him this let-ter which simply outlined our prin-ciples, that is all we wanted to do, give him notice we agree on these three things, at least on our side—which one or all of them made him close the door? We Democrats hoped we could work together on tax reform, but the major-ity leader has drawn down the curtain before the play has even begun. Repub-licans will spend the entire first year of this Congress trying to pass their agen-da on reconciliation, a process that de-liberately excludes Democrats, ex-cludes hearings, excludes amendments, with no shred of bipartisan input. Just like with healthcare, I believe it will be another dead-end road for Repub-licans. I tell my friend the majority leader— I quote his speech in 2014, entitled ‘‘Re-storing the Senate.’’ I truly believe—I truly believe that Leader M
CCONNELL  believes in the institution of the Sen-ate, and he has shown examples of that most recently when he said we don’t want to change the rules, despite Presi-dent Trump pushing to do that, but here is what he said in 2014: 
When the Senate is allowed to work the way it was designed to, it arrives at a result acceptable to people all along the political spectrum. But if it’s an assembly line for one party’s partisan legislative agenda, [it cre-ates] instability and strife rather than good, stable law. 
Those are the majority leader’s words. Well, if you believe that, my dear friend from Kentucky, then why are you instituting reconciliation, the exclusionary process, before we even begin the debate? And why—might the American people ask—haven’t you learned the lesson of healthcare that that process doesn’t work? The American people want to see us work together. We may not always suc-ceed. It may not be easy. It is hard work, but we ought to try. This assem-bly line of partisan legislation—no Democratic input, no hearings, no amendments—is not what any of us want to see. It is not what the Amer-ican people are calling out for, and it will not produce good, stable law. Again, I would ask the majority lead-er to reconsider these three principles probably supported by 80 percent of the American people. Why aren’t our Re-publicans supporting them? Why are they running away from them? 
f 
TRADE Mr. SCHUMER. Finally, Mr. Presi-dent, on the issue of trade, according to reports, the Trump administration is preparing an open investigation into China’s trade practices, focusing on economic espionage and the theft of in-tellectual property. I certainly applaud the sentiment. I have been decrying for years how the Chinese have been taking advantage of us in a way that has sent trillions of dollars of American wealth to China and millions of jobs to China so we should certainly go after them. The problem is, we don’t need another in-vestigation to know what China is up to. That is what the President called for: Let’s investigate—another inves-tigation. It is clear what China is up to. By dumping counterfeit and artificially cheap goods into our markets, denying U.S. companies fair access to its mar-kets, and relentlessly stealing and ex-porting intellectual property of U.S. companies, China, as I said, has robbed the U.S. economy of trillions of dollars and caused the loss of millions of good- paying U.S. jobs. Estimates by our own government— already made estimates; we don’t need a study, President Trump—pin the cost of cyber espionage alone at $400 billion a year to the U.S. economy—$400 bil-lion a year, and 90 percent of it comes from China’s Government. This is not a benign process. This is not some rogue company. This is the Chinese Govern-ment. Here is what our four-star general, Keith Alexander, the former Director of the National Security Agency and commander of the U.S. Cyber Com-mand said. He called the loss of indus-trial information and IP through cyber theft ‘‘the greatest transfer of wealth in history’’—the greatest transfer of wealth in history. That pains me—this country, with its entrepreneurial vigor, with its accept-ance of people from all corners of the globe for centuries to go work hard and create good things, China is stealing it. They are not doing it on their own. Every American, when they hear that statement, it should make them cringe. It makes me cringe almost every day. Those are the facts. So I would say to President Trump: We don’t need an-other study that takes months and months to complete while no action is taken. We need a plan of action now. Unfortunately, this is what the Trump administration is doing on all issues of trade. They really talked tough on the issue of steel and alu-minum dumping. As someone who has aluminum plants in the State up there in Massena—Alcoa—and all along Lake Ontario—what used to be called Alcan is now called Novelis—I know the issue of aluminum dumping. It hurts jobs in my State. The President early on talked tough, tweeted tough on illegal steel dumping, illegal aluminum dump-ing, but it is 7 months into this admin-istration, and we are still reviewing its effects on our economy. The administration failed to secure any deal with China in a number of fo-rums, and they continue to delay on action that was promised in June. Tough talk and tweets are cheap, but strong and decisive action on trade is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.003 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4700 August 2, 2017 
required. American workers have wait-ed too long for our country to crack down on abusive trade practices that rob our country of millions of good- paying jobs. Today, I am proud to announce that the Democratic Party will be laying out our new policy on trade, which in-cludes, among other things, an inde-pendent trade prosecutor to combat trade cheating, not one of these endless WTO processes that China takes advan-tage of over and over again; a new American jobs security council that will be able to review and stop foreign acquisitions of U.S. companies if they are likely to have a detrimental effect on U.S. jobs; penalties for Federal con-tractors that outsource jobs; stronger ‘‘Buy American’’ rules; and an out-sourcing tax on companies that leave the United States. On the issue of NAFTA negotiations, we are laying out a set of tough prin-ciples that must be a bottom line for any new NAFTA text. I voted against NAFTA in 1994. That was 23 years ago. We have seen how it has hurt us in so many ways. There have been some ben-efits, but overall the loss of jobs is painful. More jobs and higher wages have to be our guiding principle, and it needs full transparency with workers and the public at the table, not just corporations. So I hope the administration—and I always said when I heard Donald Trump campaign that my views on trade are probably closer—I am closer to his views than I was to either Presi-dent Obama’s or President Bush’s. I hope he will listen to us and work with us. These are good things to do. We can do them quickly. We can save jobs, cre-ate good-paying jobs. But I say to the President: We don’t need another in-vestigation, another study that lan-guishes for months and maybe even years. We need strong, bold action on trade, and Democrats will offer those strong bold ideas later this morning. Thank you. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring August 27, 2020. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The assistant Democratic leader. DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, many times over the last 6 months, I have come to the Senate to speak out on issues and to disagree with President Trump. It is clear that we have very profound political differences when it comes to the issues that face us, but I come to the floor this morning in an unusual position to express my grati-tude to President Trump for a position he has taken, which I think is the right position for America. Let me explain. Five years ago, President Barack Obama created the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, known as DACA. It enabled approximately 790,000 talented young people to contribute more fully to this country. They are teachers, nurses, en-gineers, small business owners, and more. DACA, which was an Executive action by President Obama, provides a temporary legal status to immigrant students who arrived in the United States as infants, toddlers, and chil-dren. They have to come forward under this Executive action and register with our government. They have to pay a substantial fee for processing. Then they have to submit themselves to a criminal and national security back-ground check. If they are successful, they are given 2 years of temporary re-lief from deportation. This program is based on the Dream Act, a bill that I first introduced in the U.S. Senate 16 years ago—in 2001. That bill would give undocumented students who grew up in this country a chance to become legal and to earn their way to citizenship. These young people have come to be known as Dreamers. They came to the United States under the age of 16, some of them 1 or 2 years old. They grew up in the United States, going to our pub-lic schools, singing the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner,’’ pledging allegiance to the only flag they have ever known, the American flag. They are American in every way except for their immigration status. We have already invested in them, as you can tell—invested in their education, bringing them up in Amer-ican schools. I can’t believe it makes any sense for the future of our country to squander their talents by deporting them to countries that many of them have never known. A recent study by the Center for American Progress finds that ending DACA, President Obama’s Executive action, would cost our economy at least $433 billion in gross domestic product over the next 10 years. The In-stitute on Taxation and Economic Pol-icy estimates that the 1.3 million young people eligible for DACA pay $2 billion each year in State and local taxes. As I said at the beginning, I have had many differences with President Trump, particularly on the issue of im-migration in some of the speeches and statements he has made, but I do ap-preciate—personally appreciate—that this President has kept the DACA Pro-gram in place. I have spoken directly to President Trump only two times—three times, perhaps. The first two times—one on Inauguration Day—I thanked him for the kind words he had said about Dreamers and the DACA students and those protected by the President’s Ex-ecutive action. President Trump said to me: Don’t worry about those kids. Well, Mr. President, I continue to worry about those kids. I worry about them now more than ever, not because I have heard any change of heart or re-versal from you but because of other circumstances that are bringing this issue to a head. The Texas attorney general, Ken Paxton, and nine other States have threatened to sue you, Mr. President, unless by September 5 you rescind the memorandum that estab-lished DACA by President Obama and announce that your administration will not renew or issue any new DACA permits. This direct, specific threat to the DACA Program has left hundreds of thousands of these Dreamers anx-ious, concerned, and worried about their future. Last week I was joined by Senator C
HUCK SCHUMER , our Democratic lead-er, and 40 other Senate Democratic col-leagues in writing a letter to President Trump, asking him to order his Attor-ney General, Jeff Sessions, to use all legal options to defend DACA so that these young people can continue to contribute to a country they love. Some of my friends on the other side of the aisle oppose the DACA Program. To them I say: If you don’t support DACA, let’s immediately pass the bi-partisan Dream Act. If you think President Obama went beyond his Pres-idential authority with this Executive action, then let’s take up this matter where it should be taken up, here in the legislative branch of the govern-ment in the U.S. Senate. I recently reintroduced the Dream Act with my friend and colleague, L
INDSEY GRAHAM of South Carolina. Now that I am in the mood of thanking Republican leaders, including Presi-dent Trump, let me thank Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , as well as Senator J
EFF FLAKE and Senator L ISAMUR-
KOWSKI . They have stepped forward to join me in cosponsoring this Dream Act. Our government should give these young people a chance to earn their way to citizenship. They were brought to this country as children. They didn’t make the family decision to cross the border. They have been raised in this country. They have created no prob-lems in terms of criminal background. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.005 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4701 August 2, 2017 
They have gone to our schools. All they are asking for is a chance. When we introduced the Dream Act a week or so ago, Senator G
RAHAM said that the young people who have re-ceived DACA should be treated fairly and not have the rug pulled out from under them. L
INDSEY GRAHAM is right. Over the years, I have come to the floor nearly 100 times to tell the stories of these Dreamers and to make it per-sonal so that we come to know who they are and why I have taken the time to make this a major part of my serv-ice in the Senate. These stories put a human face on the DACA Program and on the Dream Act. They show what im-migration actually means to our coun-try in real terms. This is Juan Martinez. When he was less than 2 years old, Juan was brought to America from Mexico. He grew up in Dallas, TX, with his parents and broth-ers. He was an honor student in high school. He graduated and was valedic-torian of his class with a 3.9 GPA, a member of the National Honor Society, an active member of the debate team, and in student government. He was an accomplished student, but he was also a very active community volunteer. Juan helped organize food drives at the local food banks, he cared for children at recreation centers while their parents worked, and he volun-teered in soup kitchens. In his senior year of high school, he applied to his dream school—once my dream school—Georgetown University, and he was accepted. As a college stu-dent, Juan has studied international politics, concentrating on security, minoring in the Arabic language. In his first year of college, Juan was elected as a student senator. In his spare time here in Washington, he mentors disadvantaged high school students so that they can apply suc-cessfully for college. His dream one day is to work for our government, to help our country—the country that he calls home—and to make the world a safer place. Juan sent me a letter, and this is what he said: 
Thanks to DACA I can focus on my studies without worrying that it may all be taken away from me any second. I have always thought of myself as an American, but it is thanks to DACA that I can begin to truly feel like one, too. And that feeling is some-thing I am thankful for every single day. 
Juan and other Dreamers have so much to contribute to this country. But without DACA, without a similar protection, Juan could be deported back to Mexico, a country where he hasn’t been since he was 2 years old. Would we be a stronger nation if we lost Juan Martinez—if he were de-ported? I don’t think so. I think the an-swer is clearly no. When we introduced the Dream Act last week, Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM  said: ‘‘The moment of reckoning is coming.’’ I would say to the President first: Again, thank you. Thank you for al-lowing DACA to continue under your administration. Thank you for keeping your word to me and so many others when you said that these young people don’t have to worry. But we are reach-ing a moment, Mr. President, when we have to come together and do some-thing. We need you and you need us so that we can pass important legislation and you can sign it—legislation that will give these young people the pro-tection they deserve, the opportunity they seek, the chance to make America a greater nation. I know the reality of this issue. I know it from both political sides. I wit-nessed it for over a decade. I know it is not popular, Mr. President, that you have taken this position, to stand be-hind the Dreamers and those protected by DACA, but you told me that you thought it was the right thing to do, and I am sure you still feel that way. Your new Chief of Staff, General Kelly, and I have had many conversa-tions about this, and I believe that he, too, thinks that legislation is nec-essary to protect these young people. I hope we can come together. I stand ready. Senator GRAHAM stands ready. We have a bipartisan coalition pre-pared to work with you. Let’s not let this decision be made in a courtroom somewhere far from Wash-ington. Let’s take on our responsi-bility, yours as President and ours in the Senate, to address this critical issue that really cries out for justice. This is the time to do it. The concern, anxiety, and stress is higher than ever among these populations of people af-fected by DACA and the Dream Act and, of course, their families as well. I hope you will join us in creating a legal option that will defend the DACA Pro-gram and will work with us in Congress to make the Dream Act the law of the land so that we can say to young peo-ple like Juan Martinez and hundreds of thousands of others: Yes, we will give you your chance—give you your chance to prove that you can become a valu-able part of America’s future, give you a chance to make America a stronger nation. That is all they have asked for, and that is something we, on a bipar-tisan basis with the President, should give them. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Senator from Texas. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I note in this morning’s news that insurance companies that provide health insur-ance policies on the ObamaCare ex-changes are projecting that insurance premiums will go up about 30 percent next year. Since 2013, we have seen the nation-wide average of premiums go up 105 percent. That was before this latest an-nouncement. We know that in 2017, the national average increase in premiums was 25 percent, and in Arizona, for ex-ample, it was 145 percent. So why did all of the Senate Demo-crats vote against making progress on a solution toward these runaway pre-miums I have talked about ad nauseam on the Senate floor? We have almost become numb to the pain people across this country are ex-periencing because of the skyrocketing rate of their insurance premiums, and we know that 28 million, roughly, have dropped out and are uninsured. In my State alone, because of the individual mandate, which is the penalty the gov-ernment imposes for one’s failing to buy a government-approved health in-surance plan—as the Presiding Officer knows because I got the figures from him—more than 400,000 Texans who earn less than $25,000 a year paid the penalty because they could not afford to buy the insurance. All in all, about a million Texans paid the penalty be-cause of the individual mandate. When we tried to do something about that last week, in working with our House colleagues, what was the re-sponse from the other side? It was crickets—silence. Unfortunately, the people who were hurt by ObamaCare are still being hurt by ObamaCare. Now, here is the narrative. I have al-ready seen it on social media and have read about it in the paper and else-where. Some people are saying: Well, the reason insurance companies are saying that premiums are going to go up 30 percent next year is that Presi-dent Trump will not commit to the subsidies for insurance companies, the so-called CSRs. That is utterly false. How do they ex-plain the 105-percent increase from 2013 to currently? How do they explain last year’s increase in insurance premiums, 25 percent, on average, and 145 percent in places like Arizona before President Trump even took office? It is a demon-strably false narrative, and I cannot tell you how disappointed I am that we were not able to make some progress toward a solution on behalf of the peo-ple whom I represent in my State but also on behalf of the people whom we all represent across the United States. I dare say, as we search for a path forward, we ought to get our facts straight, and the idea that premiums are going to go up 30 percent next year, unless something changes, is a product of the failure of ObamaCare. It is noth-ing that this administration has done or will do that has caused that. So let’s get our facts straight because starting with the correct facts is absolutely es-sential to coming up with real solu-tions. 
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. President, we sometimes are our own worst enemy in the U.S. Senate. We do something really important, really good, and really bipartisan, and then we do not tell anybody about it. We leave it to them to discover it for themselves. Last night, for example, we passed major, bipartisan, bicameral legislation to continue the Veterans Choice Program. At a time when so much is polarized here in Washington and people are hungry for bipartisan-ship and solution-oriented leadership, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.006 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4702 August 2, 2017 
when they get it on something like the Veterans Choice Program, we do not talk about it. This is really important to our veterans—people to whom, I be-lieve, we have a solemn commitment as a result of their service to our coun-try. Over the last few years, we have heard how the Veterans Health Admin-istration has been plagued by ineffi-ciency, unaccountability, and poor quality of care. The VA has been hin-dered too long by unnecessary bureau-cratic hurdles, which have been incred-ibly frustrating and deadly, I am afraid, in some cases, for our veterans. We have heard stories about veterans having to travel hours to get medical care, sometimes causing them to ac-cept lower quality care or to forgo that care entirely. Sadly, in some cases, veterans turn to coping mechanisms, self-destructive activity—self-medi-cating—with drugs or alcohol because they simply cannot get access to genu-inely helpful medical care. The Veterans Choice Program was designed to help address that by ensur-ing that veterans could receive timely appointments close to where they live. If they had to drive too far or if they had to wait too long for an appoint-ment at a veterans facility, we said: You could show up at your local healthcare provider’s, and we will pay for it through the Veterans Choice Pro-gram. The VA Choice and Quality Employ-ment Act of 2017 continues that impor-tant program and guarantees veterans that they will have access to care with-out interruption. This bill also strengthens the VA’s ability to recruit, train, and retain its valuable workforce, which will help the VA continue to improve veterans’ care. I am glad we were able to pass this leg-islation last night to ensure that this program can continue serving veterans. In moving forward, both Chambers should continue to work with the VA to get the agency back on track and right the years of poor quality of care and of service to our veterans for whom, I believe, we have a sacred obli-gation, a solemn commitment, based on their service to our country. Next, we will focus on another impor-tant piece of legislation. This is au-thorizing the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s user fee program. This is how the Food and Drug Ad-ministration actually considers and ap-proves new drugs that can save lives and improve the quality of lives. These partnerships between the public and private sectors ensure that patients will have access to safe and effective drugs and medical devices while also maintaining America’s position as a global leader in medical innovation. Faster approvals mean treatments and cures reach patients sooner. Increased competition leads to lower costs, and that, in turn, means more lives saved. This is another example of what, I be-lieve, will be a bipartisan accomplish-ment of the current Senate and current Congress. I heard one of our colleagues last week stand in front of the Nation and say nothing ever gets done. Well, we are doing some important things. The Veterans Choice Program and the FDA reauthorization bill are important, lifesaving bills that are being passed on a bipartisan basis. Then, of course, there is the backlog of the President’s nominees. I have never seen anything quite like it. We had an election on November 8, but for many of our colleagues, the election remains undecided. They do not accept the verdict of the American people and the electoral college that President Trump won the election and that Hillary Clinton lost. That is how they, somehow, justify their consistent foot-dragging and obstruction when it comes to the President’s nominees for important offices, including his Cabi-net. It is the President’s prerogative to nominate whom he wants to serve in the executive branch, but it is our duty, our responsibility, to carefully consider their qualifications before coming together to confirm them. Now, we have had people who had been wait-ing months for their nominations to be confirmed and who were confirmed by almost unanimous votes of the Senate, which tells me we were delaying those votes unnecessarily. If they were truly controversial, I think it would be re-flected in the votes for their confirma-tions, but they are not. Let me just name one—our former colleague, Kay Bailey Hutchison, who has been nominated to serve as the Ambassador to NATO. I cannot think of a more qualified person than my good friend, the former Senator from Texas. Our country needs leadership in Brussels, at NATO, to help counter Russian aggression and threats and in-timidation against our allies in the re-gion, but that is just one example. Last night, the Senate confirmed the FBI Director—I am grateful for that— but they also confirmed—again, in the dead of night when nobody was paying attention—eight other Department of Defense nominees. Now, if our Demo-cratic colleagues had good reason to delay those confirmations because they felt like they were controversial, that is their right, but evidently they were willing to let those people who had been nominated to the Department of Defense be confirmed, basically, by consent after months and months of delay. We have a lot of other nominations that are backlogged due to the unfortu-nate obstruction and foot-dragging of our Democratic colleagues, and I, for one, do not think we ought to leave in August—this month—without a big, ro-bust package of the confirmations of these noncontroversial nominees. It is time to get over the election. That was on November 8. We used to see a difference between elections and the responsibility of governing. Re-gardless of who wins the election, we still have the responsibility to govern. Some people seem to have forgotten that. Again, I hope we have a big, robust package of noncontroversial nomina-tions approved before we leave for the rest of the month of August. I think it is too important to leave town without that. We need our President to succeed so the country can succeed. This is what every American who voted for President Trump hoped for, and they trusted him to choose men and women for his Cabinet to lead and guide our country. I have to say, he has done a remarkably good job in the people whom he has chosen for his Cabinet so let’s come together and confirm these appointees so the administration can better serve our Nation and all Ameri-cans. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, thank you. I come to the floor today to urge my colleagues to vote no on the nomina-tion that we will vote on shortly. On the campaign trail, President Trump promised to put workers first. Instead, President Trump’s administra-tion has rolled back worker protections and prioritized corporate interests at the expense of workers. It is critical, now more than ever, that the NLRB remain independent and committed to advocating for workers and their right to organize, but I am deeply concerned that President Trump’s nominee, Mr. Kaplan, does not have a record of supporting the rights of workers and unions. At his nomination hearing, Mr. Kaplan confused basic labor issues and decisions, further proving he lacks the knowledge and experience to serve on this important board. NLRB members should be committed to standing up for workers, and it is clear Mr. Kaplan does not make the cut. I urge my colleagues to join me in doing what President Trump has failed to do, and that is to put workers first. Vote against this nomination. Thank you. I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring Au-gust 27, 2020. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, John Cornyn, Susan M. Collins, Lamar Alexander, Roy Blunt, Luther Strange, Pat Rob-erts, James Lankford, Bob Corker, Richard C. Shelby, John Barrasso, Joni Ernst, Orrin G. Hatch. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.008 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4703 August 2, 2017 
The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 183 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Burr McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 48. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to stand up for the workers President Trump is failing. As a candidate running for President, Mr. Trump promised workers that he would put them first and that he would bring back good-paying, respectable jobs to their communities, but since day one, President Trump has done the exact opposite. He has rolled back worker protections and made it harder for fam-ilies to be more secure. Now, this doesn’t come as a surprise to me, especially when I look at Presi-dent Trump’s record as a businessman. I have to say that he has refused to allow even his own hotel workers to or-ganize or join a union, preventing them from having the opportunity to better advocate for safer working conditions and better pay. We all know that strong unions have helped to create our middle class, and for many working families in the 20th century, a good union job, or the right to collective bargaining, helped them move up the economic ladder. But over the past few decades, we have seen a decline in unions and union member-ship across the country. As a result of that, our economy has started to favor corporations and those at the top. This paved the way for President Trump and billionaires like him to take advantage of their workers, with little recourse for everyday people who are the back-bone of our country. The National Labor Relations Board gives workers the opportunity to file charges against corporations when they are illegally fired or when cor-porations retaliate against workers for exercising their rights. President Trump should be familiar with the NLRB, as his own businesses have had complaints filed numerous times. That is precisely why it is so important that the Board is independent and is com-mitted to advocating for workers and their right to organize. The preamble of the National Labor Relations Act clearly states that it is the policy of the United States to en-courage collective bargaining and to give workers a voice, allowing them to speak up for fair wages and safe work-ing conditions. It is the responsibility of the NLRB to ensure that workers are being treated fairly and to resolve disputes between corporate manage-ment and workers. So it is clear to me that Board mem-bers should believe in the core mission that I just stated of the NLRB and should be committed to standing up for workers and their right to collective bargaining, which is exactly why I have very serious concerns about Mr. Marvin Kaplan’s record, which has largely been in opposition to the work and mission of the NLRB. As a labor staffer in the House of Representatives, Mr. Kaplan prepared and staffed hearings where Republicans consistently attacked the NLRB. In fact, I would be hard-pressed to name a single example of Mr. Kaplan sup-porting the rights of workers and unions. In addition to Mr. Kaplan’s opposi-tion to the core mission of the Board, I also have deep reservations about Mr. Kaplan’s lack of legal experience prac-ticing before the NLRB. When I asked Mr. Kaplan about his lack of practical qualifications, his responses were tell-ing: Have you ever represented a party, employer, or a union in an unfair labor practice case or representation case be-fore the Board? No. Have you ever rep-resented a worker in an employment matter? No. What is more, when asked to speak on the pressing questions facing the Board at his confirmation hearing, he actually confused basic labor issues and decisions, further calling into question whether he has the experience and knowledge to serve on this criti-cally important Board. This is not a difficult concept for workers across the country to grasp. If you are not qualified for a job that is this important or if you want to under-mine the basic goals of the law, you shouldn’t get the job. So I will be voting no on Mr. Kaplan’s confirmation. I urge my col-leagues to do the same. I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle want to strengthen our economy and rebuild our middle class. So I hope we can stand with working families across the country who today are simply asking for a fair shot. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, there are two reasons why every Member of the Senate should vote against con-firming Marvin Kaplan to the NLRB. The first is that he is just not quali-fied. The NLRB is the Federal agency that enforces our labor laws. It protects the rights of workers and the private sec-tor to organize for better wages and better working conditions. It is up to them to make sure that their employ-ers follow the law and that when there is an issue between employers and em-ployees, everyone acts reasonably. Democrats and Republicans who have served on the NLRB have been the top labor and employment attorneys in their fields. They have had long careers working on labor issues, either as law-yers or as law professors. Many of them have spent time as staffers on the NLRB board. In other words, they un-derstand the labor issues better than anyone. They may have a unique per-spective on it one way or the other— sort of pro-management or pro-labor— but there is no question that previous nominees and previous members of the Board know labor law. Marvin Kaplan doesn’t fit this pro-file. He is not a lawyer with any rel-evant labor experience. He has no record and no public positions on rel-evant labor law. What he is is a well- connected Capitol Hill staffer. His only qualification, that I can find, is that he has drafted some legislation for a com-mittee in the House of Representatives. That does not stack up against the re-sumes of any other member who has served on the Board—Democrat or Re-publican. This lack of experience is dangerous. It means he will not know the intrica-cies and the historical development of labor law. He will simply be a rubberstamp who brings a political agenda to the Board, because he has no on-the-record opinions on these issues of his own. That was clear from the hearing on his nomination, when he would not properly commit to recuse himself from any issues he had worked on and to approach issues with an open mind, which brings me to the second reason. If somehow Senators can make an ex-cuse for his lack of experience, we can’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.013 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4704 August 2, 2017 
deny that this is the opposite of the message that Congress should have re-ceived during the 2016 election. In November, Americans made clear that Washington had failed working families and that we have not done enough to stand up for American work-ers. Now here we are about to confirm a nominee to the NLRB, and the only ex-perience he has is that he has drafted legislation to hurt American workers. The Board is about to face some im-portant decisions. They could reverse a decision that holds big companies ac-countable for how their contractors treat workers. The future of American workers and their ability to organize will be influenced by this Board, which includes any members confirmed by the Senate. If Mr. Kaplan is appointed, it will further silence workers who already feel that they aren’t being heard in Washington, DC. A vote for Mr. Kaplan is a vote that ignores the voices of American work-ers. It is a vote that further politicizes the NLRB at a time when we need to shore up our institutions against blind, corrosive ideology. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this nominee. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CASEY. Thank you, Madam President. I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of Marvin Kaplan to serve as a member of the National Labor Re-lations Board. Mr. Kaplan has spent much of his career as a staff member in Congress, where he worked to under-mine unions and the rights of workers to bargain collectively. A key role of the National Labor Re-lations Board is to preserve the right of workers to bargain collectively. The Board itself is charged with enforcing the National Labor Relations Act, which Congress passed in 1935 in the depths of the Great Depression. The act gave workers the right to join unions, and it encouraged and promoted collec-tive bargaining as a way to set wages and settle disputes over working condi-tions. This law that passed in the 1930s— and is still in effect today—is not sim-ply a benefit to workers; it also bene-fits businesses, and it also benefits the economy. Section 1 of the act says, in pertinent part: ‘‘The inequality of bar-gaining power between employees . . . and employers . . . substantially bur-dens and affects the flow of commerce, and tends to aggravate recurrent busi-ness depressions, by depressing wage rates and the purchasing power of wage earners.’’ There are a lot of important words there. When you have inequality of bargaining power, the findings of the Congress at the time said that would burden and affect the flow of com-merce. So that tells you the impact on commerce. It also says that when you have inequality of bargaining power, that aggravates business depressions, and the result of that is depressing wages and depressing purchasing power. Everyone here knows that when we are measuring the American economy today—I am sure this has been true for many generations but especially today—the consumer plays a substan-tial role in our economy. So if that consumer, that worker has lower wages, that is not good for anyone. So giving workers the right to both orga-nize and collectively bargain allows them to demand higher wages, thereby increasing their incomes and that pur-chasing power which is so critically important. That, in turn, of course, in-creases consumption and demand for goods, which, of course, increases pro-duction and employment. So all of these are tied together. Wages and ben-efits affect the economy, not just the worker and his or her family. I believe there is now a concerning trend to weaken the National Labor Relations Act and to tilt the Board against workers. Mr. Kaplan’s nomina-tion is another sign of this disconnect between the rhetoric of the administra-tion claiming to be pro-worker and its actions that are of late anything but pro-worker. The administration claims it is here to support workers, but at every turn, we have nominees who have spent their careers working in the op-posite direction. We know that in the 1950s and 1960s, the economy worked well for working Americans because 35 percent of work-ers were in a labor union. The decline of unions, the decline of the workers’ voice, and the decline of collective bar-gaining have helped to lead us where we are today—stagnant wages over a long period of time, as well as power, wealth, and income, of course, con-centrated at the top. So we know that unions helped work-ers to win higher wages, job security, and unprecedented benefits, including paid vacations, paid sick leave, and pensions that gave those workers and their families a measure of security, but it also increased their purchasing power, and it also, of course, strength-ened the economy. American family in-comes grew by an average of 2.8 per-cent per year from 1947 through 1973, with every sector of society seeing its income roughly double. We know now that in the last number of years, it has been a different story. Families across Pennsylvania and the United States know that the story is much different. It is not a coincidence that union membership has declined from its peak of 35 percent of private sector employment in the 1950s to less than 7 percent of private sector em-ployment today. This is all the more reason to stop this assault on workers and labor unions. Nominees with a partisan history of working to undermine unions or under-mine the National Labor Relations Act or undermine the National Labor Rela-tions Board should not be confirmed to a position where they are supposed to act as an arbiter to protect the rights of workers to form a union and to bar-gain collectively. So I urge my col-leagues to oppose the nomination of Marvin Kaplan to the National Labor Relations Board. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, dur-ing his campaign, President Trump made a lot of big promises to workers in Ohio and across the country. He told them he would look out for them. In a letter I sent to the President 2 days after the election, on November 10 or 11, asking the President to work with me to renegotiate NAFTA, insist-ing on ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions and infrastructure, the President scrawled across the top of the letter: ‘‘I will never let down workers.’’ He said he would look out for them, but too often the people he puts in charge are along the lines of this latest nominee to the National Labor Rela-tions Board, Marvin Kaplan. Mr. Kaplan has devoted his career—imag-ine such a thing—to working to strip workers of their rights and trying to undermine the workers’ watchdog he is now seeking to join. I never question people’s motives in this body. I just don’t quite understand why somebody would devote his work life to trying to take away workers’ rights and under-mine labor protections. Someone who views unions and collective bargaining as a threat to be dealt with rather than as essential rights to be protected has no business serving on the National Labor Relations Board. The National Labor Relations Board was created, in part, at this desk. Then Senator Hugo Black of Alabama, in the early 1930s, sat at this desk. At this desk, one of the pieces of legislation he wrote was the minimum wage law. One of the other pieces of legislation he worked on with Senator Wagner was the National Labor Relations Act. In those days, people understood that you had created the National Labor Rela-tions Act to strengthen workers, to create workers’ rights, and to protect those workers’ rights. Mr. Kaplan’s nomination sets that on its head. It is the latest in a long, long line of evidence that we in this country 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.015 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4705 August 2, 2017 
simply don’t value work the way that we used to. Workers have continually seen their rights undermined. Workers’ wages have been stagnant. People who work hard and play by the rules don’t have the standard of living they had in our parents’ generation or even half of a generation ago. We see companies refusing to pay overtime to workers who have earned it. We see companies misclassify work-ers so that companies can pay them less. We see executive salaries and CEO compensation going up and up and up. Yet for the broad middle class in this country, for people who aspire to be middle class, for low-wage workers, they have simply not gotten a raise for the last 20 years. So then, are we going to appoint somebody to the National Labor Relations Board—the President says we are going to confirm somebody to the National Labor Relations Board—who has devoted his entire ca-reer to undermining workers, to taking away workers’ rights, to scaling back workers’ protections, and to scaling back wages—all these things we as a country never stood for? I don’t know what is happening in this country that we think it is right to deprive workers of their wages, to take away overtime, to basically hit workers day after day after day in their pocketbooks, all while produc-tivity goes up, profits go up, and while executive compensation goes up. When I was a kid, the average CEO- to-worker ratio of pay was about 35 to 1 or maybe even less than that. Today it is often 300 or 400 to 1. The CEO will make 300 times what the average work-er in the same company makes. How much is enough? What moral principle says to pay a CEO 300 or 400 times what a worker makes? How much do they need? Why do they keep doing that? They keep doing that in part because of people like Mr. Kaplan, who always sides with the CEOs against the work-ers. As we think about this, I think ev-erybody in this body can learn some-thing from Pope Francis. At the end of June, Pope Francis spoke to workers in Italy at the Italian Confederation of Trade Unions. He was talking about something we do not think about much in this town that really ought to be at the heart of everything we do. He talked about the value and the dignity of work. An employer—a CEO—cannot say that he—and it is usually a ‘‘he’’— values work when he takes away work-ers’ rights. He cannot say he appre-ciates the dignity of work, when he scales back their wages or cheats them out of their overtime or takes away, by misclassification, the dollars she has earned. When Pope Francis talked about the dignity and value of work, he meant all work. He meant looking out for the lit-tle guy whether she punches a time clock or fills out a timesheet or makes a salary or earns tips, whether she is a contract worker or a temporary work-er, whether he works in a call center or in a bank or on a factory floor. I went to my high school reunion in Mansfield, OH, about a year and a half ago. I sat across from a bank teller who works for one of the largest banks in the United States. She has worked at that bank for 30 years. She makes $30,000 a year, and she has worked at a bank, as a bank teller, for most of the last 30 years. That is not respecting the dignity of work. That is simply under-mining the value of work. Pope Francis said: 
The person thrives in work. Labour is the most common form of cooperation that hu-manity has generated in its history. Work is a form of civil love . . . that makes the world live and carry on. 
Yet too often that work—the co-operation that gives life purpose and that powers our country—does not pay off for the people who are doing it. While corporate profits are up, the GDP is up, and executive salaries have exploded upward, wages have barely budged. Workers simply have not shared in the wealth they have created. I went to an auto plant once after the passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement. At my own expense, I flew to Texas. I was representing a congressional district in Northeast Ohio then. I rented a car with a friend, went across the border from New Mex-ico, and I visited an auto plant in Mex-ico. It was an American company, but it was in Mexico. This auto plant looked just like an American auto plant. It was clean, and it was up-to-date. In fact, it was newer than most of our auto plants. The floors were clean, the workers were working hard, and the technology was up-to-date. Do you know the difference between the American auto plant and the Mexi-can auto plant? The Mexican auto plant did not have a parking lot be-cause the workers did not make enough. They were not paid enough by this American auto company. They were not paid enough in Mexico to buy the cars they make. The work was not respected, profits were going up, the GDP was going up, executive salaries were going up, and the workers were not sharing in the wealth they created. This is a universal problem. It affects blue-collar workers, and it affects white-collar workers. It is in the indus-trial heartland of Ohio, and it is on the farmlands of Iowa. It is a problem on both coasts. People earn less. People cannot save for retirement. People feel less stable—all while working harder, all while producing more for their em-ployers, which feeds right into huge ex-ecutive compensation, but they do not share in the wealth they create for their companies. They are also less likely to have a union card that pro-tects them. So the President’s appointment to the National Labor Relations Board is pretty much a guy who has tried to make sure unions do not get a foothold in our economy and in our companies. The Pope spoke about the labor group. He said it performs an ‘‘essen-tial role for the common good.’’ He said: It gives voice to those who have none . . . unmasks the powerful who trample on the rights of the most vulnerable workers, de-fends the cause of the foreigner, the least, the discarded. 
This is the Pope talking. Think about airline baggage han-dlers. Airline baggage handlers used to make a good union wage. They used to work for United. They used to work for American. They used to work for Delta. Now they work for private com-panies that are contracted by United, American, and Delta. Airline baggage handlers’ wages in the last 10 years have dropped 40 percent. They are working just as hard—they are prob-ably working harder—but they are making 40 percent less than they used to. Again, the Pope said: 
. . . unmasks the powerful who trample on the rights of the most vulnerable workers, defends the cause of the foreigner, the least, the discarded. The capitalism of our time does not under-stand the value of the trade union because it has forgotten the social nature of the econ-omy, of the business. This is one of the greatest sins. 
We know from rightwing attacks on the labor movement, from so-called right-to-work bills to Mr. Kaplan’s ef-forts to undercut rules that protect workers, that too many in this country do not understand the value of the trade union. Right now, in Mississippi, auto-workers at Nissan are organizing and trying to form a union, and the cor-poration has responded. This foreign corporation has responded with des-picable intimidation tactics. This is one of the most powerful, profitable companies in the world that is attack-ing workers one at a time in Mis-sissippi. One worker said: ‘‘There is no atmos-phere of free choice in the Canton plant—just fear—which is what Nissan intends.’’ It is shameful the lengths that this corporation is going to—all to prevent workers from bargaining for fair pay. It is why we need a strong, not an un-dercut, weakened, emasculated Na-tional Labor Relations Board. We need a strong National Labor Relations Board to defend these workers and de-fend our laws on the books because an attack on unions is an attack on all workers. It is an attack on our econ-omy as a whole because it depresses wages. There is the idea that you give tax cuts to the richest people in the coun-try and that you make sure executive salaries are $5- and $10- and $15 million. You squeeze workers so they do not get increases. Is that a good economy? No. The money does not trickle down and build the economy. You build the econ-omy from the middle out. We know that. In the 1990s, we built the economy from the middle out, with 22 million private sector jobs during the Clinton years. In the Bush years, they had two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.017 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4706 August 2, 2017 
huge tax cuts for the rich under the Wall Street Journal theory that it would trickle down and everybody would be better. There was literally no net private sector job increase during the Bush years. There were 22 million private sector jobs in the Clinton years and zero net growth in the Bush years. That is because, during the Bush years, they believed the economy was built from the top down. It is not large busi-nesses that drive the economy—it is the workers. That is how you grow the economy—from the middle class out. If work is not valued, Americans cannot earn their way to better lives for their families no matter how hard they work. That is what I think of when I hear Pope Francis talk about the social na-ture of our economy. Work has to sup-port families and communities. Today businesses seem to be more focused on cutting costs than on investing in their workforces. Workers are often nothing more than a line item in a budget, a cost to be minimized. More businesses use temp workers, more businesses use contractors—look at the airlines—and more businesses use subcontractors. They pay a lower wage. They provide less job security. They roll back their retirement benefits. They undercut their health benefits, and they take away legal protections. We have to change this. This spring, I laid out a plan to make work pay off by raising wages and ben-efits, including retirement, giving workers more say and more power in the workplace, encouraging companies to invest in their greatest asset—the American worker. My plan to restore the value of work has to include the labor movement. Modernizing labor law means recognizing the right of all workers, even those in alternative work arrangements, to collectively bargain for higher pay and better wages. Pope Francis concluded: 
There is no good society without a good union, and there is no good union that is not reborn every day in the peripheries that does not transform the discarded stones of the economy into its cornerstones. 
We are a country of discarded stones—of people who rose from hum-ble beginnings and joined together to build institutions that were greater than any one of us. We need laws that reflect that—that reflect the dignity of work and that reflect, as in the Pope’s words, the dignity of every discarded stone, of each and every American who works too many hours for too little pay. The last thing we need for the Na-tional Labor Relations Board is an-other nominee who does not value work, who demeans work, and who de-means the workers and the unions who do it. Everyone in this town ought to listen a little more to Pope Francis and a little less to corporate lobbyists, a little less to big banks, and a little less to Wall Street. Maybe, then, we will start to make hard work pay off again for American workers. We can start today by rejecting this anti-worker nominee. I yield the floor. (Disturbance in the Visitors’ Gal-leries.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. Expres-sion of approval or disapproval is not permitted in the Gallery. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. HONORING NEBRASKA ’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST  
THEIR LIVES IN COMBAT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I rise to continue my tribute to Nebras-ka’s heroes and the current generation of men and women who lost their lives defending our freedom in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Each of these Nebraskans has a special story to tell. 
CORPORAL MATTHEW ALEXANDER  
Madam President, today, I recall the life and the service of Army CPL Mat-thew Alexander, a native of Gretna, NE. Matthew was drawn to the military at a young age. His parents Mel and Monica and brother Marshall described him as always eager to be part of a team. He practiced martial arts, played the piano, and participated in band as a kid. As a member of the Gretna High School band, Matthew helped to orga-nize the uniforms and shoes before con-certs to ensure that all of the band members were ready to perform. He helped his band mates play at their best, and his caring and compassionate nature stood out among his classmates. Matthew and his wife Kara had been friends since childhood. Kara described the teenage Matthew as somebody who could not sit still and who loved to learn. He took a keen interest in his-tory and English classes in high school. He was also comfortable in talking with anyone and often referred to the mothers of his friends as ‘‘Mom.’’ Kara recalled how Matthew always had a grin or a smile on his face. Matthew also loved his church youth group, and he embraced his Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Matthew always wanted to be a sol-dier, and the 9/11 terrorist attacks fur-ther solidified his desire to defend his country. He enlisted in the Army shortly before graduating from Gretna High School in May of 2004, and he shipped off to basic training that sum-mer. After he finished training, Matthew attended the Advanced Individual Training to become an infantry soldier. This was the first step toward his dream of joining the Army Special Forces. He was assigned to the 5th Bat-talion, 20th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Bri-gade Division, 2nd Infantry Division, and like both of his grandfathers, Cor-poral Alexander was stationed at Fort Lewis in Washington State. When he first arrived, his unit had just returned to Fort Lewis from a de-ployment. Matthew had to wait until the next deployment cycle to go over-seas. He did not like that delay. As a brave soldier, eager to defend his coun-try, Matthew wanted to be in the fight. Several months later, Matthew’s unit deployed to Mosul, Iraq. They assisted with the training of the Iraqi militia. From the beginning of Operation Iraqi Freedom, Mosul has been the cen-ter of battle. The fighting escalated in 2006 during the Sunni awakening. Dur-ing the training of Iraqi forces and while conducting combat patrols, troops in Mosul encountered enemy at-tacks on a daily basis. Matthew returned home on leave in February of 2007, and he proposed to Kara. They were married 2 weeks later, on February 14, Valentine’s Day. Re-garding their very short engagement, Kara simply explained that Matthew felt strongly about being married be-fore he returned to combat. When Matthew returned to Iraq, he learned that his unit had moved to Baqubah. The Battle of Baqubah began in March. The enemy used hit-and-run tactics to harass Allied forces that were trying to control the city. During April and May, the fighting intensified, and casualties were high. Some likened the fierce fight to the close quarters of the combat of Vietnam. It was in this heat of battle that CPL Alexander showed heroism and leader-ship when an IED hit a Bradley Fight-ing Vehicle on one of his missions. As Matthew’s section rushed to the burn-ing Bradley, the other vehicle com-mander told him to block off the south-ern approach and prevent the enemy from attacking up the road. While the Bradley continued to burn and take machine gun fire, Matthew acted with-out further instructions, and he saved lives. He set up his vehicle to prevent the attacking enemy forces from shoot-ing accurate fire into those helping with that rescue operation. For his valor, Matthew received the Army Commendation Medal. One of the members of Matthew’s platoon, SSG Mark Grover, remem-bered Matthew feeling surprised to have been recommended for the honor. He said that he was just doing the right thing to protect his fellow soldiers. Days before a mission on Sunday, May 6, Matthew called home to talk to his mother Monica and to Kara. Trag-ically, this was the last time he spoke to loved ones. While on the mission, an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle, killing him instantly. Corporal Alexander was laid to rest on May 18, 2007, in a rural cemetery be-tween Gretna and Elkhorn, NE. Hun-dreds of Patriot Guard riders led the funeral procession and over 1,500 people filled Gretna High School to say their final goodbyes. Staff Sergeant Grover traveled to Gretna to represent the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.018 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4707 August 2, 2017 
Third Platoon, nicknamed the ‘‘Glad-iators,’’ at the service. Grover was riding in the armored vehicle just in front of the one carrying Matthew at the time of the explosion. He said that the entire company loved Matthew and that he was one of the best soldiers in the platoon. To honor Matthew’s life, his family established Matt’s Music Memorial. The charity helps children interested in music but who can’t afford an in-strument, and they receive one from the local community. As Matthew’s fa-ther Mel put it, Matthew had two pas-sions: music and the military. How-ever, you didn’t need money to join the military. CPL Matthew Alexander is truly a hero. He served with great compassion and respect. I join Nebraskans and Americans across our country in saluting his will-ingness and his family’s sacrifice to keep us free, and I am honored to tell his story. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time on the Kaplan nomi-nation expire at 5 p.m. today; that if the nomination is confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TRIBUTE TO FALLEN SOLDIERS ’ MOTORCYCLE  
BRIGADE  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, a few moments ago, I had the opportunity to meet with a group called the Tribute to Fallen Soldiers. They have an annual cross-country motorcycle ride in honor of soldiers who died during combat. The motorcycle brigade escorts the Fallen Soldiers Memorial Flame from Eugene, OR, all the way to Arlington National Cemetery. Along the way, they visit Gold Star families—families who have a loved one who died on the battlefield in service to the United States of America. One couple who came today was Terry Burgess and Elizabeth Burgess, whose son Bryan lost his life fighting in Afghanistan, and they shared with me, in the military tradition, a medal. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to use a visual aid. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, this medal has a picture of their son. It says: ‘‘In memory of SSG Bryan A. Burgess, who lived from April 23, 1981, through March 29, 2011.’’ On the back of it, it has a picture of a memorial that shows a pair of boots and a rifle and a hat and ‘‘never forget.’’ The Tribute to Fallen Soldiers is about never forgetting our fallen sol-diers. We put them into situations of enormous stress and challenge and dan-ger, and they are there for all of us. In those particular situations, time and again, one of our soldiers loses their life. So may we never forget our sol-diers who have died, our soldiers who have been wounded, and may we con-tinue to reach out to Gold Star fami-lies to provide a community of support to them. I completely respect and appreciate the Tribute to Fallen Soldiers’ motor-cycle brigade that rides across the country visiting with Gold Star fami-lies, making sure they have that com-munity of support and making sure they know that the sacrifices of their son or daughter are not forgotten. TRANSGENDER MILITARY BAN  
Mr. President, while focusing on the military, I want to shift to another as-pect of military service, and I am going to start by thinking about the founda-tion of our country, our ‘‘we the peo-ple’’ Nation. ‘‘We the People’’ are the first three words of our Constitution, the mission statement of our Nation. We are not a nation that is founded of, by, and for the powerful, not a nation founded to govern of, by, and for the privileged, but for the people. It was a very deliberate strategy of our Found-ers not to repeat the type of structure in America that they saw in Europe, where government became beholden and in servitude to simply the powerful class. Throughout our history, we have strived to live up to this vision of a na-tion where every individual has the op-portunity to thrive. Time after time, we have broken down barriers, we have overcome discrimination, and we have thrown open the doors of opportunity for one group after another—for women, for Africa Americans, for in-digenous peoples, for immigrants, for the disabled. Freedom, said President Lyndon Baines Johnson, ‘‘is the right to be treated, in every part of our national life, as a person equal in dignity and promise to all others.’’ So we strive to reach that perspective, that point where our vision of the pursuit of hap-piness embraces freedom as Lyndon Baines Johnson described it—‘‘the right to be treated, in every part of our national life, as a person equal in dig-nity and promise to all others.’’ It has not been easy. It was Martin Luther King who saw how challenging it was to progress to-ward that vision, and he noted that ‘‘human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable. . . . Every step towards the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless ex-ertions and passionate concern of dedi-cated individuals.’’ And it is with that tireless exertion, that passionate con-cern, that dedication, that we have made progress time and time again. But last week, we did not make progress. Last week, we fell back from this vision of opportunity, the freedom to engage in our national life with the respect and promise accorded to all others. This step back came in the form of an attack by President Trump and Attorney General Sessions on our LGBTQ Americans. President Trump announced a ban on transgender Amer-icans serving in the military, and At-torney General Sessions filed an ami-cus brief in Zarda v. Altitude Express arguing that discrimination is com-pletely legal under the law, including the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Well, let’s talk for a moment about our members of the military who have joined a Volunteer military, who have gone through significant training—and I am not just referring to boot camp but the ongoing training in specialty after specialty—so they can operate that radar effectively that provides warning to an entire ship, or that com-munication device to make sure that patrol is where it is supposed to be and able to follow instructions in the field, or any of the hundreds of specialties within the military that these individ-uals step forward and gain training on. Each one of them is significant to the overall success of the entire unit. Well, that is something President Trump didn’t understand last week when he attacked and said that he is going to throw our transgender individuals out of the military. What is important isn’t whether you are gay or lesbian or transgender, it is whether you serve with your heart and soul and sinew the purpose of the secu-rity of the United States, and those in-dividuals who do are respected within their units. They contribute to those units. The lives of each member depend on the success of the other team mem-bers. They are a team. And to reach in, in a cavalier fashion, as the President did, and say ‘‘I am going to rip thou-sands of these team members out of their units’’ is wrong in so many ways. It is disrespectful, of course, of those individuals and their dedicated service to our Nation. It is disrespectful and damaging to the units in which they serve and provide those various skills which they have worked so hard to ac-quire and which we have worked so hard to make sure they have the chance to acquire. And it certainly damages the security of the United States of America to eject individuals with those talents and that training from our military. Therefore, that should be reversed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.020 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4708 August 2, 2017 
By the way, it was done without con-sultation with our military leaders. A Commander in Chief proposing a policy through a tweet without consulting with the experts who have dedicated their lives to the national security of our Nation—that in and of itself is a real betrayal of responsibility. Attorney General Sessions filed an amicus brief in Zarda v. Altitude Ex-press, and this brief says that title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which pro-vides protection against discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, and sex, does not provide pro-tection against discrimination in terms of one’s LGBT status. By the way, that is the opposite of what court after court has ruled. What happened, one might ask, to the President Trump who, as Candidate Trump, said: ‘‘Thank you to the LGBT community!’’ As a candidate, he said: ‘‘I will fight for you.’’ What happened to the President who, after the attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, said in a tweet: ‘‘Will fight for you.’’ This last week, the President did not fight for you in that community; instead, he attacked that community, and he ap-parently approved of Attorney General Sessions attacking that community. This is why we need the Equality Act. The Equality Act would clarify that when we say no discrimination on the basis of sex, that is broadly apply-ing to one’s status of who they are or whom they love. If we go back to President Johnson’s presentation of the issue in America, where he said every individual—the matter of freedom is that you have the opportunity to be treated as having the same promise and be treated with the same respect as everyone else, that it is all about being able to thrive in the United States, or to put it quite sim-ply, not having a door slammed in your face when you go to rent an apartment, not having a door slammed in your face when you go to a restaurant or a movie theater, not having a door slammed in your face when you seek to be part of a jury. That is what freedom is in this country. That is the freedom that At-torney General Sessions and President Trump are seeking to rip away from a sizable share of Americans, and that is simply wrong. That is why we need the Equality Act—to make sure that this is remedied. That is why we need the courts to stand up against discrimina-tion on the basis of who you are and whom you love. It has been a week in which the President attacked and damaged our military and Attorney General Ses-sions attacked and betrayed and at-tempted to steal freedom from a vast swath of Americans. That is a very sad week on both counts, and we in this Chamber should stand up and say: That is not OK. We will fight for the secu-rity of the United States of America, and we will fight for opportunity for every single American. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Missouri. RURAL BROADBAND  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, August is Rural Broadband Month at the Federal Communications Commission. The Commerce Committee just today put forward nominees for the Commission, and the Commission does matter. But I want to talk today specifically about highlighting the importance of broadband in rural America and rural Missouri. In January of this year, I joined a number of my Senate colleagues on a bipartisan letter to President Trump regarding the importance of broadband and expanding its access to all of the country and, particularly, the parts of our country that are not currently served. As part of any infrastructure legisla-tion that the Congress is talking about, I think we and the administra-tion need to consider policies that ad-vance infrastructure not just solely in terms of roads, bridges, and ports, which are important, particularly where the Presiding Officer and I live, in Arkansas and Missouri. That trans-portation network means so much to us, but also important is how people are able to communicate and compete. High speed internet access cannot be overlooked as we consider what our in-frastructure should look like going for-ward. Broadband can be delivered by wire-less or wireline technology. It can be brought to customers by traditional communications companies in rural areas. Often, now, rural electric co-ops show great interest and capacity to do this, as do others. Following the sig-nificant steps that Congress took to de-regulate the market as part of the 1996 Telecommunications Act, the broadband industry has really re-sponded. They invested a lot of money. In fact, they invested $1.5 trillion of private money to deploy better and faster networks. If you have access to one of those networks, you know what a difference it makes. In 2015 alone—that is the last number I have access to—the investment by traditional wireline companies, wire-less companies, and cable providers was $76 billion. All of that is really good, except that there is a real divide be-tween the rural areas of my State and the rural areas of the country and the other more populated areas. Some people say: Oh, that is just a myth; there is no digital divide. I would have them look at any number of articles. One article in the Wall Street Journal in June made the point that 39 percent of the United States’ rural population lacks access to broadband. That sounds like a pretty big divide to me—that 39 percent of the entire rural population of the country doesn’t have broadband, and 61 percent of rural Missourians lack access to broadband. These numbers are not ac-ceptable. Most private investment has been di-rected, as you would assume it would be, toward high populations, highly populated and easily accessed areas, and future customers. This is like the same problem the country had 100 years ago transitioning to telephones. It was hard to get a telephone to a house that was 5 miles away from the nearest house, as opposed to a house that was in the same apartment build-ing to the nearest apartment. It is a lot harder to do that. The government at that time said that there would be a universal service fee on phone bills, and then use that money to ensure that everybody would have equal access to what was obviously seen as a really im-portant way to communicate. The con-cept of Universal Service was enshrined in the 1996 act. It said that rural house-holds should have the same access to advanced telecommunications enjoyed by their urban counterparts. It is a good goal for a lot of reasons. I saw some figures this week. When looking at the overdose deaths and the opioid problems in the country, they are much greater in rural counties than they are in urban centers. In our State, Kansas City, our biggest city by population and any of the five counties that touched it weren’t anywhere close to the top list of other areas in our State that had this problem. It matters when you are not connected. It matters when opportunities that you otherwise would have simply aren’t there because somehow a service that is essential to our society today isn’t available to you in the same way it is available to oth-ers. I am not saying it should be free to some and cost other people something, but it should be available to you in the same way that it is available to others in our society, as the 1996 Tele-communications Act stated. Broadband is necessary to attract and retain business for banks, fac-tories, distribution centers, and small businesses. It is necessary to start and maintain a business, large or small. If business is going to compete outside the local marketplace, there has to be that connectivity. Frankly, in order to compete in the local marketplace and to have the ability to buy at the best price and to get the kind of products needed, the internet really matters. Broadband is always there. We have to have it if we are going to compete in the world economy. Many people in rural America are able to do that in ways that nobody would have dreamed about 10 years ago, but not everybody has that same access. Certainly, it is critical for schools and libraries. Just today, a parent was telling me that students can’t do their homework anymore unless they can get internet access somewhere close to where they live. Students depend on the internet for education and oppor-tunity where we live today. A revolution has taken place in agri-culture. The great food-producing economy that we have produces more food all the time. It actually produces more food with fewer people. So that creates some displaced people who oth-erwise would have had those jobs, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.021 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4709 August 2, 2017 
it also uses wireless infrastructure, data, and GPS structures to decide what should happen in a field at a given time in that part of the field. There are data centers, autonomous systems, and fiber optics that are a part of agriculture today. If you are linked to broadband and you are in your combine and have a problem, sometimes that problem can be solved in a couple of minutes by quickly ac-cessing your system, seeing where the problem is, resetting what you need to set and moving on, as opposed to the other option, which is calling the re-pair person, having the technologist come out with their computer, hook it up to your combine, and 5 or 6 hours later, at a time when you are in the critical moments of your annual liveli-hood, suddenly you are working again, when you could have been working 5 or 6 minutes later if you had been con-nected like many farmers are today. Broadband is more than just eco-nomic opportunity. Rural hospitals and health clinics are able to use telemedi-cine to bring services at a level that otherwise would not be available. This is particularly important in mental and behavioral healthcare. A lot of peo-ple are every bit as comfortable or more comfortable with telehealth than they are with somebody in the room with them. Also, with intensive care, suddenly all of the resources that may be available 100 miles away can be right there at the point where ques-tions are asked and that information is handled. Suddenly, somebody’s life is saved because of the capacity to have that kind of communication. For years I have tried to lead when I could, and joined my colleagues when they were leading, with numerous let-ters to the FCC urging it to reform the Universal Service Program for the dig-ital era. Most people who don’t have a line to their phone have a way to get a phone in their hand now, but they don’t have a way to get this important way to communicate and to compete. It is frustrating, when we see the lim-ited resources we have—the govern-ment resources—to put into something like this to see limited funds go to places where you are just creating an-other provider and more competition, except that the second provider has government money on its side to com-pete with the first provider that went in with its own money. There is a big difference between unserved and any level of underserved. If you are unserved, like 69 percent of rural Mis-sourians, the idea that somebody else doesn’t have enough competition in the place they live doesn’t seem to make very much sense to you. If there is a competitive marketplace and some-body wants to go in there and compete and get the prices down, that is all fine, but I think the government focus should be just like it was with tele-phones 100 years ago—to see that peo-ple had the opportunity to have that phone the same as their neighbors in more densely populated areas. The President recently designated Ajit Pai to be the Chairman of the FCC. We are finally seeing the Com-mission take actions to address rural broadband. In February, I wrote to the Chairman and urged him to act on the $2 billion available for rural broadband and open this money up to auction so new entrants into the field, like elec-tric co-ops, can competitively bid alongside everybody else. The FCC has decided to do that. Tomorrow the Commission will con-sider a notice to initiate the pre-auc-tion process for this money to deploy fiber optics in parts of Missouri. This will complement other initiatives un-derway, as the FCC looks at how to ad-dress rural broadband. They have launched a $4.5 billion auction for mo-bile wireless service in rural areas. They are suspending out-of-date rules that forced small carriers to raise tele-phone rates. They are launching a pro-ceeding to reduce costs for companies upgrading from copper to fiber optic networks—another FCC initiative. They are launching a broadband advi-sory committee. These are all steps in the right direction, where you and I live. They will make a difference. I look forward to continuing to work with the Chairman and others on the Commission on this issue. I think rural broadband is particularly leveling in creating the opportunities that we would like to see. The Commission will now be back up to its five-member in-tention of how many people are sup-posed to be there, making those deci-sions. There is still work to be done. We need to reduce the digital divide. Connectivity is critical. We also need policies that support efficient network structures that allow people to not just connect to a network but to connect with a network that really works. Let me talk about one other Missouri issue that relates here. I said earlier that Kansas City is now our biggest city, our most populous city. Still, St. Louis, I think, by re-gion, is the bigger region, but the city of St. Louis is not as big as Kansas City. In Kansas City, they have an internet exchange called KCIX. It is a peering center that offers tremendous benefits to secondary educational in-stitutions, to high schools, to voca-tional programs, and to others so they really maximize how they commu-nicate with each other and have the availability of resources in one place much more equally available in others, and large amounts of bandwidth can be diverted by using this peering infra-structure. Frankly, what is happening in Kan-sas City this fall is that the North Kan-sas City School District will establish connections to KCIX. It is estimated that it may save the district almost $500,000 a year in bandwidth just by looking at peering. If peering helps there, maybe peering is one of the other things we can look at that will help solve the rural broadband chal-lenge as well. We are going to be working on this. There will be legislation. There will be continuing efforts to urge the FCC to stay on point. We need to do what we can to make communities in rural America productive and competitive and as healthy as they can be. By the way, there are a lot of stories here to be told. I hope the next time I come to the floor on this topic that I will come to the floor with some things that are happening in my State that would not have happened if there had not been the access to broadband in not very big communities that are sud-denly doing business all over the United States and all over the world. How we do that is by not letting any of our country wither away, where we have existing infrastructure and schools and sidewalks and water sys-tems and by being sure the people who want to live there can live there, just like we are being sure now, as we see a revitalization of some of our down-towns and inner cities. People will want to move back to them and will have reasons and desires to want to do that. We are seeing an upswing there. I think we can see the same kind of thing happen in other parts of the country if we work to be sure we have an equity of opportunity. One of the major things that will provide that will be having access to broadband that works. I hope we can continue to fight that fight and see the progress we have made just in the last 6 months. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GREAT LAKES ENVIRONMENTAL SENSITIVITY  
INDEX BILL  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, as we head into the month of August, many Americans are planning to spend time along our beautiful coasts. Our country is fortunate to have such a wide vari-ety of natural resources along the Gulf of Mexico, Alaska, Hawaii, and the east and west coasts. However, I am partial to America’s best coast: The 4,500 miles of U.S. coastline along the Great Lakes. Our coastal resources make it pos-sible to move cargo and goods around the world. They provide opportunities for outdoor recreation like fishing and boating and trips to the beach. Our coasts are not only beautiful, providing some of the most scenic vistas and pic-turesque landscapes our country has to offer; these ecosystems also provide many tangible benefits. They serve as flooding buffers, critical habitats for fish and wildlife, and locations for ports and other marine infrastructure. In the Great Lakes, our freshwater coastline contains one-fifth of the en-tire world’s fresh water and provides drinking water for over 40 million peo-ple. We must be stewards of these areas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.023 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4710 August 2, 2017 
so that future generations can also benefit from them. In order to do so, we must properly document and keep track of this precious resource. That is why I partnered with Senator Y
OUNG to introduce the bipartisan Great Lakes Environmental Sensi-tivity Index Act of 2017 to require NOAA to update environmental sensi-tivity index maps and map products. The bill passed unanimously out of the Commerce Committee this morning by a voice vote and now heads to the full Senate floor for consideration. Environmental sensitive index—or ESI—maps provide an inventory of our valuable natural and human-use re-sources along our coasts. These maps chronicle sensitive ecosystems and the presence of various species as they mi-grate through regions and habitats for threatened and endangered species. They also document where we can ac-cess coastal resources from beaches and parks to docks, ferries, and boat ramps. We must maintain an up-to-date in-ventory of these precious coastal re-sources so that we know exactly where we need to focus our response efforts in a worst-case scenario of a harmful oil or chemical spill. Accurate documenta-tion of these resources and their vul-nerabilities is critical to both deploy-ing the right response effort when a spill or accident occurs and assessing the damage and restoration efforts needed after the fact. In places like the Straits of Mack-inac, where a 64-year-old oil pipeline sits at the bottom of the lake bed, it should be our top priority to have a current inventory of what shoreline re-sources could be impacted by a pipeline leak. Models have shown that a pipe-line spill in the Straits of Mackinac could likely result in oil reaching the shores of Mackinac Island within hours, which would be an absolute ca-tastrophe for Michigan’s top tourist at-traction. ESI maps don’t just help with oilspill response; they can also be used for coastal development activities, and they even have significant research ap-plications. They provide a clear ref-erence point prior to natural disasters or major storms that may damage, de-stroy, or significantly alter resources along our coasts. Decision makers at the local and State level may use them for restoration efforts or to make in-formed decisions about how to balance all of the various uses in that coastal zone. ESI maps need regular updates in order for them to be truly effective. These updates are happening now for other areas of the country. Stretches of the west coast, along the Gulf of Mex-ico, and along the east coast have all received updates over the last 5 years. One region is continually absent from these updates: my home region of the Great Lakes. In fact, the most re-cent updates for some of the Great Lakes were completed over 20 years ago, but Lake Erie and parts of Lake Michigan haven’t been updated for over 30 years. This bill gives the proper di-rection and resources to make sure these long overdue updates move for-ward. Supporters of the bill so far include the Great Lakes Charter Boat Associa-tion, the Coastal States Organization, the Great Lakes Commission, the Alli-ance for the Great Lakes, the National Wildlife Federation, the Great Lakes Fishery Commission, and the group For Love of Water. With nearly 3,300 miles of coastline in Michigan, the sec-ond-most coastline of any State in the Nation, we need to update Great Lakes environmental sensitivity index prod-ucts as soon as we can. Modernizing these maps will provide a better picture of what resources could be at risk in the event of a dis-aster and will be an important tool to help us keep our Great Lakes safe and clean for future generations. I look forward to working with Sen-ator Y
OUNG and the rest of my col-leagues in the Senate to move this bill forward and make sure that we have the tools we need to make the best de-cisions for the Great Lakes, no matter the challenges and opportunities facing us. Thank you. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the con-firmation of Marvin Kaplan to be a member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board, NLRB. I am glad that we are moving this nomination because the National Labor Relations Board needs to function as intended. The board hasn’t been full in nearly 2 years. I am certainly not the only one of us who thinks a full Board is impor-tant. One Democratic senator said at a hearing on May 16, 2013: ‘‘I strongly support a fully functioning NLRB with five members. I think confirming the entire slate will ensure that the NLRB is working for American workers and American employers.’’ Another said at the same hearing: ‘‘What we don’t need now—the last thing we need here in Washington or across the country—is more rancor, more division, more ideology, at a time we need this Board fully functioning. We need five people to get confirmed here. Any Senator who is standing in the way of getting five people con-firmed and having a functioning Board has a lot of explaining to do . . .’’ Then-Chairman Harkin said in Sep-tember 2014: ‘‘Keeping the NLRB fully staffed and able to do its work will send a strong message to the American people that yes, Washington can work, and our government can function.’’ The National Labor Relations Board has five members with 5-year, stag-gered terms, and a general counsel with a 4-year term. There is no statu-tory requirement regarding party af-filiation, but the tradition has been for the President to appoint members on a 3–2 ratio favoring the administration, with nominations for the two minority seats recommended by the Senate mi-nority leader. While we may often disagree with the opinions of the nominees for the other party’s seats—many of us have ensured they had an up or down vote. For ex-ample, since 2013, I have voted for clo-ture for two board members and the current general counsel who I then voted against confirming. Marvin Kaplan has been nominated for a position that has sat vacant for 23 months since President Obama de-clined to nominate a Republican for the then-minority seat. My hope is that this nominee will help restore some balance to the labor board. After years of playing the role of ad-vocate, the Board should be restored to the role of neutral umpire. Board par-tisanship didn’t start under President Obama, but it became worse under him. When the Board is too partisan, it cre-ates instability in our Nation’s work-places and does not serve the intent of the law—which is stable labor relations and free flow of commerce. For example, under President Obama, the Board took three harmful actions, including the joint employer decision— which threatened to destroy the Amer-ican dream for owners of the Nation’s 780,000 franchise locations; the ambush elections rule, which can force a union election before an employer and many employees have a chance to figure out what is going on; and the micro-union decision, which gave factions of em-ployees within single stores a path to forming their own unions. Nominee Marvin Kaplan is currently chief counsel for the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, where he has served since August 2015. From 2009 to 2015, Kaplan worked as counsel for the House Education and Workforce Committee and the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Today some Senators have argued about Mr. Kaplan’s experience prac-ticing law. I want to note that Mr. Kaplan is in fact well-qualified under the National Labor Relations Act stat-ute. He is an experienced lawyer. He earned his law degree at Washington University in St. Louis and is a mem-ber of the New York and New Jersey State bars. The years he has spent con-sidering cases and writing opinions at the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, OSHRC, are an ex-cellent preparation for the work of the National Labor Relations Board, NLRB. I will also point out that there have been a number of NLRB members confirmed with limited experience rep-resenting clients in labor law matters. Mr. Kaplan has an admirable record of public service spanning a decade. He could have taken a number of different career paths, but he chose public serv-ice, and that should be praised. There is bipartisan respect for Mr. Kaplan. At a July 2015 business meeting of the House Education and the Work-force Committee, Ranking Member Bobby Scott said this of Mr. Kaplan: ‘‘A lot is said about the working rela-tionships around here and how bad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.025 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4711 August 2, 2017 
they are from time to time. Staff can contribute to that. I just would like to say that Mr. Kaplan has not been part of that; he’s been very cooperative even when you disagree. We have been able to work with my staff, have had good working relationships; a cooperative relationships. I want to add my two cents worth to your congratulations and God speed.’’ Mr. Kaplan was nominated to be a member of the NLRB on June 20, 2017. We held his hearing on July 13, and he completed all paperwork in accordance with the HELP Committee’s rules, practices, and procedures. Our rules re-quire that their HELP paperwork be submitted 5 days before their hearing. We received Mr. Kaplan’s HELP paper-work and his Office of Government Ethics, OGE, paperwork on June 26, 17 days before his hearing. Mr. Kaplan also offered to meet with all HELP members. Mr. Kaplan met with 10 of them, including 5 Democrats. Fol-lowing the hearing, Mr. Kaplan re-sponded to 53 questions for the record, QFRs, or 81 if you include subques-tions, and those responses were pro-vided to Senators prior to the markup. The HELP Committee favorably re-ported out his nomination on July 19. Recent comparisons show that this process was far from rushed. In com-parison, under Chairman Harkin, the HELP Committee held hearings and markups on NLRB nominees with far less time for consideration. For former Board member Kent Hirozawa’s seat, which Mr. William Emanuel has been nominated to fill, Mr. Hirozawa’s hear-ing was held 7 days after his nomina-tion, and his markup was held the next day. Former Board member Nancy Schiffer’s hearing was held 7 days after her nomination. The HELP Committee also held a markup on her nomination the next day. Committee members were not able to get responses to any QFRs from Kent Hirowzawa or Nancy Schiffer before being forced to vote on them. I look forward to voting for this nominee. I hope the Senate will take up the nomination of William Eman-uel, also for the NLRB, very soon, so we have a full board. Mr. PETERS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VENEZUELA  
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I stand here today to speak about the devasta-tion befalling Venezuela—the people raging in the streets against unfair elections, the dissidents being seized from their homes and detained by secu-rity forces, and those starving without food and water. Venezuela—once one of the most richly resourced countries in Latin America—is being dismantled by Nico-las Madura and his flailing Chavista re-gime. It is a human tragedy impacting more than 30 million people who are literally witnessing society collapse around them. The numbers, sadly, speak for them-selves. According to estimates from the International Monetary Fund, Ven-ezuela’s GDP contracted by almost 20 percent last year, with inflation reach-ing some 550 percent and unemploy-ment spiking to more than 21 percent. The Pharmaceutical Federation of Venezuela estimates that the country suffers from an 85-percent shortage of medicine and a 90-percent deficit of medical supplies, including those need-ed to treat various types of cancer. Men and women, young and old, are going hungry. Thanks to Maduro’s de-struction of the Venezuelan currency, flour, cooking oil, and other basic com-modities have disappeared from store shelves. Students and teachers leave their classrooms for hours on end to stand in line, hoping to receive a loaf of bread as a week’s meal. The most vulnerable are going on what are called Maduro diets—skipping meals and re-ducing their food consumption. And Maduro’s response? The would- be dictator is threatening to seize busi-nesses that don’t produce enough and has told Venezuelans that doing with-out makes them tougher. Thousands of Venezuelans have crossed borders in search of food and medicine, while Maduro and his cronies spin conspir-acies and rail against phantom enemies on state media. The situation is so dire that the regime has begun ‘‘rewarding’’ some of its most loyal supporters with toilet paper. Alongside the disintegration of Ven-ezuela’s economy is the specter of Maduro’s growing dictatorship. We have just witnessed the sham election of a so-called constituent assembly, which Maduro intends to use to try to rewrite Venezuela’s Constitution, to crush what is left of its free political institutions, and to consolidate his grip on power. His electoral commis-sion lied about the turnout and downplayed the number of government workers whom the regime pressured to participate. While Maduro preached dialogue on television, his security forces were busy rounding up political opponents and murdering peaceful demonstrators. This was not Maduro’s first power grab. Earlier this year, his handpicked supreme court temporarily dissolved Venezuela’s duly-elected National As-sembly and stripped its members of im-munity in what the head of Organiza-tion of American States called a ‘‘self- coup.’’ The regime backtracked only after ferocious pressure and condemna-tion. But this week’s actions make plain Maduro’s intent to complete the proc-ess begun under his mentor, Hugo Cha-vez, to transform Venezuela into a full socialistic dictatorship. We have seen that socialism doesn’t work. We have seen the ravages of government control of the economy. The Venezuelan people are suffering, and when combined with dictatorship, it is a toxic mix. Maduro’s actions must not continue unchallenged. I support the Treasury Department’s sanctions against senior Venezuelan officials, including Maduro, placing him in the ignominious com-pany of Kim Jong Un and Robert Mugabe. We must keep the pressure on and continue to isolate and delegitimize Maduro’s regime, for be-hind Maduro can be found China, with its billions in infrastructure invest-ments, and Russia, with its growing control over Venezuela’s energy sector, and Iran, whose Hezbollah proxy laun-ders money with Maduro’s acquies-cence. Yet Maduro is not without opposi-tion. Brave men and women in the tens of thousands have taken to the streets to demand a better future for them-selves and their families. Many dozens have been killed by the regime’s secu-rity forces, and hundreds have been de-tained. These freedom-loving people represent the best of Venezuela and fearlessly follow in the footsteps of generations of dissidents against So-cialist repression. Just yesterday, Maduro’s security forces seized two prominent opposition leaders—Leopoldo Lopez and Antonio Ledezma—for daring to criticize his re-gime on social media. These two men were carted away in the middle of the night, leaving their loved ones trauma-tized and frantic without information. To Lilian and Mitzi, the wives of these two extraordinary men, I want to say that you are two of the strongest people I have ever been blessed to meet. You inspire me. Your husbands’ fight inspires me and millions of Amer-icans and people across the globe. I urge you to continue to stand and fight on behalf of your husbands and the many others who are held captive by the Chavista government. I look forward to welcoming Leopoldo and Antonio back to freedom and, I hope, they will play leading roles leading a free Venezuela, a post- Maduro Venezuela. Members of my own family have lived through this sort of oppression in Cuba, where a lawless government can raid your home without warning, arbi-trarily detain your relatives and neigh-bors, and ensure that you hardly, if ever, see them again. To Lilian and Mitzi, I will continue to raise my voice and to call for ac-tion—real action—to help Leopoldo, Antonio, and every other Venezuelan willing to stand and risk everything to live in a free and prosperous and demo-cratic country. It is well past time to consign Chavismo to the dustbin of his-tory. To the millions of Venezuelans wait-ing in lines for food, clothes, and medi-cine, struggling with galloping infla-tion, fearful of Maduro’s henchmen de-taining their friends and families or gunning them down in the streets, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.003 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4712 August 2, 2017 
thinking themselves helpless in the face of their country’s decay, you are not alone and should not be afraid. America and our allies will help see you through this crisis and help you re-cover. Each new outrage from the Maduro regime only makes our soli-darity with you grow. You are strong and Maduro is weak. You are Ven-ezuela’s future, and Maduro is its past. You will win, and Maduro will lose. Venezuela is not the private preserve of a ‘‘busdriver turned authoritarian thug in a tracksuit,’’ but instead Ven-ezuela is a proud and free nation with a glorious past and an even greater fu-ture. Through its words and deeds, the Maduro regime has abandoned what lit-tle legitimacy it might have had. When this regime expires, Venezuela will re-store its place at the forefront of Latin America and become a good friend and partner to America once again. We stand with the Venezuelan people as your friend against this socialist op-pression, and we tell you that there are brighter days ahead, brighter days of economic cooperation, of energy growth, of abundance of prosperity, of throwing off the shackles of totali-tarianism. Estamos contigo Venezuela, tus mejores dias estan por venir. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from New Mexico. 
PROTECT CHILDREN , FARMERS , AND FARM -
WORKERS FROM NERVE AGENT PESTICIDES ACT  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, this May, a spray of pesticide from a nearby or-chard drifted over to a field, exposing nearly 50 farmworkers in California. They soon became sick with nausea and vomiting. Several were hospital-ized. The workers described it as a liv-ing nightmare. The chemical they were exposed to is called chlorpyrifos, a neurotoxic pes-ticide related to sarin gas. It has been in use since it was developed by Dow Chemical over 50 years ago. Today, it is most often used on fruits and nuts, in-cluding strawberries, citrus, apples, and pecans from my home State of New Mexico. It is also used on grains and vegetables like broccoli and cauli-flower. A few years ago, Bonnie Wirtz also experienced the effects of chlorpyrifos. Bonnie is a farmer in Minnesota. She was exposed when spray drift came into her home through the air-conditioner. Her heart started racing, almost to the point of cardiac arrest, and she couldn’t breathe. At the hospital, her nurse practitioner told her she wasn’t surprised. She had seen others with similar reactions. About 10 years ago, Claudia Angulo— a farmworker in California’s San Joa-quin Valley—was exposed to chlorpyrifos when she was pregnant. Claudia worked sorting oranges, ap-ples, broccoli, and other produce treat-ed with the chemical. When her son Isaac was born with a mental disability and attention deficit hyperactivity dis-order, or ADHD, she suspected the pes-ticides she was exposed to. A few years ago, European scientists tested some of Isaac’s hair. He had traces of over 50 pesticides in his body, and the highest concentration was chlorpyrifos. It has long been known that exposure to chlorpyrifos can be deadly. After years of study, research-ers in the United States and a number of other countries now believe there is a strong connection between chlorpyrifos exposure and mental dis-ability, ADHD, and memory deficit in children. They believe the chemical damages children’s developing brains, even if they are exposed before birth. Latino children, whose parents are ex-posed to the pesticide, and grow up near fields treated with it, are at the greatest risk. Scientists believe the pesticide poses a threat even to children exposed to it from produce from the grocery store or through drinking water. The connec-tion is so strong that scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency rec-ommended that the EPA ban all uses of the pesticide in 2015. The agency had already negotiated a ban on household use 15 years ago. This March, the EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt ignored his own scientists and the body of scientific evidence that chlorpyrifos is dangerous. Instead, he reversed course and refused to ban chlorpyrifos. That is why I rise to talk about this danger to our children. When moms and dads feed fruits and vegetables to their children, they are trying to do the right thing. They shouldn’t have to worry that these foods are laced with dangerous nerve agents. They shouldn’t have to worry that the farmworkers who picked that produce or the farmers living near it were exposed. I have been part of the fight to pro-tect public health and the environment from toxic chemicals most of my life. I remember when Rachel Carson pub-lished ‘‘Silent Spring’’ in 1962. My fa-ther, Stewart Udall, was her champion when she was fiercely attacked by the chemical industry. Just over a year ago, I led the bipar-tisan effort to reform the broken Toxic Substances Control Act. I spent several years working to reform how the EPA regulates chemicals, fighting to stand up a credible program that could be re-spected, that could restore confidence in the EPA on chemical safety. I am very disappointed to have to do this, to introduce a bill on a related matter, pesticide regulation. Normally, I would argue that Congress should stay out of the business of regulating individual chemicals. That is why the EPA was created, to make thoughtful, science-based decisions on issues that affect public health and the economy. In his first decision at the EPA, the administrator has shown his hand. He did not respect the science, not even his own scientific team, and not even when the science is overwhelmingly de-cisive. If the EPA and this administra-tion will not act to protect the public, to protect children, then Congress must. I have studied the case for banning chlorpyrifos. There is no question it needs to come off the market. In this situation, I believe Congress must step in to protect children’s health. That is why I have introduced the Protect Children, Farmers, and Farmworkers from Nerve Agent Pesticides Act—to do what the EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt refuses to do: ban chlorpyrifos. Let’s look at the reasons for banning chlorpyrifos. There are three very good ones. There are three reasons, I believe, this bill is necessary. First, Adminis-trator Pruitt is wrong. The science is established that chlorpyrifos is a threat to health in its current use. The EPA has studied and studied the tox-icity of chlorpyrifos for over a decade. I have talked to the scientists who have been studying it for over 30 years. In a December 2014 risk assessment, the EPA found chlorpyrifos caused un-safe drinking water contamination. Based on that assessment, the EPA for-mally proposed, in November 2015, to revoke the use of chlorpyrifos on food. As recently as December 2016, the EPA reaffirmed its determination. The pesticide is intended to act on the nervous system of insects, but it can act on the human nervous system as well. It can cause immediate symp-toms like nausea, vomiting, convul-sions, respiratory paralysis—as Bonnie Wirtz and farmworkers in California experienced. In extreme cases, it can kill. More worrisome, even low-level expo-sure of chlorpyrifos to developing fetuses in young children can interrupt the development processes of the nerv-ous system. Exposure during gestation or childhood is linked with lower birth weight, slower motor development, and attention problems. Long-lasting effects on child brain development from in utero exposure also include impaired perceptual rea-soning and working memory and un-dermined intellectual development by age 7. Exposure to organophosphate pesticides like chlorpyrifos is associ-ated with changes in children’s cog-nitive, behavioral, and motor perform-ance. In plain English, chlorpyrifos damages children’s brains. Second, chlorpyrifos was one of the most widely used household insecti-cides until the EPA raised concerns in 2000—17 years ago. Household use was phased out. That same year, the EPA discontinued use of chlorpyrifos on to-matoes altogether and restricted its uses on apples and grapes. Currently, chlorpyrifos is still widely used in agri-culture, but its use is on the decline. In 2012, EPA required no-spray buff-ers around schools, homes, play fields, daycare centers, hospitals, and other public places. Growers are already working to find alternatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.028 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4713 August 2, 2017 
The third reason is, scientists, doc-tors, advocates, I, and many of our col-leagues were shocked when Adminis-trator Pruitt changed course on chlorpyrifos in March, choosing to wait until 2022—5 years from now. The American Academy of Pediatrics wrote a letter to Administrator Pruitt in June telling him that ‘‘EPA has no new evidence indicating that chlorpyrifos exposures are safe.’’ As a result, EPA has no basis to allow con-tinued use of chlorpyrifos, and its in-sistence on doing so puts all children at risk. The science hasn’t changed since the EPA proposed to ban chlorpyrifos in 2015 and in 2016. Only the politics have. The law should protect Americans from unsafe pesticides. Under the Food Quality Protection Act, the EPA Ad-ministrator ‘‘may establish or leave in effect a tolerance for a pesticide chem-ical residue in or on food only if the Administrator determines that the tol-erance is safe.’’ ‘‘’Safe’ means . . . that there is a rea-sonable certainty that no harm will [come] from aggregate exposure.’’ If the Administrator can’t determine that a pesticide is safe, the Adminis-trator must revoke or modify the toler-ance. In the case of chlorpyrifos, Adminis-trator Pruitt did not determine the pesticide is safe with reasonable cer-tainty, nor could he. Instead, he hid be-hind his claim that the issue requires years more study. This issue has been the subject of litigation for many years. When the EPA asked the Federal court over-seeing the lawsuit for a mere 6-month extension for more study, the court gave a resounding no. It called the re-quest ‘‘another variation on the theme of ‘partial reports, missed deadlines, and vague promises of future action’ that has been repeated for the last nine years.’’ The EPA Administrator has now given himself a 5-year extension. He is failing to follow the Food Quality Pro-tection Act, and he is tying up the Fed-eral Government in more unnecessary and wasteful taxpayer-funded litiga-tion. In the meantime, children, farm-ers, and farmworkers are at risk be-cause the Administrator refuses to fol-low the law. It doesn’t stop there. Administrator Pruitt wants to dismantle protections for farmworkers. The EPA is proposing to delay two rules vital to protecting our Nation’s farmworkers: The agricul-tural worker protection standard and the certificate of pesticide applicators rule. Farmworkers have one of the highest rates of chemical exposure among U.S. workers. They are regu-larly exposed to pesticides. Despite the urgent need to protect them and their families, they actually are less pro-tected than other workers. We don’t know exactly why Adminis-trator Pruitt is choosing to believe a chemical company over respected sci-entists at his own Agency and around the world, but we can follow the money and guess one reason. While the Presi-dent and the Administrator ignore science and the law, they have not ig-nored Dow Chemical Company. Dow gave the President $1 million for his in-auguration. Its CEO attended the sign-ing ceremony when the President issued his Executive order requiring agencies to roll back what he called unnecessary regulations. The CEO even got the signing pen. And the CEO met with Administrator Pruitt shortly be-fore the order not to ban one of Dow’s big moneymakers. Administrator Pruitt may choose to put aside science, public health, and environmental protection in favor of big chemical profits, but Congress should not. I urge all of my colleagues, especially those across the aisle, to stand with me and pass this protection for children, families, farmers, and farmworkers. I thank my cosponsors and the co-sponsors who are coming aboard every day: Senators B
LUMENTHAL , BOOKER , D
URBIN , GILLIBRAND , HARRIS , MARKEY , M
ERKLEY , and C ARDIN . There have been many public health and labor groups that have stood up on this issue—just to name some of them today: National Hispanic Medical Asso-ciation, Learning Disabilities Associa-tion of America, Farmworker Justice, Project TENDR, United Farm Workers, Earthjustice, GreenLatinos, Labor Council for Latin American Advance-ment, LULAC, National Resources De-fense Council, Environmental Working Group, Pesticide Action Network, Pineros y Campesinos Unidos del Noroeste, Mana, and others. The pesticide registration informa-tion act is currently moving through Congress. This gives Congress the op-portunity to address chlorpyrifos use and worker protection. This bill is a good start for those discussions. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Con-necticut. 
VETERANS LEGISLATION  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, sometimes bipartisanship and comity do work. They have in the last 24 and 48 hours on two measures that are critically important to help our Na-tion’s veterans have access to benefits and healthcare that they vitally need, that they deserve, and that they have earned. Those measures relate to ap-peals reform and to the Choice Pro-gram. Last night the Senate passed by unanimous consent—which means without any objection—H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017. I am proud to have worked on this measure with the chairman of the VA Committee, Senator I
SAKSON , when I was the ranking member of that com-mittee during the last session. I thank him for his leadership, his vision, and his commitment to this very important cause. This bipartisan measure now goes to the President. It provides a significant step toward securing benefits veterans have earned. Once these reforms are fully funded—and they should be—our Nation’s veterans will no longer be bogged down by a cumbersome, time- consuming, irksome, and, in fact, ag-gravating process that denies them fair and full consideration when they ap-peal their claim’s denial. This reform will begin—it is only a beginning—a better system involving transparency and communication for veterans and their families. As ranking member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I heard testimony that the Department of Vet-erans Affairs’ appeals process des-perately needs updating and reform. We all in this body have heard from our constituents again and again and again about the antiquated delay and burden-some process that exists today. The av-erage wait time on an appeal today is 5 years. Let me repeat that. The aver-age wait time on an appeal is 5 years. Nearly half a million veterans are caught in a quagmire—often a quick-sand—of repeated consideration, unable to claim benefits because of the VA’s existing backlog. Between fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2017, the number of pending ap-peals increased from about 380,000 to 470,000. That is an increase of more than 20 percent. The increase in those appeals was the ‘‘bad news’’ side of im-provements in the process to consider the initial appeal. There were more ap-peals because more claims were dis-posed of, but that is no excuse for that kind of delay in appeals. We worked with the VA and veterans groups to devise a new appeals system that allows veterans to choose an op-tion that is right for them. The bill that passed yesterday will create three separate paths. They can choose among them for veterans seeking redress from a decision by the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration. This reform is vitally im-portant because it gives Secretary Shulkin the authority to test the new system before its full implementation. I know it will take time to imple-ment these changes. It should take less time than is predicted because the Vet-erans Administration owes it to our he-roes—the men and women who have served and sacrificed for our Nation. My constituent caseworkers in Hart-ford have tried to assist many indi-vidual veterans with their claims, and these efforts must continue around the country in all of our offices even as these new reforms are implemented. The second area where we joined to-gether in a bipartisan way relates to the Choice Program. We have agreed to continue funding by providing $2.1 bil-lion and authorizing 28 new leases for medical facilities across the country to improve access to the high-quality care provided at VA hospitals. Make no mis-take, this action is a down payment, not the final word. I am going to con-tinue to champion further reforms to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.029 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4714 August 2, 2017 
make sure we improve VA healthcare and enhance access to VA medical fa-cilities. I am particularly concerned by re-cent findings made by the VA inspector general, Michael Missal, about a trou-bling lack of health information shar-ing between VA and non-VA providers relating to chronic pain treatment. To put it very simply and bluntly, the lack of information sharing makes opioid addiction far more likely than it should be, especially among veterans who seek care from private providers through the Choice system. Connecticut was one of the first States in the country to have a state-wide prescription drug monitoring pro-gram. I urged Secretary Shulkin at a hearing last year to make sure the VA prescription drug monitoring program exchanges information with the State system, which has data from private providers. The sharing of information is vital to prevent doctor shopping and excessive prescriptions. Without it, veterans potentially are susceptible to weaknesses and gaps that enable them to seek excessive prescriptions of opioid pain killer treatment that can lead to addiction and worse. We cannot allow the Veterans Choice Program to exacerbate opioid addic-tion. We must do everything we can to stop the opioid epidemic that is rav-aging our communities. As Senator M
ANCHIN of West Virginia and other colleagues have made clear, the VA must close the information gap on opioid prescriptions through improved opioid safety initiative guidelines and enhanced prescription drug monitoring programs. While we work in Congress to reform the Choice Program, I call on the VA to immediately take certain commonsense steps, none of them novel or original. They have been iden-tified by the inspector general: First, require all participating VA Purchased Care providers to receive and review evidence-based guidelines for prescribing opioids. Second, implement a process to en-sure all Purchased Care consults for non-VA care include a complete, up-to- date list of medications and medical history. Third, require non-VA providers to submit opioid prescriptions directly to a VA pharmacy for dispensing and re-cording in the patient’s VA electronic health record. Fourth, ensure that if facility leaders determine that a non-VA provider’s opioid prescribing practices conflict with the guidelines, immediate action is taken to ensure the safety of all vet-erans receiving care from that non-VA provider. These are basic protections for our veterans. They are protections against overprescribing opioids or negligent misconduct—and worse—on the part of non-VA providers and others. My hope is that we are beginning on a path to better information sharing between those prescription drug moni-toring programs at the State level for non-VA providers and the VA facilities and providers who care for our veterans directly. That information sharing is not a luxury or convenience; it is a ne-cessity. We must help veterans of every era with their need for prompt appeals dis-positions and effective healthcare that also protects them from opioid addic-tion. I am hopeful the Senate will quickly pass the Harry Walker Colmery Veterans Educational Assist-ance Act, which has been unanimously approved by the House, to make com-prehensive improvements to the GI bill. I helped to draft this measure and lead it, and I am proud the House has approved it. We must also help veterans of all eras suffering from toxic exposure and make sure we award a Congressional Gold Medal to the American Legion and make USERRA protections for our servicemembers meaningful and en-forceable. These steps are part of an unfinished agenda that we owe our vet-erans. We cannot shirk that duty. We cannot postpone it. It is an obligation, not a convenience. I look forward to moving forward with these efforts, as we have done with Choice and with the appeals re-form, and to learning what we know al-ready—that we can work together across the aisle when it comes to keep-ing faith with our veterans and making sure that no veteran of any era is left behind. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
TRIBUTE TO BILL REED  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize Bill Reed, an Arkan-san who is retiring after more than 34 years of dedicated service at Riceland Foods, the world’s largest miller and marketer of rice. Bill is a member of the company’s senior management team whose re-sponsibilities include government af-fairs, public relations, and the Riceland Sustainability Initiative. His interest in agriculture at a young age led him to pursue degrees in this field. Bill earned a bachelor’s degree with honors in plant and soil science from the Uni-versity of Tennessee and a master’s de-gree in agricultural journalism from the University of Wisconsin. In 1976, he moved to the Natural State to work as a State specialist with the University of Arkansas Coop-erative Extension Service. He has con-tinued his commitment not only to Ar-kansas but to Arkansas agriculture for more than 40 years. Bill is recognized as one of the most passionate advocates on behalf of the Arkansas rice industry. Bill is con-stantly looking out for the rice farmers and businesses by promoting policies to grow the industry and pushing for ex-panding markets. His advocacy ex-tended beyond the boundaries of agri-culture. He was always ready to lend a hand to me or to my staff on any issue important to Arkansas. He shares his passion for agriculture throughout the State, country, and the world as a representative of Riceland on numerous boards and trade associa-tions, including the USA Rice Federa-tion and the National Council of Farm-er Cooperatives. In addition, Bill serves as chairman of the Associated Indus-tries of Arkansas, vice president for ag-riculture of the Arkansas State Coun-cil on Economic Education, and vice chairman of the board of visitors of Phillips Community College of the Uni-versity of Arkansas. He is a faithful servant of Jesus Christ and is leading his life as Christ calls us to do. In recent years, Bill began seminary school, and his retire-ment from Riceland will allow him to pursue the ministry full time and help people in need. I appreciate Bill’s friendship, and I am confident that he will excel in this role, just as he had done as an advocate for Arkansas rice. I wish him well in all of his future endeavors and look for-ward to the great work he will con-tinue to do in helping the great State of Arkansas. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and that following my remarks the Senate resume executive session as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AFG AND SAFER PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 168, S. 829. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 829) to reauthorize the Assistance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emer-gency Response grant program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AFG and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.040 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4715 August 2, 2017 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM AND THE FIRE PREVENTION AND SAFETY GRANTS PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SUNSET .—Section 33 of the Fed-eral Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229) is amended by striking subsection (r). (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (q)(1)(B) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR CERTAIN TRAINING  U
NDER ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS  P
ROGRAM .—Subsection (c)(3) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) To provide specialized training to fire-fighters, paramedics, emergency medical service workers, and other first responders to recognize individuals who have mental illness and how to properly intervene with individuals with mental illness, including strategies for verbal de-esca-lation of crisis.’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF STAFFING FOR ADEQUATE FIRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SUNSET .—Section 34 of the Fed-eral Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a) is amended by striking subsection (k). (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (j)(1)(I) of such section is amended, in the matter before clause (i), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF APPLICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘of subsection (a)(1)(B)(ii) and (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘of subsection (a)(1)(F)’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION .—Subsection (c)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘prior to November 24, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘prior to the date of the application for the grant’’. (e) M
ODIFICATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— Subsection (d)(1)(B) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(E) or subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(E), (c)(2), or (c)(4)’’. (f) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN USE 
OFGRANT AMOUNTS TRANSFERRED TO ASSIST-
ANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM .—Sub- section (a)(1)(B) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and to provide’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of crises’’. (g) E
XPANSION OF STAFFING FORADEQUATE  F
IRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Subsection (a)(1)(B) of such section, as amended by subsection (f), is further amended by inserting ‘‘or to change the status of part- time or paid-on-call (as defined in section 33(a)) firefighters to full-time firefighters’’ after ‘‘fire-fighters’’. 
SEC. 4. TRAINING ON ADMINISTRATION OF FIRE GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the Administrator of the United States Fire Administration, may develop and make widely available an electronic, online training course for members of the fire and emergency re-sponse community on matters relating to the ad-ministration of grants under sections 33 and 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall ensure that any training developed and made available under subsection (a) is— (1) tailored to the financial and time con-straints of members of the fire and emergency response community; and (2) accessible to all individuals in the career, combination, paid-on-call, and volunteer fire and emergency response community. 
SEC. 5. FRAMEWORK FOR OVERSIGHT AND MONI-TORING OF THE ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM, THE FIRE PREVENTION AND SAFETY GRANTS PROGRAM, AND THE STAFF-ING FOR ADEQUATE FIRE AND EMER-GENCY RESPONSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) F RAMEWORK .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, acting through the Administrator of the United States Fire Administration, shall develop and implement a grant monitoring and oversight framework to mitigate and minimize risks of fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanage-ment relating to the grants programs under sec-tions 33 and 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (b) ELEMENTS .—The framework required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Developing standardized guidance and training for all participants in the grant pro-grams described in subsection (a). (2) Conduct of regular risk assessments. (3) Conducting desk reviews and site visits. (4) Enforcement actions to recoup potential questionable costs of grant recipients. (5) Such other oversight and monitoring tools as the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers necessary to mitigate and minimize fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement relating to the grant programs described in subsection (a). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 829), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SENIORS FRAUD PREVENTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 191, S. 81. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 81) to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission to prevent fraud targeting seniors, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 81) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 81 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Seniors Fraud Prevention Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. OFFICE FOR THE PREVENTION OF FRAUD TARGETING SENIORS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF ADVISORY OFFICE .— The Federal Trade Commission shall estab-lish an office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection for the purpose of advising the Commission on the prevention of fraud tar-geting seniors and to assist the Commission with the following: (1) OVERSIGHT .—The advisory office shall monitor the market for mail, television, Internet, telemarketing, and recorded mes-sage telephone call (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘robocall’’) fraud targeting seniors and shall coordinate with other relevant agencies regarding the requirements of this section. (2) C
ONSUMER EDUCATION .—The Commission through the advisory office shall, in con-sultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Postmaster General, the Chief Postal Inspec-tor for the United States Postal Inspection Service, and other relevant agencies— (A) disseminate to seniors and families and caregivers of seniors general information on mail, television, Internet, telemarketing, and robocall fraud targeting seniors, includ-ing descriptions of the most common fraud schemes; (B) disseminate to seniors and families and caregivers of seniors information on report-ing complaints of fraud targeting seniors ei-ther to the national toll-free telephone num-ber established by the Commission for re-porting such complaints, or to the Consumer Sentinel Network, operated by the Commis-sion, where such complaints will become im-mediately available to appropriate law en-forcement agencies, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the attorneys general of the States; (C) in response to a specific request about a particular entity or individual, provide publically available information of enforce-ment action taken by the Commission for mail, television, Internet, telemarketing, and robocall fraud against such entity; and (D) maintain a website to serve as a re-source for information for seniors and fami-lies and caregivers of seniors regarding mail, television, Internet, telemarketing, robocall, and other identified fraud targeting seniors. (3) C
OMPLAINTS .—The Commission through the advisory office shall, in consultation with the Attorney General, establish proce-dures to— (A) log and acknowledge the receipt of complaints by individuals who believe they have been a victim of mail, television, Inter-net, telemarketing, and robocall fraud in the Consumer Sentinel Network, and shall make those complaints immediately available to Federal, State, and local law enforcement authorities; and (B) provide to individuals described in sub-paragraph (A), and to any other persons, spe-cific and general information on mail, tele-vision, Internet, telemarketing, and robocall fraud, including descriptions of the most common schemes using such methods of communication. (b) C
OMMENCEMENT .—The Commission shall commence carrying out the requirements of this section not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. f 
RESOLUTIONS DISCHARGED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that applicable committees be discharged and the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following resolutions en bloc: S. Res. 199, S. Res. 225, S. Res. 227, and S. Res. 238. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.026 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4716 August 2, 2017 
agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 199) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 22, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 225) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 20, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 227) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 20, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 238) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of August 1, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HARRY W. COLMERY VETERANS EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 3218, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3218) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am pleased that today the Senate is unani-mously passing the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, known as the Forever GI Bill, which would make important improve-ments to the GI bill. The bill removes time restrictions on using the GI bill, enabling future re-cipients to use benefits their entire lives as opposed to within the current 15-year timeline. It provides 100 per-cent GI bill eligibility to Purple Heart recipients. It also increases GI bill funding for Reservists, Guardsmen, de-pendents, surviving spouses, and sur-viving dependents. While the bill includes many provi-sions I support, I also have ongoing concerns about institutions of higher education, especially for-profit col-leges, which prey on veterans using GI bill benefits. I do not believe this bill goes far enough to provide the type of protections we owe to our servicemembers and the kind of insti-tutional accountability that taxpayers deserve. I am particularly concerned that the Forever GI Bill does not address the 90/ 10 loophole which incentivizes for-prof-it colleges to aggressively recruit and prey on veterans. Under current law, for-profit colleges are prohibited from receiving more than 90 percent of their revenue from Federal taxpayers, but due to a loophole in the law, such rev-enue does not count Department of Veterans Affairs GI bill or Department of Defense Tuition Assistance funding. This means that, by targeting veterans and servicemembers, for-profit colleges can actually receive 100 percent of their revenue directly from Federal taxpayers. And many do. According to data re-leased by the Department of Education in 2016, 193 institutions received more than 90 percent of their revenue from Federal taxpayers when Department of Education, Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and Department of Defense funds were counted together. I have long called for this loophole to be corrected and for the percentage of Federal revenue to be returned to the original 85 percent. I will soon reintro-duce legislation, the Protecting Stu-dents and Taxpayers, POST, Act, to ad-dress this issue. While not addressed in the Forever GI Bill we are passing today, I look for-ward to working with my colleagues— including Senator CARPER who has au-thored another bill on this topic which I support—veterans service organiza-tions, and others to consider this and other important accountability con-cerns. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3218) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
REDESIGNATING CERTAIN CLINICS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS LOCATED IN MONTANA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 1282 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1282) to redesignate certain clin-ics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Daines-Tester sub-stitute amendment at the desk be con-sidered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 749) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF CERTAIN DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINICS IN MONTANA. 
(a) D AVID J. T HATCHER VA C LINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 2687 Palmer Street in Missoula, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘David J. Thatcher VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the David J. Thatcher VA Clinic. (b) D
R. JOSEPH MEDICINE CROW VA C LIN-
IC.— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1775 Spring Creek Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Dr. Jo-seph Medicine Crow VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow VA Clinic. (3) P
UBLIC DISPLAY OF NAME .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in para-graph (1) carried out by the United States or through the use of Federal funds shall in-clude the English name, Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, and the Crow name, Dakaak Baako, of Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow. (B) L
OCAL DISPLAY .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), a local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in paragraph (1) includes a display inside the clinic, on the campus of the clinic, and in the community surrounding the clinic, such as signs direct-ing individuals to the clinic. (c) B
ENJAMIN CHARLES STEELE VA C LINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1766 Ma-jestic Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Benjamin Charles Steele VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Benjamin Charles Steele VA Clinic. 
The bill (S. 1282), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.044 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4717 August 2, 2017 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume executive session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, for months the American people have been gripped by the sideshow surrounding President Trump. It seems like every day another shoe drops on the Russia investigation, another White House staffer is fired, and President Trump tweets something that upends the gov-ernment and causes our allies to move even further away from us. Despite all of this commotion, all of the drama, and all of the disorganiza-tion, there is one thing that Trump and the Republicans in Congress have car-ried out since day one with complete precision. They have carried out a com-prehensive all-out assault on American workers. Day by day, week by week, month by month, President Trump and congressional Republicans have acted to undermine the safety and economic security of hardworking Americans. Just observe what they have done. On December 8, President Trump nomi-nated Andrew Puzder, who was then CEO of fast food giants Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr., to lead the Department of Labor. That is right. His first major announcement affecting workers was to nominate a man who made his for-tune on the backs of hard-working Americans to the top position in gov-ernment charged with protecting American workers. On February 1, just days after he was inaugurated, President Trump delayed a rule protecting workers from work-place exposure to a lethal cancer-caus-ing substance called beryllium. On February 3, President Trump stood with big bank CEOs to announce an Ex-ecutive order to make it easier for in-vestment advisers to cheat hard-work-ing Americans out of $17 billion a year in retirement savings. On March 1, the Trump administration delayed the rule protecting workers from lethal cancer- causing beryllium a second time. On March 6, congressional Republicans fol-lowed the directive of big business lob-byists and voted to make it easier for government contractors to steal wages from their employees. On March 16, President Trump released his budget blueprint, proposing to slash funding for the Labor Department, whose job is to stand for American workers, by 21 percent. On March 22, congressional Republicans voted to make it easier for employers to hide injuries and deaths that their workers suffer on the job. On March 24, the Trump administration delayed a rule that required mine oper-ators to conduct safety inspections and tell miners about any hazardous condi-tions they discovered before the work-ers go into the mines. On March 30, congressional Republicans voted to block cities from offering retirement accounts to more than 2 million em-ployees who don’t have access to a re-tirement account at work. On April 4, President Trump delayed the rule pre-venting investment advisers from cheating hard-working Americans out of their retirement savings. This 60-day delay alone cost Americans an esti-mated $3.7 billion. On April 6, the Trump administration delayed a rule protecting construction workers from deadly silica poisonings. On May 3, Re-publicans in Congress voted to keep State governments from offering re-tirement accounts to employees who don’t have access to accounts at work, yanking access away from 15 million Americans. On May 23, President Trump called for massive budget cuts to the Department of Labor, including the complete elimination of workers’ safety training programs, programs for older workers, and funding for workers with disabilities. And on June 23, President Trump proposed exempting the construction and shipbuilding in-dustries from the rule to protect work-ers from lethal cancer-causing beryl-lium, a move that could prove fatal to workers in these industries. That is a pretty despicable record— despicable but consistent. Workers get slammed over and over. Today, Senator M
CCONNELL has brought us down to the floor to sock it to American workers one more time before he sends us home for summer recess. Today, we are vot-ing on the nomination of Marvin Kaplan to serve on the National Labor Relations Board. Pause here for just a second. The NLRB is probably the most important independent Federal agency that you have never heard of. They are respon-sible for protecting the legal rights of workers to come together and bargain with their bosses for higher wages and better working conditions. Starting a union is not easy. Large employers fight union organizing cam-paigns tooth and nail. They hire armies of union-busting lawyers to run smear campaigns against the unions or to delay or kill organizing efforts. That is why the NLRB is so very im-portant—to serve as a referee that en-sures employers play by the rules and workers get a chance to exercise their legal rights. It is the NLRB’s job to stand up for workers—workers like the nearly 4,000 workers at the Nissan plant in Canton, MS, who, beginning tomorrow, will vote on whether to elect a union to represent them. That is what the NLRB has traditionally done—stood up for workers. Just last week, they filed a complaint against Nissan, alleging that the corporation has violated the law by running a union-busting drive, warning workers that they would lose wages and bene-fits if they took the step of joining a union. It is also the NLRB’s job to do the routine but important work of over-seeing the elections. Just last month, the NLRB conducted a secret ballot election at Cooley Dickinson Hospital in Northampton, MA, where nearly 300 service workers elected to be rep-resented by SEIU 1199. With a Republican Congress and President determined to deliver the knockout blow to the middle class, hard-working Americans need an NLRB that is on their side. President Trump’s nominee to the NLRB, Marvin Kaplan, has no experience practicing labor law, but we actually know where he stands on protecting workers. As a Republican House staffer, here is what he has done. He spent years ac-tively working to strip workers of their right to organize under the law. He spent years working to overturn rul-ings by the NLRB that would protect workers’ rights. He worked on the leg-islation to delay union elections by at least 35 days, giving employers and their armies of lawyers and lobbyists more time to fight off organizing ef-forts. He worked on legislation to make some workers ineligible to join unions at their workplaces. He even fought efforts to ensure that Ameri-cans get paid the overtime they de-serve. So after 8 months, the Republicans are about to go on vacation, but not before they jam the NLRB with a new anti-worker nominee. The biggest prob-lem in Washington is that this place works great for giant employers and for giant corporations with armies of lawyers and lobbyists. But workers and their families just get ignored. Presi-dent Trump doesn’t seem to have any problem turning his back on millions of hard-working people, but that is not what we are here for. I will be voting against Marvin Kaplan, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Kaplan nomina-tion? Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.047 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4718 August 2, 2017 
The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 184 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Burr McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Arizona. (The remarks of Mr. F
LAKE per-taining to the submission of S. Res. 243 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
f 
UNITED STATES INTELLIGENCE PROFESSIONALS DAY Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 222 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 222) designating July 26, 2017, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Pro-fessionals Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. WARNER. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 222) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 19, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, for sev-eral years now I have regularly come to this floor to publicly acknowledge the contributions made by our great Federal employees. This is a tradition I inherited from one of our former col-leagues, Senator Ted Kaufman of Dela-ware. Senator Kaufman, who had been a longtime staffer himself before he served as a Senator, would come to this floor on a regular basis to acknowledge and celebrate the tireless work and oc-casional heroics performed by many of our Federal employees. When Senator Kaufmann left this body, I gladly picked up that mantle and since then have come to the floor to draw atten-tion to the extraordinary contributions of many of our Federal workers. Over the past few years, this recogni-tion has included a Social Security ex-ecutive who eliminated a claims back-log to more quickly meet the urgent needs of thousands of Social Security recipients with grave terminal ill-nesses. We have also celebrated the work of a Department of Homeland Se-curity official who saved taxpayers $750 million by streamlining her agency’s procurement processes, and we proudly highlighted the work of a group of en-gineers at NASA Langley Research Center in Virginia, who, in 2010, de-signed a capsule that proved to be cru-cial in saving the lives of 33 Chilean miners who were trapped underground. Too often, our Federal workers are disrespected and demeaned by those who would attempt to use them as scapegoats for all that is allegedly wrong here in Washington. In reality, thousands of our Nation’s dedicated civil servants work tirelessly every day to make our government work for and by the people. Today, I wish to focus for a moment on one such group of outstanding Fed-eral employees—those who work across our Nation’s intelligence agencies to keep our Nation safe. Most of these professionals work in anonymity. Many risk their lives far away from the limelight. That is how it should be, for they are sworn to secrecy, even from their families and loved ones. Over the last decade and a half, our intelligence professionals have increas-ingly been deployed overseas into war zones and other high-threat environ-ments. Regrettably, some have made the highest sacrifice—laying down their lives for their country. For their service, the risks they take and the sacrifices they make every day and because they do not hear this near-ly enough, let me say ‘‘thank you’’ to the intelligence community. As a Senator from the Common-wealth of Virginia, I am proud to rep-resent thousands of current and former members of the intelligence commu-nity who live, work, or retire in our great State. I am also proud to rep-resent these individuals in my current capacity as vice chairman of the Sen-ate Intelligence Committee. My colleagues and I on the com-mittee have again submitted a resolu-tion that marks July 26 as ‘‘United States Intelligence Professionals Day.’’ It was on that day 70 years ago that President Truman signed the National Security Act of 1947, which laid the foundation for today’s U.S. intelligence community. It was earlier in my state-ment that we passed that resolution. In recent years, our committee has had success, as we try to protect our intel-ligence community, with greater intel-ligence sharing and interoperability and because of investments in people and systems. Many challenges remain—from the constant barrage of leaks to the secu-rity of the supply chain, to outdated processes for security clearances. I hope that this year’s intelligence au-thorization bill will begin to address some of these issues. Yet today it is the people in the in-telligence community whom I want to acknowledge—their professionalism, their dedication to duty and country, their silent service, their sacrifices. The men and women of the Nation’s intelligence agencies deserve our re-spect and our thanks. They do not de-serve to be belittled, disrespected, or threatened, and certainly not from their Commander in Chief. To the men and women of the intel-ligence community—these great Fed-eral employees—I conclude with this: We, simply, do not say it enough, but thank you for your service. Thank you for your dedication, and thank you for the great work you do—often unheralded. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RACE FOR CHILDREN ACT Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to voice my support for the FDA Reauthorization Act. Within this legislation is a very important measure that will support the develop-ment of innovative and promising can-cer drugs—the RACE for Children Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.033 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4719 August 2, 2017 
which is a law that I introduced with Senator M
ICHAEL BENNET of the State of Colorado. RACE for Children is sorely needed, as it would close a loophole that exists in current Federal law and prompt companies—pharmaceutical compa-nies—to examine the safety and the ef-ficacy of powerful cancer drugs and how they work on children. This, in turn, will provide doctors with the nec-essary information to properly treat children battling cancer. Pediatric cancer is a leading cause of death by disease among children. A startling statistic: One in every 285 children is diagnosed with cancer be-fore the age of 20. While the good news is that researchers are continuing to make significant advances to treat and cure cancer for adults, the progress to develop safe drugs for pediatric cancer sadly lags far behind. One of the problems is that current law, the way it is today, directs phar-maceutical companies to study the safety and the efficacy of adult drugs on children. So if you develop a drug on diabetes or heart disease or anything for adults, it also requires you to do some of that on children because you want to make sure that it works on both populations and you don’t want to keep a drug out of the market for chil-dren that could work for them. Of course, this requirement is only in place if the FDA believes that there is a pertinent need—in essence, a condi-tion that children suffer from. There are some conditions that are unique to adults; there are few, if any, pediatric populations who have that disease, so maybe they would decide it wasn’t per-tinent to require it. However, this provision in the law specifically exempts cancer drugs. In essence, it says to a pharmaceutical company: If you are going to study the safety and the efficacy of a drug on adults, if there is a pertinent need, if there is a real population out there that suffers from the same condition in children, you have to test it on chil-dren, as well, except if it is a cancer drug. One of the reasons that exemp-tion is in there is because technology— medical technology at the time that law was put in place—didn’t allow re-searchers to target the genetic struc-ture of cancer. In essence, at the time, it didn’t allow them to say: We can go in and find the genetic markers of a specific cancer and test against it. That is why it didn’t have that require-ment. Now, however, we do have that capa-bility. Today, the technology exists to pinpoint the similarities in adult and childhood cancer genomes. So the tech-nology has now reached a point where you can treat the specific genome of a cancer whether it is in an adult or in a child. That is how far the technology has advanced, but the law has not been updated to keep up with it. The result is that there are a lot of adult advances being made, and we don’t know if they work on children because they haven’t been forced to test it. So the RACE for Children’s Act, which is a law that Senator B ENNET  and I offered and is included in the FDA reauthorization, closes that loop-hole. Let me say that getting to this point here on the floor was not easy. So I do need to take a moment to thank the chairman, Senator A
LEXANDER of Ten-nessee, and obviously Senator B
ENNET , but also the pediatric cancer commu-nity, including organizations like the Live Like Bella Foundation in my hometown of Miami, Lambs for Life, the Alliance for Childhood Cancer, St. Jude’s, St. Baldrick’s, Nemours Chil-dren’s Hospital, Arnold Palmer Hos-pital, the American Cancer Society, and so many others that came together to the table to address this important issue in a way that would not limit fu-ture innovations for cancer treatment. It has taken over a year and a half to reach this point, and I am grateful to all of them for their participation be-cause I would not be standing here giv-ing this speech without it. Suffice it to say that, tragically, many of my colleagues in Congress, here in the Senate but also across the country, have been affected by cancer. Whether you are fighting cancer your-self or it is your child, your sister, your brother, your cousin, your friend, I want to make one thing clear: You are not alone in your struggle. I would venture to say that I do not know anyone who has not been im-pacted by pediatric cancer. I have it in my own family, and some have con-fronted it in theirs, in loved ones and children who went to school with your kids. In fact, Live Like Bella Founda-tion was founded for a young girl by the name of Bella from Miami. She was a classmate of my nephew in grade school, and she lost her battle with cancer. Her father has been a tireless advocate for this cause. He moved Heaven and Earth to try to reach a point where they could find a cure for her. That did not come in time. He has now made it the mission of his life to honor her life by continuing this work. So we have all been impacted in some way. As I said, unfortunately, across this country this disease is a reality. I want to share some stories of a few of the children who have been impacted by cancer and who have impacted our of-fice and helped us to make this a pri-ority over the last year and a half. The first is the story of a young boy named Jeremy. He is only 5 years old and has been in treatment for 4 of those 5 years. He has had more than 150 surgeries so far, and ultimately had to have his eyes removed because of can-cer, which left him completely blind, obviously. Then there is Tatum, who was diag-nosed with a rapidly developing brain tumor just before she was supposed to start kindergarten. Her parents were told by the doctors that they should take her home and they should enjoy the little time they had with Tatum because they had no options to treat her. There is Princeton, who was diag-nosed with cancer when he was 5 years old. He is now 7. In those 2 years he has undergone 6 chemo cycles, a bone mar-row transplant, 9 surgeries, 12 rounds of radiation, and 6 cycles of immunotherapy. Because of this in-tense and time-consuming treatment schedule, Princeton built friendships with others who were also in the hos-pital for treatment. Sadly, he has lost many of these friends. Princeton’s best friend was Trevor. Trevor passed away right before Princeton’s birthday party. Princeton came to my office asking the Senate to do more for kids like them. Here is what 7-year-old Princeton said: ‘‘I don’t want my friends to die, and I don’t want me to die.’’ There is the story of Derek. He was a healthy, happy baby until he developed an aggressive form of cancer and it pro-duced tumors all over his body. His body was literally taken over by tu-mors. At only 5 months of age, baby Derek lost his battle against cancer. These are real stories. They are real, heartbreaking stories—stories of our neighbors, friends, and family and what they have endured. But with the developments in medi-cine today, there is no reason these children shouldn’t have a second chance. Yet the treatment options for children with cancer is much more lim-ited than it is for adults, and some of the reasons why are the issues we are trying to address about this law here today. Recent advancements in cancer treatment enable oncology drugs to specifically target the genetic struc-ture of the cancer, and that makes it possible to transition certain adult cancer drugs for pediatric use. How-ever, the basic information you need to do that—about dosing and safety— needs to be determined to guide the doctors responsible for treating these children. These treatments, these ad-vances are providing new-found hope for cancer patients, but mostly only for adult cancer patients. Fortunately, we have a chance and an opportunity to change this, and that is the goal of the RACE for Children Act. The House recently passed the RACE for Children Act as part of the FDA user fee reauthorization bill that is be-fore us here today. It is now our turn to do so and to send this important and potentially lifesaving legislation to the President for his signature. In a place where we have had some heated debates over the last 7 years, since I have been here—6
1⁄2, and more to come—sometimes it feels as though, perhaps, our service here doesn’t make much of an impact. But from time to time, we have unique opportunities to vote on laws and legislation that slightly alter the arc of history and po-tentially help people. Standing here today, I can’t tell you if there will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.052 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4720 August 2, 2017 
1,000 children, 100,000 children, or 5 children who will benefit from a cancer treatment because of this new require-ment in which these adult drugs will have to be tested on children. We don’t know. Standing here today, believing that we all walk on Earth and our days are numbered to the glory and grace of God, frankly, we don’t know if one of our own children, God forbid or some-one we deeply love or one of our chil-dren’s classmates will be impacted by pediatric cancer. But we know that 1 in about 300 children will be. So the chances are that at some point, we will once again have someone we care deep-ly about impacted. We hope that when that moment comes, if it does, that there will be options for their parents and their doctors and that they will have the opportunity to use for them treatments that perhaps would not have been available, had this require-ment not been in the law. That is why I hope and I urge my Senate colleagues to join me in supporting this initiative. In fact, sometimes we give these speeches with a sense of mystery: If this passes; if it doesn’t pass; there is no reason this isn’t going to pass. We all expect the FDA reauthorization bill to pass. I imagine when people vote on this tomorrow, they will read the title of the bill, ‘‘FDA Fee Reauthoriza-tion.’’ It sounds like taking care of the normal course of business—it is impor-tant in its own right, by the way—that this is just this bureaucratic exercise to reauthorize an expiring law. Embed-ded in that law is a very important law, one that I hope will lead to real life-changing innovation in a way that will impact lives, change and save the lives of children here in our country but ultimately in other parts of the world as well. That is why I felt it was important to come to the Senate floor and, obvi-ously, urge my colleagues to support this initiative but also to urge my col-leagues to be proud of it. We are about to go home, whether it is tomorrow or next week, and answer to our constituents for all the things we didn’t do. There are some signifi-cant issues we have not confronted and solved for the country, but this is a sig-nificant issue. There aren’t going to be a lot of articles written about it; there aren’t going to be blaring headlines on the websites about it, mailers and cam-paign commercials. That doesn’t mean it isn’t important. We live in a society where oftentimes good news doesn’t draw ratings, and good news doesn’t drive eyeballs and clicks to a website. It doesn’t make it unimportant. It doesn’t make it insignificant. This is significant. This is an oppor-tunity. This is evidence that more often than perhaps people realize, fel-low Americans of different points of view, representing diverse States and communities, who approach the polit-ical process with very different ideologies and aims, come together to make a difference. I am pleased that while there are many things we have not done, we will leave here tomorrow or next week knowing that at least we did one thing that will matter. It is an important thing because these children whom we are trying to help do not have the time to continue waiting for us to step up and take action. I thank the Chair. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VERMONT POLICE CHIEF’S RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT TRUMP Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Brandon del Pozo proudly serves as the chief of police in Burlington, VT—Vermont’s largest city. He arrived in Vermont 2 years ago, after serving for nearly two decades with the New York Police De-partment, where he rose through the ranks and learned hard lessons on the streets of such a large urban center. One needs only to sit with Chief del Pozo for a short while to understand his commitment to community service and to community. So it comes as no surprise that Chief del Pozo grew alarmed when he heard President Trump recently tell a law en-forcement gathering that police should not be ‘‘too nice’’ to those who are placed under arrest, seeming to suggest that police should go against the very policies that exist to protect against police misconduct. We cannot tolerate this kind of public comment and cer-tainly not from the President of the United States. There is nothing the least bit humorous in any of this. In fact, President Trump’s comments have undermined the efforts of police departments across our Nation to build trust within their communities at a time when that trust is most needed. As a doctoral candidate holding three master’s degrees, Chief del Pozo is well studied in the rules of engagement. He is also a talented writer. In an essay he submitted to CNN, Chief del Pozo re-sponded directly to the President’s comments, writing: ‘‘Policing requires dealing with the emotions cops are bound to feel when they witness the worst things one person can do to an-other. It is criminals who act on these emotions and attack other people. Re-straint is what separates policing from vigilantism.’’ It is a viewpoint that is real, told through the eyes of an experienced street cop who works in reality, not re-ality TV. I ask unanimous consent that Chief del Pozo’s full CNN essay be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From CNN, July 31, 2017] T
RUMP ON POLICE BRUTALITY : HARHARHAR (By Brandon del Pozo) When I was a New York Police Department cop in East Flatbush in 2000, I once rushed into an apartment building with fellow offi-cers on a call of an assault. We found a boy in the hallway under attack. He was crying, and bleeding from stab wounds inflicted by his mother’s boyfriend. The boy ran into my arms. Our sergeant confronted his attacker. He could have shot the man. Instead, he fought him into submission. The boy had been stabbed because he had called the police while the man was attack-ing his mother. She was lying on the hallway stairs in a pool of blood. That her son had served as a distraction was probably the only reason she survived. ‘‘You saved our lives,’’ the boy sobbed. He hugged me. His blood and tears wet my shirt. As the suspect sat there in handcuffs wait-ing to be led away, I asked him why he had stabbed a child. ‘‘Boy gotta learn not to get in a man’s business,’’ he said. ‘‘So now he learned.’’ A fury rose within me that nearly caused me to shake. ‘‘We should have shot you,’’ I said. But we didn’t shoot him, nor did we lay a hand on him once he’d surrendered. Policing requires dealing with the emotions cops are bound to feel when they witness the worst things one person can do to another. It is criminals who act on these emotions and at-tack other people. Restraint is what sepa-rates policing from vigilantism. Now we have a President who appears to want police to satisfy their primal urges. Ei-ther as a joke—as White House press sec-retary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders has now suggested—or as one of many true things that have been said in jest, President Donald Trump addressed a roomful of officers on Long Island on Friday and invited them to be ‘‘rough’’ with their suspects. He advised them to be free with their hands as they shoved arrestees into squad cars, to ‘‘not be too nice.’’ His grin and his pause for an ova-tion erased any uncertainty about his mes-sage. An elected official could only say what Trump said if he didn’t understand policing. People who’ve gained this type of experience know the real possibility of a cop losing his temper, how hard we have to guard against it, and how much it would erode the trust we strive for between police and the people they serve. It also seems like the President doesn’t un-derstand certain things about America. There has been enough confirmed police bru-tality here to send chills down the spine of a reasonable person watching the President and a crowd of cops joke and laugh about it. It’s like laughing about the dire con-sequences of inadequate health care, or the opioid crisis. It’s also clear that President Trump has never had to fire or arrest a police officer: The cop sits there in front of you, replaying a moment in his mind, wishing he could take it back. He put on the uniform to be one of the good guys, and now he’s on the opposite side of the table. He worries about sup-porting his family. The way to get our officers to retirement safely, after a satisfying career, is to lead them through policing’s cauldron. Excessive force could get them fired or arrested. Mak-ing light of it is a failure of leadership. It was hard to watch a roomful of officers laugh and applaud in response to Trump’s re-marks. The only charitable explanation was that it indicated a sense of relief that the President understood how vicious some criminals are and how frustrating the work of bringing them to justice can be. The more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.053 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4721 August 2, 2017 
likely explanation is that the President has a talent for bringing out the darker side of people, and this was another example of it. What we witnessed will drive a deeper wedge between the police and the citizens whose mistrust of them has grown. It will cast doubt on legitimate uses of force. What troubles me the most about the President’s remarks, however, is the way they patronized police officers. He has never held a wounded child in his arms or had to decide whether to punch or shoot a man with a knife. He has never had to race to the scene of a police shooting and choke on his feelings as he hunts for a suspect with preci-sion and restraint. His remarks failed to take police work and its hazards seriously. When I later served as a precinct com-mander in the Bronx, a sergeant of mine was suspended because he stood there and did nothing as he watched an officer slam a handcuffed suspect’s head into the street. A narcotics detective had been shot during a scuffle with a drug crew, the responding offi-cers were blind with rage, and one exacted revenge. When a video surfaced, the emo-tions didn’t convey. It just looked thuggish, like the cop was a criminal, too. By his own account, it seems the President would also have been inclined to stand there and do nothing. There are thousands of American police chiefs who know what these situations require. They want to protect their officers by leading them in the right direction. We don’t need the President joking with them about giving in to their baser instincts. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY ALICE M
CKENZIE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is a privilege for each of us to represent our constituents, and it is a great honor to be able to recognize the contributions many of them make to our commu-nities at home. On this occasion, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mary Alice McKenzie, a fix-ture in the Burlington, VT, commu-nity. Ms. McKenzie has served as the executive director of the Boys & Girls Club of Burlington since 2007, and dur-ing her tenure at the club, she has had a lasting impact on the lives of thou-sands of Vermont children. The com-munity is grateful for her service. Ms. McKenzie comes from a business and legal background—a nontradi-tional path to her current position that provided her with a unique set of skills. Mary Alice began her work at the Boys & Girls Club after serving as the chief executive officer of McKenzie Meats from 1985 to 2000. She then spent sev-eral years in the Vermont State college system as general counsel and served with the law firm Paul Frank & Collins before taking over at the Boys & Girls Club of Burlington in 2007. At the Boys & Girls Club, Mary Alice has focused her efforts on education. When she realized how few club kids were going on to higher education, she enacted the Early Promise program, which targets children at a young age who may need additional academic services and then provides college scholarships to older youth. As of today, the scholarship fund has invest-ments totaling $2.3 million from which to draw. In a short time, the club hopes to be able to help 60 Burlington chil-dren achieve their academic goals in high school and beyond. The Boys & Girls Club plays an im-portant role in the lives of more than 1,000 Burlington children. Aside from the academic services, the club also works to ensure a safe and stable com-munity for its young members. When Ms. McKenzie began hearing reports of suspected drug use occurring in a park across the street from the club, she as-sembled a task force of local law en-forcement officials, social workers, and policymakers to work towards a solu-tion that would ensure the safety of club kids. The Boys & Girls Club ex-panded activities in the park and even-tually took over use of an old storage building which is now an academic cen-ter. Ms. McKenzie has also focused her ef-forts on children who have experienced trauma. Under her leadership, the club has started a program to help children deal with the issues that stem from trauma at a young age. Their goal is to create stability for children whose home lives may be turbulent due to issues such as homelessness and addic-tion. These are profoundly difficult sit-uations for youth to handle, and the ef-forts of the staff at the Boys & Girls Club are surely appreciated. These efforts have not gone unno-ticed. Not only is Ms. McKenzie be-loved by members of the club who tell stories of her kindness and generosity, but in 2014, Ms. McKenzie was granted Champlain College’s Distinguished Cit-izen Award for her years of service to the community. This award was well deserved; there are few people who dedicate themselves to service in the way that Mary Alice McKenzie has. During her tenure at the Boys & Girls Club of Burlington, Mary Alice McKenzie has repeatedly identified sig-nificant issues within the community and worked to find creative and lasting solutions. As she concludes her years of service with the club, it is clear that her efforts have paid off. The Boys & Girls Club has more teens moving on to college than ever before, and the club continues to expand, providing an in-valuable space for Burlington’s youth to spend their free time. I am very grateful for Mary Alice’s tireless dedi-cation, and I look forward to seeing what the future of her career brings. Marcelle and I think of her as a dear friend. 
f 
CBO ESTIMATE OF H.R. 2430 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, for the in-formation of my colleagues, the Con-gressional Budget Office released its estimate of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reau-thorization Act of 2017, in July 2017. In-formation related to this House-passed bill can be found at the Congressional Budget Office’s website with the fol-lowing link: https://www.cbo.gov/ system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/ costestimate/hr2430.pdf FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION USER FEE REAUTHORIZATION Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD a copy of the commit-ment letters from the Secretary of Health and Human Services to the chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the chairman of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives regarding re-authorization of the Biosimilar User Fee Act, Generic Drug User Fee Act, Prescription Drug User Fee Act, and Medical Device User Fee Amendments. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & H
UMAN SERVICES , Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR ALEXANDER , Chairman, Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, U.S. Senate, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012 (GDUFA) en-acted as title III of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration Safety and Innovation Act [Pub. L. 112–144], expires at the end of Fiscal Year 2017. With this letter the Administra-tion is providing our recommendations for the reauthorization of GDUFA for the Fiscal Years 2018–2022 (GDUFA II). Under GDUFA, the revenues generated from fees paid by the generic pharmaceutical industry have been used to expedite the proc-ess for the review of generic drugs and to support and augment regulatory science and drug development. The expenditure of these funds is in accordance with the statute and provides resources to meet the performance goals and procedures that were developed by the Food and Drug Administration [FDA] in consultation with representatives of regu-lated industry. FDA estimates that the fees negotiated in GDUFA II will average ap-proximately $493.6 million per year, adjusted annually for inflation. Throughout this process, the FDA has so-licited input and worked with various stake-holders, including representatives from con-sumer, patient, academic research, and health provider groups, and negotiated with the regulated industry, to develop reauthor-ization recommendations for GDUFA that would build upon and enhance the success of the program. In addition, we have complied with the statutory requirements to solicit public comments on our recommendations, and the summary of public comments is posted on the agency web site. Our recommendations build upon the suc-cesses of existing programs and performance goals with step-wise improvements allowing FDA the resources to establish a generic drug review program that can keep up with the ever-expanding generic drug industry. The recommendations will bring all Abbre-viated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) under a common review goals scheme which calls for faster review cycles of 10 months for standard ANDAs and eight months for pri-ority ANDAs. Priority status will be re-served for drug shortages, first generics, sole source generics and other public health pri-orities. The negotiated recommendations provide that FDA will communicate defi-ciencies to industry throughout rather than at the end of a review cycle, increasing the chances for applicants to remedy deficiencies and obtain approval in fewer cycles. This will allow for improved predictability and transparency and enable industry advanced business planning. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.036 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4722 August 2, 2017 
The agreement also establishes a robust Pre-ANDA program for complex products. The program will include meetings with ap-plicants, guidance development and regu-latory science enhancements aimed at allow-ing applicants with complex products to sub-mit more complete applications and FDA to be more prepared for such submissions. FDA will also make improvements to the facility assessment program in order to in-crease predictability, transparency and safe-ty. In addition, FDA has committed to ac-countability and reporting enhancements. FDA will conduct activities to evaluate the financial administration and resource alloca-tions of the GDUFA II program to help iden-tify areas to enhance operational and fiscal efficiency and transparency. FDA will also expand GDUFA program performance report-ing to enable the regulated industry, pa-tients and consumer groups, and other stake-holders to better gauge the generic drug pro-gram’s performance. Lastly, the agreement would revamp the user fee structure. GDUFA II will be funded at a level commensurate with the volume of ANDA submissions—the primary workload driver of the program. This will allow FDA the resources necessary to meet all of its commitments. In order to maintain a pre-dictable fee base and to more closely align fee responsibility with program costs and fee-paying ability, FDA and industry have agreed to shift the burden more toward an-nual program fees. To address specific small business concerns, FDA and industry have proposed three distinct small business con-siderations. We anticipate that the proposed GDUFA II will increase public access to af-fordable, generic drug products. The following five enclosures are provided for your consideration: The proposed GDUFA II statutory language; a redline of current law; the GDUFA Reauthorization Perform-ance Goals and Procedures—Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; the Background for the Proposed Changes for Reauthorization of GDUFA in Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; and the summary of public comments. Thank you for the opportunity to present our recommendations to reauthorize this vital program. We would be pleased to brief your staff on the details and want to work closely with Congress in order to reauthorize the program in a timely manner. The Office of Management and Budget has advised that the bill and the enclosed performance goals are in accord with the Administration’s pro-gram. Sincerely, S
YLVIA BURWELL , Secretary. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & H
UMAN SERVICES , Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. Hon. P
ATTY MURRAY , Ranking Member, Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR MURRAY : The Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012 (GDUFA) en-acted as title III of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration Safety and Innovation Act [Pub. L. 112–144], expires at the end of Fiscal Year 2017. With this letter the Administra-tion is providing our recommendations for the reauthorization of GDUFA for the Fiscal Years 2018–2022 (GDUFA II). Under GDUFA, the revenues generated from fees paid by the generic pharmaceutical industry have been used to expedite the proc-ess for the review of generic drugs and to support and augment regulatory science and drug development. The expenditure of these funds is in accordance with the statute and provides resources to meet the performance goals and procedures that were developed by the Food and Drug Administration [FDA] in consultation with representatives of regu-lated industry. FDA estimates that the fees negotiated in GDUFA II will average ap-proximately $493.6 million per year, adjusted annually for inflation. Throughout this process, the FDA has so-licited input and worked with various stake-holders, including representatives from con-sumer, patient, academic research, and health provider groups, and negotiated with the regulated industry, to develop reauthor-ization recommendations for GDUFA that would build upon and enhance the success of the program. In addition, we have complied with the statutory requirements to solicit public comments on our recommendations, and the summary of public comments is posted on the agency web site. Our recommendations build upon the suc-cesses of existing programs and performance goals with step-wise improvements allowing FDA the resources to establish a generic drug review program that can keep up with the ever-expanding generic drug industry. The recommendations will bring all Abbre-viated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) under a common review goals scheme which calls for faster review cycles of 10 months for standard ANDAs and eight months for pri-ority ANDAs. Priority status will be re-served for drug shortages, first generics, sole source generics and other public health pri-orities. The negotiated recommendations provide that FDA will communicate defi-ciencies to industry throughout rather than at the end of a review cycle, increasing the chances for applicants to remedy deficiencies and obtain approval in fewer cycles. This will allow for improved predictability and transparency and enable industry advanced business planning. The agreement also establishes a robust Pre-ANDA program for complex products. The program will include meetings with ap-plicants, guidance development and regu-latory science enhancements aimed at allow-ing applicants with complex products to sub-mit more complete applications and FDA to be more prepared for such submissions. FDA will also make improvements to the facility assessment program in order to in-crease predictability, transparency and safe-ty. In addition, FDA has committed to ac-countability and reporting enhancements. FDA will conduct activities to evaluate the financial administration and resource alloca-tions of the GDUFA II program to help iden-tify areas to enhance operational and fiscal efficiency and transparency. FDA will also expand GDUFA program performance report-ing to enable the regulated industry, pa-tients and consumer groups, and other stake-holders to better gauge the generic drug pro-gram’s performance. Lastly, the agreement would revamp the user fee structure. GDUFA II will be funded at a level commensurate with the volume of ANDA submissions—the primary workload driver of the program. This will allow FDA the resources necessary to meet all of its commitments. In order to maintain a pre-dictable fee base and to more closely align fee responsibility with program costs and fee-paying ability, FDA and industry have agreed to shift the burden more toward an-nual program fees. To address specific small business concerns, FDA and industry have proposed three distinct small business con-siderations. We anticipate that the proposed GDUFA II will increase public access to af-fordable, generic drug products. The following five enclosures are provided for your consideration: The proposed GDUFA II statutory language; a redline of current law; the GDUFA Reauthorization Perform-ance Goals and Procedures—Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; the Background for the Proposed Changes for Reauthorization of GDUFA in Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; and the summary of public comments. Thank you for the opportunity to present our recommendations to reauthorize this vital program. We would be pleased to brief your staff on the details and want to work closely with Congress in order to reauthorize the program in a timely manner. The Office of Management and Budget has advised that the bill and the enclosed performance goals are in accord with the Administration’s pro-gram. Sincerely, SYLVIA BURWELL , Secretary. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & H
UMAN SERVICES , Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012 (GDUFA) en-acted as title III of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration Safety and Innovation Act [Pub. L. 112–144], expires at the end of Fiscal Year 2017. With this letter the Administra-tion is providing our recommendations for the reauthorization of GDUFA for the Fiscal Years 2018–2022 (GDUFA II). Under GDUFA, the revenues generated from fees paid by the generic pharmaceutical industry have been used to expedite the proc-ess for the review of generic drugs and to support and augment regulatory science and drug development. The expenditure of these funds is in accordance with the statute and provides resources to meet the performance goals and procedures that were developed by the Food and Drug Administration [FDA] in consultation with representatives of regu-lated industry. FDA estimates that the fees negotiated in GDUFA II will average ap-proximately $493.6 million per year, adjusted annually for inflation. Throughout this process, the FDA has so-licited input and worked with various stake-holders, including representatives from con-sumer, patient, academic research, and health provider groups, and negotiated with the regulated industry, to develop reauthor-ization recommendations for GDUFA that would build upon and enhance the success of the program. In addition, we have complied with the statutory requirements to solicit public comments on our recommendations, and the summary of public comments is posted on the agency web site. Our recommendations build upon the suc-cesses of existing programs and performance goals with step-wise improvements allowing FDA the resources to establish a generic drug review program that can keep up with the ever-expanding generic drug industry. The recommendations will bring all Abbre-viated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) under a common review goals scheme which calls for faster review cycles of 10 months for standard ANDAs and eight months for pri-ority ANDAs. Priority status will be re-served for drug shortages, first generics, sole source generics and other public health pri-orities. The negotiated recommendations provide that FDA will communicate defi-ciencies to industry throughout rather than at the end of a review cycle, increasing the chances for applicants to remedy deficiencies and obtain approval in fewer cycles. This will allow for improved predictability and transparency and enable industry advanced business planning. The agreement also establishes a robust Pre-ANDA program for complex products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.030 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4723 August 2, 2017 
The program will include meetings with ap-plicants, guidance development and regu-latory science enhancements aimed at allow-ing applicants with complex products to sub-mit more complete applications and FDA to be more prepared for such submissions. FDA will also make improvements to the facility assessment program in order to in-crease predictability, transparency and safe-ty. In addition, FDA has committed to ac-countability and reporting enhancements. FDA will conduct activities to evaluate the financial administration and resource alloca-tions of the GDUFA II program to help iden-tify areas to enhance operational and fiscal efficiency and transparency. FDA will also expand GDUFA program performance report-ing to enable the regulated industry, pa-tients and consumer groups, and other stake-holders to better gauge the generic drug pro-gram’s performance. Lastly, the agreement would revamp the user fee structure. GDUFA II will be funded at a level commensurate with the volume of ANDA submissions—the primary workload driver of the program. This will allow FDA the resources necessary to meet all of its commitments. In order to maintain a pre-dictable fee base and to more closely align fee responsibility with program costs and fee-paying ability, FDA and industry have agreed to shift the burden more toward an-nual program fees. To address specific small business concerns, FDA and industry have proposed three distinct small business con-siderations. We anticipate that the proposed GDUFA II will increase public access to af-fordable, generic drug products. The following five enclosures are provided for your consideration: The proposed GDUFA II statutory language; a redline of current law; the GDUFA Reauthorization Perform-ance Goals and Procedures Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; the Background for the Pro-posed Changes for Reauthorization of GDUFA in Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; and the summary of public comments. Thank you for the opportunity to present our recommendations to reauthorize this vital program. We would be pleased to brief your staff on the details and want to work closely with Congress in order to reauthorize the program in a timely manner. The Office of Management and Budget has advised that the bill and the enclosed performance goals are in accord with the Administration’s pro-gram. Sincerely, S
YLVIA BURWELL , Secretary. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & H
UMAN SERVICES , Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE PALLONE : The Ge- neric Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012 (GDUFA) enacted as title III of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act [Pub. L. 112–144], expires at the end of Fiscal Year 2017. With this letter the Admin-istration is providing our recommendations for the reauthorization of GDUFA for the Fiscal Years 2018–2022 (GDUFA II). Under GDUFA, the revenues generated from fees paid by the generic pharmaceutical industry have been used to expedite the proc-ess for the review of generic drugs and to support and augment regulatory science and drug development. The expenditure of these funds is in accordance with the statute and provides resources to meet the performance goals and procedures that were developed by the Food and Drug Administration [FDA] in consultation with representatives of regu-lated industry. FDA estimates that the fees negotiated in GDUFA II will average ap-proximately $493.6 million per year, adjusted annually for inflation. Throughout this process, the FDA has so-licited input and worked with various stake-holders, including representatives from con-sumer, patient, academic research, and health provider groups, and negotiated with the regulated industry, to develop reauthor-ization recommendations for GDUFA that would build upon and enhance the success of the program. In addition, we have complied with the statutory requirements to solicit public comments on our recommendations, and the summary of public comments is posted on the agency web site. Our recommendations build upon the suc-cesses of existing programs and performance goals with step-wise improvements allowing FDA the resources to establish a generic drug review program that can keep up with the ever-expanding generic drug industry. The recommendations will bring all Abbre-viated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) under a common review goals scheme which calls for faster review cycles of 10 months for standard ANDAs and eight months for pri-ority ANDAs. Priority status will be re-served for drug shortages, first generics, sole source generics and other public health pri-orities. The negotiated recommendations provide that FDA will communicate defi-ciencies to industry throughout rather than at the end of a review cycle, increasing the chances for applicants to remedy deficiencies and obtain approval in fewer cycles. This will allow for improved predictability and transparency and enable industry advanced business planning. The agreement also establishes a robust Pre-ANDA program for complex products. The program will include meetings with ap-plicants, guidance development and regu-latory science enhancements aimed at allow-ing applicants with complex products to sub-mit more complete applications and FDA to be more prepared for such submissions. FDA will also make improvements to the facility assessment program in order to in-crease predictability, transparency and safe-ty. In addition, FDA has committed to ac-countability and reporting enhancements. FDA will conduct activities to evaluate the financial administration and resource alloca-tions of the GDUFA II program to help iden-tify areas to enhance operational and fiscal efficiency and transparency. FDA will also expand GDUFA program performance report-ing to enable the regulated industry, pa-tients and consumer groups, and other stake-holders to better gauge the generic drug pro-gram’s performance. Lastly, the agreement would revamp the user fee structure. GDUFA II will be funded at a level commensurate with the volume of ANDA submissions—the primary workload driver of the program. This will allow FDA the resources necessary to meet all of its commitments. In order to maintain a pre-dictable fee base and to more closely align fee responsibility with program costs and fee-paying ability, FDA and industry have agreed to shift the burden more toward an-nual program fees. To address specific small business concerns, FDA and industry have proposed three distinct small business con-siderations. We anticipate that the proposed GDUFA II will increase public access to af-fordable, generic drug products. The following five enclosures are provided for your consideration: The proposed GDUFA II statutory language; a redline of current law; the GDUFA Reauthorization Perform-ance Goals and Procedures—Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; the Background for the Proposed Changes for Reauthorization of GDUFA in Fiscal Years 2018 through 2022; and the summary of public comments. Thank you for the opportunity to present our recommendations to reauthorize this vital program. We would be pleased to brief your staff on the details and want to work closely with Congress in order to reauthorize the program in a timely manner. The Office of Management and Budget has advised that the bill and the enclosed performance goals are in accord with the Administration’s pro-gram. Sincerely, SYLVIA BURWELL , Secretary. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the commit-ment letter for the Generic Drug User Fee Act, GDUFA, reauthorization for fiscal years 2018 to 2022, known as GDUFA II. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
GDUFA REAUTHORIZATION PERFORM-ANCE GOALS AND PROGRAM ENHANCE-MENTS FISCAL YEARS 2018–2022 I. Submission Review Performance Goals A. Original ANDAs and ANDA Amend-ments B. PASs and PAS Amendments C. Unsolicited ANDA and PAS Amend-ments D. DMFs E. Controlled Correspondence F. GDUFA I Bridging II. Original ANDA Review Program En-hancements A. ANDA Receipt B. ANDA Review Transparency and Com-munications Enhancements C. Review Classification Changes During the Review Cycle D. ANDA Approval and Tentative Approval E. Dispute Resolution F. Other ANDA Review Program Aspira-tions III. Pre-ANDA Program and Subsequent Mid-Review-Cycle Meetings for Complex Products A. Rationale for Pre-ANDA Program, Guid-ance on Enhanced Pathway for Complex Products B. Controlled Correspondence C. Product-Specific Guidance D. Product Development Meetings E. Pre-Submission Meetings F. Inactive Ingredient Database Enhance-ments G. Regulatory Science Enhancements H. Safety Determination Letters I. Other Pre-ANDA Program Aspirations IV. DMF Review Program Enhancements A. Communication of DMF Review Com-ments B. Teleconferences to Clarify DMF First Cycle Review Deficiencies C. DMF First Adequate Letters D. DMF No Further Comment Letters E. Guidance on Post-Approval Changes to Type II API DMFs V. Facilities A. Guidance on Risk-Based Site Selection Model B. Outreach to Foreign Regulators on Risk-Based Site Selection Model C. Export Support and Education of Other Health Authorities D. Communications to Foreign Regulators E. Communication Regarding Inspections F. GDUFA II Facility Compliance Status Database VI. Enhanced Accountability and Report-ing A. Resource Management Planning and Modernized Time Reporting B. Financial Transparency and Efficiency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.031 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4724 August 2, 2017 
C. Performance Reporting VII. Definitions GDUFA R
EAUTHORIZATION PERFORMANCE  G
OALS AND PROGRAM ENHANCEMENTS FIS-
CALYEARS 2018–2022 This document contains the performance goals and program enhancements for the Ge-neric Drug User Fee Act (GDUFA) reauthor-ization for Fiscal Years (FYs) 2018–2022, known as GDUFA II. It is commonly referred to as the ‘‘goals letter’’ or ‘‘commitment let-ter’’. The goals letter represents the product of the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA’s) discussions with the regulated in-dustry and public stakeholders, as mandated by Congress. The performance goals and pro-gram enhancements specified in this letter apply to aspects of the generic drug review program that are important for facilitating timely access to quality, affordable generic medicines. FDA is committed to meeting the performance goals specified in this letter and to continuous improvement of its perform-ance. Unless otherwise stated, goals apply to co-horts of each fiscal year (FY). GDUFA R
EAUTHORIZATION PERFORMANCE  G
OALS ANDPROCEDURES FISCAL YEARS  2018–2022 The performance goals and procedures of the FDA, as agreed to under the first reau-thorization of the generic drug user fee pro-gram, are summarized below. 
I. SUBMISSION REVIEW PERFORMANCE GOALS  A. Original ANDAs and ANDA Amendments 1. Review and act on 90 percent of standard original Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) within 10 months of the date of ANDA submission. 2. Review and act on 90 percent of priority original ANDAs within the applicable review goal. a. Review and act on priority original ANDAs within 8 months of the date of ANDA submission, if the applicant submits a Pre- Submission Facility Correspondence 2 months prior to the date of ANDA submis-sion and the Pre-Submission Facility Cor-respondence is found to be complete and ac-curate and remains unChanged. b. Review and act on priority original ANDAs within 10 months of the date of ANDA submission if the applicant does not submit a Pre-Submission Facility Cor-respondence 2 months prior to the date of ANDA submission or facility information changes or is found to be incomplete or inac-curate. 3. Review and act on 90 percent of standard major ANDA amendments within the appli-cable review goal. a. Review and act on standard major ANDA amendments within 8 months of the date of amendment submission if preapproval in-spection is not required. b. Review and act on standard major ANDA amendments within 10 months of the date of amendment submission if preapproval in-spection is required. 4. Review and act on 90 percent of priority major ANDA amendment submissions within the applicable review goal. a. Review and act on priority major ANDA amendments within 6 months of the date of amendment submission if preapproval in-spection is not required. b. Review and act on priority major ANDA amendments within 8 months of amendment submission if (i) preapproval inspection is re-quired and (ii) applicant submits a Pre-Sub-mission Facility Correspondence 2 months prior to the date of amendment submission and the Pre-Submission Facility Correspond-ence is found to be complete and accurate and remains unchanged. c. Review and act on priority major ANDA amendments within 10 months of amendment submission if (i) preapproval inspection is re-quired and (ii) the applicant does not submit a Pre-Submission Facility Correspondence 2 months prior to amendment submission, or facility information Changes or is found to be incomplete or inaccurate. 5. Review and act on 90 percent of standard and priority minor ANDA amendments with-in 3 months of the date of amendment sub-mission. TABLE FOR SECTION I(A)(1) AND (2): ORIGINAL ANDAS 
Submission Type Goal 
Standard Original ANDAs ...... 90% within 10 months of submission date. Priority Original ANDAs .......... 90% within 8 months of submission date if applicant meets requirements under I(A)(2)(a). 90% within 10 months of submission date if applicant does not meet requirements as described under I(A)(2)(b). 
TABLE FOR SECTION I(A)(3)–(5): ANDA AMENDMENTS 
Submission Type Goal 
Standard Major ANDA Amend-ments. 90% within 8 months of submission date if preapproval inspection not required. 90% within 10 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required. Priority Major ANDA Amend-ments. 90% within 6 months of submission date if preapproval inspection not required. 90% within 8 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required and ap-plicant meets requirements under I(A)(4)(b). 90% within 10 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required and applicant does not meet requirements as described under I(A)(4)(c). Standard and Priority Minor ANDA Amendments. 90% within 3 months of submission date. 
B. PASs and PAS Amendments 1. Review and act on 90 percent of standard Prior Approval Supplements (PASs) within the applicable review goal. a. Review and act on standard PASs within 6 months of the date of PAS submission if preapproval inspection is not required. b. Review and act on standard PASs within 10 months of the date of PAS submission if preapproval inspection is required. 2. Review and act on 90 percent of priority PASs within the applicable review goal. a. Review and act on priority PASs within 4 months of the date of PAS submission if preapproval inspection is not required. b. Review and act on priority PASs within 8 months of the date of PAS submission if (i) preapproval inspection is required and (ii) the applicant submits a Pre-Submission Fa-cility Correspondence 2 months prior to the date of PAS submission and the Pre-Submis-sion Facility Correspondence is found to be complete and accurate and remains un-changed. c. Review and act on priority PASs within 10 months of PAS submission if (i) preapproval inspection is required and (ii) the applicant does not submit a Pre-Submis-sion Facility Correspondence 2 months prior to the date of PAS submission, or facility in-formation changes or is found to be incom-plete or inaccurate. 3. Review and act on 90 percent of major amendments to standard PASs within the applicable review goal. a. Review and act on major amendments to standard PASs within 6 months of the date of amendment submission if preapproval in-spection is not required. b. Review and act on major amendments to standard PASs within 10 months of the date of amendment submission if preapproval in-spection is required. 4. Review and act on 90 percent of major amendments to priority PASs within the ap-plicable review goal. a. Review and act on major amendments to priority PASs within 4 months of the date of amendment submission if preapproval in-spection is not required. b. Review and act on major amendments to priority PASs within 8 months of the date of amendment submission if (i) preapproval in-spection is required and (ii) the applicant submits a Pre-Submission Facility Cor-respondence 2 months prior to the date of amendment submission and the Pre-Submis-sion Facility Correspondence is found to be complete and accurate and remains un-changed. c. Review and act on major amendments to priority PASs within 10 months of amend-ment submission if (i) preapproval inspection is required and (ii) the applicant does not submit a Pre-Submission Facility Cor-respondence 2 months prior to the date of amendment submission, or facility informa-tion changes or is found to be incomplete or inaccurate. 5. Review and act on 90 percent of minor amendments to standard and priority PASs within 3 months of the date of amendment submission. TABLE FOR SECTION I(B)(1) AND (2): PASs 
Submission Type Goal 
Standard PASs ....................... 90% within 6 months of submission date if preapproval inspection not required. 90% within 10 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required. Priority PASs ........................... 90% within 4 months of submission date if preapproval inspection not required. 90% within 8 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required and ap-plicant meets requirements under I(B)(2)(b). 90% within 10 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required and applicant does not meet requirements as described under I(B)(2)(c). 
TABLE FOR SECTION I(B)(3)–(5): PAS AMENDMENTS 
Submission Type Goal 
Standard PAS Major Amend-ments. 90% within 6 months of submission date if preapproval inspection not required. 90% within 10 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required. Priority PAS Amendments ...... 90% within 4 months of submission date if preapproval inspection not required. 90% within 8 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required and ap-plicant meets requirements under I(B)(4)(b). 90% within 10 months of submission date if preapproval inspection required and applicant does not meet requirements as described under I(B)(4)(c). Standard and Priority Minor PAS Amendments. 90% within 3 months of submission date. 
C. Unsolicited ANDA Amendments and PAS Amendments 1. Review and act on unsolicited ANDA amendments and PAS amendments sub-mitted during the review cycle by the later of the goal date for the original submission/ solicited amendment or the goal date as-signed in accordance with Sections (I)(A)(3), (4) and (5) and (I)(B)(3), (4) and (5), respec-tively, for the unsolicited amendment. 2. Review and act on unsolicited ANDA amendments and PAS amendments sub-mitted between review cycles by the later of the goal date for the subsequent solicited amendment or the goal date assigned in ac-cordance with Sections (I)(A)(3), (4) and (5) and (I)(B)(3), (4) and (5), respectively, for the unsolicited amendment. D. DMFs 1. Complete the initial completeness as-sessment review for 90 percent of Type II Ac-tive Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) Drug Master Files (DMFs) within 60 days of the later of the date of DMF submission or DMF fee payment. 
TABLE FOR SECTION I(D): DMFs 
Submission Type Goal 
Type II API DMF ..................... 90% of initial completeness assessments within 60 days of the later of the date of DMF submission or DMF fee payment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.066 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4725 August 2, 2017 
E. Controlled Correspondence 1. Review and respond to 90 percent of con-trolled correspondences within the applica-ble review goal. a. Review and respond to Standard con-trolled correspondence within 60 days of the date of submission. b. Review and respond to Complex con-trolled correspondence within 120 days of the date of submission. 2. In the case of controlled correspondence that raises an issue that relates to one or more pending citizen petitions, the 60- or 120- day time period starts on the date FDA re-sponds to the petition (if there is only one petition) or last pending petition. 3. FDA will review and respond to 90% of submitter requests to clarify ambiguities in the controlled correspondence response with-in 14 days of receipt of the request. The re-sponse to the submitter’s request will pro-vide clarification or advice concerning the ambiguity in the controlled correspondence response. 
TABLE FOR SECTION I(E): CONTROLLED CORRESPONDENCE 
Submission Type Goal 
Standard Controlled Cor-respondence. 90% within 60 days of submission date. Complex Controlled Cor-respondence. 90% within 120 days of submission date. 
FDA will review and respond to 90% of submitter requests to clarify ambi-guities in the controlled correspondence request within 14 days of re-quest receipt 
F. GDUFA I Bridging 1. Continue to review and act on ANDAs and ANDA amendments, PASs and PAS amendments and controlled correspondence submitted prior to October 1, 2017 that have been assigned GDUFA I goal dates pursuant to the GDUFA I review metrics applicable to those submissions. 2. Review and act on 90% of ANDAs and ANDA amendments with Target Action Dates (TADs) by the goal date. The TAD for an ANDA or ANDA amendment becomes its GDUFA II goal date. (Attachment A shows how FDA, until September 30, 2017, assigned TADs to ANDA amendments not subject to GDUFA I review goals.) 3. Review and act on 90% of ANDAs and ANDA amendments pending FDA as of Octo-ber 1, 2017 that were not subject to GDUFA I goal dates and either (a) were not pre-viously assigned TADs or (b) were previously assigned TADs that came due prior to Octo-ber 1, 2017 but remain pending in the same review cycle as of October 1, 2017, by GDUFA II ANDA and ANDA amendment goal dates that FDA will assign on October 1, 2017. No such goal date shall be later than July 31, 2018. 4. Review and act on amendments received on or after October 1, 2017, to any ANDAs submitted prior to October 1, 2017, pursuant to the amendment review goals set forth in (A)(3)–(5) of this section. 
II. ORIGINAL ANDA REVIEW PROGRAM  
ENHANCEMENTS  A. ANDA Receipt 1. FDA will strive to determine whether to receive ANDAs within 60 days of the date of ANDA submission. 2. To enable FDA to rapidly determine whether to receive an ANDA pursuant to 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) 314.101, and with consideration of final agency guid-ances that address ANDA receipt determina-tions, FDA will issue a Manual of Policies and Procedures (MAPP) by October 1, 2017 setting forth procedures for filing reviewers on communication of minor technical defi-ciencies (e.g., document legibility); and on deficiencies potentially resolved with infor-mation in the ANDA at original submission, in order to provide applicants with an oppor-tunity for resolution within 7 calendar days. If such a deficiency is resolved within 7 cal-endar days, that deficiency will not be a basis for a refuse-to-receive decision. 3. At the time of receipt, FDA will notify the applicant in the acceptance letter wheth-er the ANDA or PAS is subject to priority or standard review B. ANDA Review Transparency and Commu-nications Enhancements To promote transparency and communica-tion between FDA and ANDA applicants, FDA will apply the review program enhance-ments below to the review of all ANDAs. The goal of these program enhancements is to improve predictability and transparency, promote the efficiency and effectiveness of the review process, minimize the number of review cycles necessary for approval, in-crease the overall rate of approval, and fa-cilitate greater access to generic drug prod-ucts. 1. FDA will issue the appropriate Informa-tion Request(s) (IR(s)) and/or Discipline Re-view Letter(s) (DRL(s)) from each review dis-cipline as soon as the discipline has com-pleted its review, with the first IR(s) and/or DRL(s) at about the mid-point of the review. 2. Following the IR and/or DRL at about the mid-point of the review, IRs and/or DRLs will, as appropriate, continue from each re-view discipline on a rolling basis. 3. Neither IRs nor DRLs stop the review clock or add to a GDUFA goal. 4. If an applicant is unable to completely respond within the time frame requested by FDA, including any extensions that may be granted by FDA, then FDA will generally issue a Complete Response Letter (CRL). 5. FDA will continue to issue IRs and/or DRLs late in the review cycle, until it is no longer feasible, within the current review cycle, for applicant to develop and FDA to review a complete response to the IR and/or DRL. 6. FDA should continue to work through the goal date if in FDA’s judgment continued work would likely result in an imminent tentative approval that could prevent for-feiture of 180-day exclusivity or in an immi-nent approval. 7. FDA will strive to act prior to a goal date when the review is done and there are no outstanding issues. 8. If in the ordinary course a Regulatory Project Manager (RPM) learns that a major deficiency is likely forthcoming, the RPM will notify the Authorized Representative that a major deficiency is likely forth-coming. If the Authorized Representative raises concerns or seeks additional informa-tion regarding the forthcoming major defi-ciency, the RPM will encourage the Author-ized Representative to review the forth-coming deficiency upon receiving it. 9. If in the ordinary course an RPM learns that FDA is likely to miss the goal date for the submission, the RPM will notify the Au-thorized Representative of the outstanding discipline(s), the general nature of the delay (when possible), and the estimated time-frame for receiving the response. 10. The Authorized Representative may pe-riodically request a Review Status Update. In response to the Authorized Representa-tive’s request, the RPM will timely provide a Review Status Update. 11. FDA will include in the CRL its basis for classifying a responding amendment Major. 12. Applicants may opt for a post-CRL tele-conference to seek clarification concerning deficiencies identified in a CRL. FDA will grant appropriate requests for telecon-ferences requested by applicants upon receiv-ing first cycle major complete response let-ters. FDA will also grant appropriate re-quests for teleconferences requested by ap-plicants upon receiving subsequent major complete response letters or minor complete response letters. FDA will provide a sched-uled date for 90 percent of post-CRL telecon-ferences within 10 days of the request for a teleconference, and conduct 90 percent of such post-CRL teleconferences held on the FDA-proposed date, within 30 days of receipt of the written request. C. Review Classification Changes During the Review Cycle 1. If during a review cycle of an ANDA or PAS, the review classification of the ANDA or PAS changes from Standard to Priority, FDA will notify the applicant within 14 days of the date of the change. 2. If a previous ANDA or ANDA amend-ment was subject to priority review, but a subsequent ANDA amendment is subject to standard review, FDA will notify applicant within 14 days of the date of receipt of the solicited amendment. 3. A request for a change may occur at any time during the review. 4. Once an ANDA or PAS submission is classified as being subject to priority review, the application will retain such priority re-view classification status until FDA takes an action on the submission. 5. FDA will include an explanation of the reasons for any denial of a review status re-classification request. 6. If an applicant requests a teleconference as part of its request to reclassify a major amendment or standard review status, FDA will schedule and conduct the teleconference and decide 90% of such reclassification re-quests within 30 days of the date of FDA’s re-ceipt of the request for a teleconference. This goal only applies when applicant ac-cepts the first scheduled teleconference date offered by FDA. D. ANDA Approval and Tentative Approval If applicants submit and maintain ANDAs consistent with the statutory requirements for approval under 505(j); respond to IRs and DRLs completely and within the time frames requested by FDA and timely submit all re-quired information under 21 CFR parts 314 and 210, including information concerning notice (21 CFR 314.95), litigation status (21 CFR 314.107), and commercial marketing (21 CFR 314.107); then FDA will strive to approve approvable ANDAs in the first review cycle; to approve potential first generics on the earliest lawful ANDA approval date, if known to FDA; and to tentatively approve first to file Paragraph IV ANDAs so as to avoid forfeiture of 180-day exclusivity. E. Dispute Resolution 1. An applicant may pursue a request for reconsideration within the review discipline at the Division level or original signatory authority, as needed. 2. The Office of Generic Drugs (OGD) Office of Regulatory Operations Associate Director will track each request for Division level re-consideration through resolution. 3. Following resolution of a request for re-consideration, an applicant may pursue for-mal dispute resolution above the Division level, pursuant to procedures set forth in the September 2015 Guidance, Formal Dispute Resolution: Appeals Above the Division Level. 4. FDA will respond to appeals above the Division level within 30 calendar days of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research’s (CDER’s) receipt of the written appeal pursu-ant to the applicable goal. a. In FY 2018, the goal is 70 percent. b. In FY 2019, the goal is 80 percent. c. In FY 2020, 2021, and 2022 the goal is 90 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.068 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4726 August 2, 2017 
5. CDER’s Formal Dispute Resolution Project Manager (or designee) will track each formal appeal above the Division level through resolution F. Other ANDA Review Program Aspirations 1. FDA aspires to continually improve the efficiency of the ANDA review program. 2. The absence of a GDUFA II commitment for a specific program function does not imply that the program function is not im-portant. For example, other program func-tions include determinations whether listed drugs were voluntarily withdrawn from sale for reasons of safety or effectiveness and ANDA proprietary name reviews. 
III. PRE-ANDA PROGRAM AND SUBSEQUENT MID - 
REVIEW -CYCLE MEETINGS FOR COMPLEX PROD -
UCTS A. Rationale for Pre-ANDA Program, Guidance on Enhanced Pathway for Complex Prod-ucts The goal of the pre-ANDA program is to clarify regulatory expectations for prospec-tive applicants early in product develop-ment, assist applicants to develop more com-plete submissions, promote a more efficient and effective ANDA review process, and re-duce the number of review cycles required to obtain ANDA approval, particularly for Com-plex Products. 1. FDA will issue guidance describing an enhanced pathway for Complex Products, in-cluding policies and procedures for Product Development Meetings, pre-submission meetings, and mid-review cycle meetings. An ANDA applicant who was granted a Product Development Meeting has the option of a pre-submission meeting with FDA and also the option of a mid-review-cycle meeting with FDA, subject to policies and procedures to be set forth in the guidance. B. Controlled Correspondence 1. FDA will review and respond to standard controlled correspondence and to complex controlled correspondence with meaningful responses that can more consistently inform drug development and/or regulatory decision making pursuant to the applicable metric goals. C. Product-Specific Guidance 1. FDA will issue product-specific guidance identifying the methodology for developing drugs and generating evidence needed to sup-port ANDA approval, for 90 percent of new chemical entity New Drug Applications that are approved on or after October 1, 2017, at least 2 years prior to the earliest lawful ANDA filing date. 2. This goal shall not apply to Complex Products. FDA will strive to issue guidance for a Complex Product as soon as scientific recommendations are available. 3. FDA will continue to develop and issue product-specific guidance based on requests from industry and public health priorities as set forth in the CDER Prioritization MAPP. 4. Industry may request that FDA develop product-specific guidance via email to genericdrugs@fda.hhs.gov. D. Product Development Meetings 1. FDA will grant a prospective applicant a Product Development Meeting if, in FDA’s judgment: a. The requested Product Development Meeting concerns: i. Development of a Complex Product for which FDA has not issued product-specific guidance or ii. An alternative equivalence evaluation (i.e., change in study type, such as in vitro to clinical) for a Complex Product for which FDA has issued product-specific guidance, b. The prospective applicant submits a complete meeting package, including a data package and specific proposals, c. A controlled correspondence response would not adequately address the prospec-tive applicant’s questions, and d. A Product Development Meeting would significantly improve ANDA review effi-ciency. 2. Dependent on available resources, FDA may grant a prospective applicant a Product Development Meeting concerning Complex Product development issues other than those described in Section III(D)(1)(a) above if, in FDA’s judgment: a. The prospective applicant submits a complete meeting package, including a data package and specific proposals, b. A controlled correspondence response would not adequately address the prospec-tive applicant’s questions, and c. A Product Development Meeting would significantly improve ANDA review effi-ciency. 3. FDA will grant or deny 90% of Product Development Meeting requests within the applicable goal. a. In FYs 2018 and 2019, the goal is 30 days from receipt of the request. b. In FYs 2020, 2021 and 2022, the goal is 14 days from receipt of the request. 4. FDA will conduct Product Development Meetings granted pursuant to the applicable goal. a. In FY 2018, FDA will conduct 60 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. b. In FY2019, FDA will conduct 70 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. c. In FY2020, FDA will conduct 80 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. d. In FYs 2021 and 2022, FDA will conduct 90 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. 5. FDA can meet the Product Development Meeting Goal by either conducting a meeting or providing a meaningful written response that will inform drug development and/or regulatory decision making to the prospec-tive applicant, within the applicable goal date. 6. Unless FDA is providing a written re-sponse to satisfy the Product Development Meeting goal, FDA will provide preliminary written comments before each Product De-velopment Meeting (and aspire to provide the written comments 5 calendar days before the meeting), and will provide meeting min-utes within 30 calendar days following the meeting. E. Pre-Submission Meetings 1. Prospective applicants may request and FDA will conduct pre-submission meetings, subject to Section III(A)(1). An applicant’s decision not to request a pre-submission meeting will not prejudice the receipt or re-view of an ANDA. 2. FDA will grant or deny 90% of pre-sub-mission meeting requests within the applica-ble goal. a. In FYs 2018 and 2019, the goal is 30 days. b. In FYs 2020, 2021, and 2022, the goal is 14 days. 3. If an applicant did not have a Product Development Meeting, FDA may grant a pre- submission meeting if in FDA’s judgment the pre-submission meeting would improve review efficiency. 4. FDA will conduct pre-submission meet-ings granted pursuant to the applicable goal. a. In FY 2018, FDA will conduct 60 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. b. In FY 2019, FDA will conduct 70 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. c. In FY 2020, FDA will conduct 80 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. d. In FYs 2021 and 2022, FDA will conduct 90 percent of such meetings within 120 days of granting them. 5. If appropriate to the purpose of the meeting, FDA will provide preliminary writ-ten comments 5 calendar days before each meeting, and meeting minutes within 30 cal-endar days of the meeting. F. Mid-Review-Cycle Meetings for Complex Products As set forth in guidance issued pursuant to Section III(A)(1), the Project Manager and other appropriate members of the FDA re-view team will call the applicant to provide the applicant with an update on the status of the review of their application. An agenda will be sent to the applicant prior to the mid-review-cycle meeting. The Project Man-ager will coordinate the specific date and time of the telephone call with the appli-cant. G. Inactive Ingredient Database Enhancements 1. By October 1, 2020, FDA will complete enhancements to the Inactive Ingredient Database so users can perform electronic queries to obtain accurate Maximum Daily Intake and Maximum Daily Exposure infor-mation for each route of administration for which data is available. 2. FDA will update the Inactive Ingredient Database on an ongoing basis, and post quar-terly notice of updates made. Such notices will include each change made and, for each change, the information replaced. H. Regulatory Science Enhancements FDA will conduct internal and external re-search to support fulfilment of submission review and pre-ANDA commitments set forth in Sections I and III, respectively. 1. Annually, FDA will conduct a public workshop to solicit input from industry and stakeholders for inclusion in an annual list of GDUFA II Regulatory Science initiatives. Interested parties may propose regulatory science initiatives via email to genericdrugs@fda.hhs.gov. After considering Industry and stakeholder input, FDA will post the list on FDA’s website. 2. If Industry forms a GDUFA II regulatory science working group, then upon request of the working group to the Director of the Of-fice of Research and Standards in the Office of Generic Drugs, FDA will meet with the working group twice yearly to discuss cur-rent and emerging challenges and concerns. FDA will post minutes of these meetings on its website. 3. Annually, FDA will report on its website the extent to which GDUFA regulatory 
science-funded projects support the develop-ment of generic drug products, the genera-tion of evidence needed to support efficient review and timely approval of ANDAs, and the evaluation of generic drug equivalence. I. Safety Determination Letters 1. FDA will issue 90% of safety determina-tion letters within 60 days of the date of sub-mission of disclosure authorization. J. Other Pre-ANDA Program Aspirations 1. FDA aspires to continually improve the effectiveness of its pre-ANDA activity. 2. The absence of a GDUFA II commitment for a specific program function does not imply that the program function is not im-portant. For example, notwithstanding the absence of a GDUFA II commitment, FDA aspires to respond to Suitability Petitions in a more timely and predictable manner. 
IV. DMF REVIEW PROGRAM ENHANCEMENTS  A. Communication of DMF Review Comments 1. FDA will ensure that DMF review com-ments submitted to the DMF holder are issued at least in parallel with the issuance of review comments relating to the DMF for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.069 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4727 August 2, 2017 
the ANDA. This commitment applies to com-ments to the applicant issued in any ANDA CRL and comments issued in the first IR let-ter by the drug product review discipline. B. Teleconferences to Clarify DMF First Cycle Review Deficiencies 1. FDA will grant and conduct telecon-ferences when requested to clarify defi-ciencies in first cycle DMF deficiency let-ters. 2. DMF holders must request such telecon-ferences in writing within 20 business days of issuance of the first cycle DMF deficiency letter, identifying specific issues to be ad-dressed. FDA may initially provide a written response to the request for clarification, but if the DMF holder indicates that a tele-conference is still desired, FDA will schedule the teleconference. 3. FDA will strive to grant such telecon-ferences within 30 days, giving priority to DMFs based on the priority of the ref-erencing ANDA. 4. In lieu of a teleconference, the DMF holder may submit a request for an email ex-change between FDA and the DMF holder. The request must identify specific issues to be addressed. After FDA responds to the re-quest, the DMF holder may submit, and FDA will respond to, one follow up email to ob-tain additional clarification. C. DMF First Adequate Letters 1. Once a DMF has undergone a full sci-entific review and has no open issues related to the review of the referencing ANDA, FDA will issue a First Adequate Letter. D. DMF No Further Comment Letters 1. Once a DMF has undergone a complete review and the ANDA referencing the DMF has been approved or tentatively approved, FDA will issue a no further comment letter. E. Guidance on Post-Approval Changes to Type II API DMFs. 1. By October 1, 2018, FDA will issue a guid-ance regarding post-approval changes to a Type II API DMF and submission mecha-nisms for ANDA applicants who reference the Type II API DMF. 
V. FACILITIES  A. Guidance on Risk-Based Site Selection Model—Issue a guidance explaining the Agen-cy’s risk-based site surveillance model for human pharmaceutical manufacturing estab-lishments, including a discussion of the risk factors incorporated in the model and how the model is used to help determine which establishments are scheduled to receive a surveillance inspection each year. B. Outreach to Foreign Regulators on Risk- Based Site Selection Model—Undertake out-reach activities to better inform other phar-maceutical regulators of FDA’s risk-based surveillance model. C. Export Support and Education of Other Health Authorities—Support the export of safe and effective pharmaceutical products by the U.S.-based pharmaceutical industry, includ-ing but not limited to timely updates to FDA’s Facility Compliance Status Database as described below, and educating other health authorities regarding FDA’s surveil-lance inspection program and the meaning of inspection classifications. D. Communications to Foreign Regulators — Upon receipt of a written or email request by an establishment physically located in the U.S. that has been included as part of a mar-keting application submitted to a foreign regulator, issue within 30 days of the date of receipt of the request a written communica-tion to that foreign regulator conveying the current compliance status for the establish-ment. E. Communication Regarding Inspections 1. By May 31, 2018, when FDA conducts an application-related inspection of a facility or site named in the ANDA, PAS, or associated Type II DMF and identifies outstanding issues that could prevent approval of an ANDA or PAS, the applicant will be notified that issues exist through an IR, DRL or CRL pursuant to Section II(B)) above. 2. By October 1, 2018, FDA agrees to com-municate to the facility owner final inspec-tion classifications that do not negatively impact approvability of any pending applica-tion within 90 days of the end of the inspec-tion. FDA agrees to ongoing periodic engage-ment with industry stakeholders to provide updates on agency activities and seek stake-holder feedback. F. GDUFA II Facility Compliance Status Database—By January 1, 2019, FDA will up-date its existing, publicly available database that describes the compliance status of GDUFA self-ID facilities and sites. Compli-ance status is based on the most recent in-spection or related FDA action for facilities involved in any manufacturing activities subject to Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) inspection and for sites in-volved in the conduct or analysis of bio-analytical or clinical bioequivalence/bio-availability studies conducted to support an ANDA. The database will be updated every 30 days and will reflect FDA’s final assessment of the facility or site following an FDA in-spection and review of the inspected entity’s timely response to any documented observa-tions. The public website containing the database will also include an explanation of terms used to describe the compliance status of facilities and sites. VI. ENHANCED ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTING  FDA will build internal capacity to enable improved productivity and performance through regular assessment of progress to-wards GDUFA goals, consistent methodolo-gies for and timely reporting of GDUFA metrics, and transparent and efficient ad-ministration; allocation and reporting of user fee resources. A. Resource Management Planning and Mod-ernized Time Reporting FDA is committed to enhancing manage-ment of the GDUFA program in GDUFA II. 1. FDA will conduct activities to develop a resource management planning function and modernized time reporting approach in GDUFA II. FDA will staff a planning team responsible for these activities and for pub-lishing a GDUFA program resource manage-ment planning and modernized time report-ing implementation plan no later than fourth quarter FY 2018. 2. FDA will obtain through a contract with an independent third party an evaluation of options and recommendations for a new methodology to accurately assess changes in the resource needs of the human generic drug review program and how to monitor and report on those needs moving forward. The report will be published no later than the end of FY 2020 for public comment. Upon re-view of the report and comments, FDA will implement robust methodologies for assess-ing resource needs of the program and track-ing resource utilization across the program elements. B. Financial Transparency and Efficiency FDA is committed to ensuring GDUFA user fee resources are administered, allo-cated, and reported in an efficient and trans-parent manner. FDA will conduct activities to evaluate the financial administration of the GDUFA program to help identify areas to enhance operational and fiscal efficiency. FDA will also conduct activities to enhance transparency of how GDUFA program re-sources are used. 1. FDA will contract with an independent third party to evaluate and report on how the GDUFA program is resourced and how those resources are utilized, and recommend improvements to the process. 2. FDA will use the results of that evalua-tion to create an ongoing financial reporting mechanism to enhance the transparency of GDUFA program resource utilization. 3. FDA will publish a GDUFA 5-year finan-cial plan no later than the 2nd quarter of FY 2018. FDA will publish updates to the 5-year plan no later than the 2nd quarter of each subsequent fiscal year. 4. FDA will convene a public meeting no later than the third quarter of each fiscal year starting in FY 2019 to discuss the GDUFA 5-year financial plan, along with the Agency’s progress in implementing modern-ized time reporting and resource manage-ment planning. C. Performance Reporting 1. FDA will publish the following monthly metrics on its website, using a consistent, publicly disclosed reporting methodology: a. Number of ANDAs and ANDA amend-ments, DMFs, Changes Being Effected (CBEs) and PASs submitted in the reporting month delineated by type of submission, b. Number each of ANDAs and PASs FDA refused for receipt in the reporting month, c. Number of actions taken in the report-ing month delineated by the type of action. For purposes of the metrics, actions shall include final approvals, tentative approvals, complete response letters, information re-quests, and discipline review letters (or other such nomenclature as FDA determines to re-flect the concepts of an information request or complete response letter), and d. Number of first cycle approvals and ten-tative approvals in the reporting month. 2. FDA will publish the following quarterly metrics on its website, using a consistent, publicly disclosed reporting methodology: a. Number of ANDAs and PASs withdrawn in each reporting month, b. Number of ANDAs awaiting applicant action, and c. Number of ANDAs awaiting FDA action. d. Mean and median approval and tentative approval times for the quarterly action co-hort. 3. FDA will publish the following metrics annually as part of the GDUFA Performance Report: a. Mean and median approval and tentative approval times by FY receipt cohort, b. Mean and median ANDA approval times, including separate reporting of mean and median times for first cycle approvals, c. Mean and median number of ANDA re-view cycles to approval and tentative ap-proval by FY receipt cohort, d. Number of GDUFA related telecon-ferences requested, granted, denied and con-ducted, broken down by type of teleconfer-ence, e. Number of applications received, refused to receive, and average time to receipt deci-sion, f. Number of product development, pre-sub-mission and mid-review cycle meetings re-quested, granted, denied and conducted, by face to face or in writing, g. Number of inspections conducted by do-mestic or foreign establishment location and inspection type (Pre-Approval Inspection (PAI), Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), Bioequivalence (BE) clinical and BE analyt-ical) and facility type (Finished Dosage Form (FDF), API, etc.), h. Median time from beginning of inspec-tion to 483 issuance, i. Median time from 483 issuance to Warn-ing Letter, Import Alert and Regulatory Meeting for inspections with final classifica-tion of Official Action Indicated (OAI) (or equivalent), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.070 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4728 August 2, 2017 
j. Median time from date of Warning Let-ter, Import Alert and Regulatory Meeting to resolution of the OAI status (or equivalent), k. Number of ANDAs accepted for standard review and priority review, l. Number of suitability petitions pending a substantive response for more than 270 days from the date of receipt, m. Number of petitions to determine whether a listed drug has been voluntarily withdrawn from sale for reasons of safety or effectiveness pending a substantive response for more than 270 days from the date of re-ceipt, n. Percentage of ANDA proprietary name requests reviewed within 180 days of receipt, o. Number of DMF First Adequate Letters issued, and p. Number of email exchanges requested and conducted in lieu of teleconferences to clarify deficiencies in first cycle DMF defi-ciency letters. 
VII. DEFINITIONS  A. Act on an application—means FDA will either issue a complete response letter, an approval, a tentative approval, or a refuse- to-receive action. B. Ambiguity in the controlled correspond-ence response—means the controlled cor-respondence response or a critical portion of it, in FDA’s judgment, merits further clari-fication. C. Appropriate, with respect to a request for a post-CRL teleconference—means a com-plete and clear request for a teleconference where the applicant’s goal is to gain an un-derstanding of specific deficiencies and ex-pectations for resolution. D. Authorized Representative—means the authorized point of contact identified in ap-plicant’s letter of authorization or Form 356h. An Authorized Representative may des-ignate an alternate to serve in the Author-ized Representative’s absence. E. Change, with respect to facility infor-mation—means a change to information in the Pre-Submission Facilities Correspond-ence that causes FDA to re-evaluate its fa-cility assessment (i.e., assess the impact of the change on its previous recommendation), such as a change in facility (as described by address, FDA Establishment Identification (FEI) number, or Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number), change in oper-ation(s) performed by a facility, addition of a new facility, withdrawal of a facility used to generate data to meet application require-ments or intended for commercial produc-tion, or a change in inspection readiness (i.e., a facility is no longer ready for inspec-tion). F. Complete response letter (CRL)—refers to a written communication to an applicant or DMF holder from FDA usually describing all of the deficiencies that the agency has identified in an abbreviated application (in-cluding pending amendments) or a DMF that must be satisfactorily addressed before the ANDA can be approved. Complete response letters will reflect a complete review which includes an application-related facilities as-sessment and will require a complete re-sponse from industry to restart the clock. Refer to 21 CFR 314.110 for additional details. When a citizen petition may impact the ap-provability of the ANDA, FDA will strive to address, where possible, valid issues raised in a relevant citizen petition in the complete response letter. If a citizen petition raises an issue that would delay only part of a com-plete response, a response that addresses all other issues will be considered a complete re-sponse. G. Complete review—refers to a full divi-sion-level review from all relevant review disciplines, including inspections, and in-cludes other matters relating to the ANDAs and associated DMFs as well as consults with other agency components. H. Complex controlled correspondence— means: 1. Controlled correspondence involving evaluation of clinical content, 2. Bioequivalence protocols for Reference Listed Drugs with Risk Evaluation and Miti-gation Strategies (REMS) Elements To As-sure Safe Use (ETASU), or 3. Requested evaluations of alternative bio-equivalence approaches within the same study type (e.g., pharmacokinetic, in vitro, clinical). I. Complex Product—generally includes: 1. Products with complex active ingredi-ents (e.g., peptides, polymeric compounds, complex mixtures of APIs, naturally sourced ingredients); complex formulations (e.g., liposomes, colloids); complex routes of deliv-ery (e.g., locally acting drugs such as der-matological products and complex ophthal-mological products and otic dosage forms that are formulated as suspensions, emul-sions or gels) or complex dosage forms (e.g., transdermals, metered dose inhalers, ex-tended release injectables) 2. Complex drug-device combination prod-ucts (e.g., auto injectors, metered dose inhal-ers); and 3. Other products where complexity or un-certainty concerning the approval pathway or possible alternative approach would ben-efit from early scientific engagement. J. Days—unless otherwise specified, means calendar days. K. Discipline review letter (DRL)—means a letter used to convey preliminary thoughts on possible deficiencies found by a discipline reviewer and/or review team for its portion of the pending application at the conclusion of the discipline review. L. Earliest lawful ANDA approval date— the first date on which no patent or exclu-sivity prevents full approval of an ANDA M. First adequate letter—a communication from FDA to DMF holder indicating that the DMF has no open issues related to the review of the referencing ANDA. Issued only at the conclusion of the first DMF review cycle that determines the DMF does not have any open issues. N. First generic—any received ANDA (1) that is a first-to-file ANDA eligible for 180- day exclusivity or for which there are no blocking patents or exclusivities and (2) for which there is no previously approved ANDA for the drug product. O. Information Request (IR)—means a let-ter that is sent to an applicant during a re-view to request further information or clari-fication that is needed or would be helpful to allow completion of the discipline review. P. Major amendment—means a major amendment as described in CDER’s Decem-ber 2001 Guidance for Industry: Major, Minor and Telephone Amendments to Abbreviated New Drug Applications. Q. Mid-review-cycle meeting—after the last key discipline has issued its IR and/or DRL, for ANDAs that were the subject of prior Product Development Meetings or pre- submission meetings, CDER will schedule a teleconference meeting with the applicant to discuss current concerns with the applica-tion and next steps. R. Minor amendment—means a minor amendment as described in CDER’s Decem-ber 2001 Guidance for Industry: Major, Minor and Telephone Amendments to Abbreviated New Drug Applications. S. Complete and accurate Pre-Submission Facility Correspondence—lists all of the fol-lowing: 1. All facilities involved in manufacturing processes and testing for the ANDA and cor-responding Type II API DMF as required by 21 CFR 314.50(d)(1)(i) and (iii). For each man-ufacturing or testing facility, the cor-respondence includes facility name, oper-ation(s) performed, facility contact name, address, FEI number (if a required registrant or one has been assigned), DUNS number, registration information (for required reg-istrants), a confirmation that the facility is ready for inspection, a description of the manufacturing process, and a certification by the applicant that any Type II DMF has similarly complete and accurate facility in-formation as required by 21 CFR 314.50(d)(1)(i), including complete facility in-formation (i.e., facility name, operation, fa-cility contact name, address, FEI number and DUNS number). Facility information that is included in a corresponding Type II DMF is not required to be duplicated in the Pre-Submission Facility Correspondence for the ANDA. 2. All sites or organizations involved in bioequivalence and clinical studies used to support the ANDA submission as described in 21 CFR 314.94(a)(7). This information is provided using a standardized electronic for-mat and includes unique identifiers that are current and accurate, including site or orga-nization name, address and website; and study information including a listing of study names, dates of conduct and main in-vestigators. T. Pre-submission meeting—means a meet-ing in which an applicant has an opportunity to discuss and explain the format and con-tent of an ANDA to be submitted. Although the proposed content of the ANDA will be discussed, pre-submission meetings will not include substantive review of summary data or full study reports. U. Priority—means submissions affirma-tively identified as eligible for expedited re-view pursuant to CDER’s Manual of Policy and Procedures (MAPP) 5240.3, Prioritization of the Review of Original ANDAs, Amend-ments and Supplements, as revised (the CDER Prioritization MAPP). V. Product Development Meeting—means a meeting involving a scientific exchange to discuss specific issues (e.g., a proposed study design, alternative approach or additional study expectations) or questions, in which FDA will provide targeted advice regarding an ongoing ANDA development program. W. Review Status Update—means a re-sponse from the RPM to the Authorized Rep-resentative to update the Authorized Rep-resentative concerning, at a minimum, the categorical status of relevant review dis-ciplines with respect to the submission at that time. The RPM will advise the Author-ized Representative that the update is pre-liminary only, based on the RPM’s interpre-tation of the submission, and subject to change at any time. X. Safety determination letter—a letter from FDA stating that a bioequivalence study protocol contains safety protections comparable to applicable REMS for the Ref-erence Listed Drug. Y. Standard—means submissions not af-firmatively identified as eligible for expe-dited review pursuant to the CDER Prioritization MAPP. Z. Standard controlled correspondence— means controlled correspondence 1. as described in CDER’s September 2015 Guidance for Industry, Controlled Cor-respondence Related to Generic Drug Devel-opment, or 2. concerning post-approval submission re-quirements that are not covered by CDER post-approval changes guidance and are not specific to an ANDA. AA. Target Action Date (TAD)—Under GDUFA I, FDA’s aspirational deadline for action on a pre-GDUFA I Year 3 original ANDA and/or a complete response amend-ment or equivalent IR to an original ANDA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.071 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4729 August 2, 2017 
GDUFA I TADs become GDUFA II goal dates on enactment of GDUFA II. BB. Teleconference—means a verbal com-munication by telephone, and not a written response, unless otherwise agreed to by the applicant. CC. Unsolicited amendment—an amend-ment with information not requested by FDA except for those unsolicited amend-ments considered routine or administrative in nature that do not require scientific re-view (e.g., requests for final ANDA approval, patent amendments, and general correspond-ence). 
GDUFA II COMMITMENT LETTER, ATTACHMENT A 
Category Pre-cohort Year 3 ANDAs Pre-cohort Year 3 ANDAs (expedited status) 
Major Amendment (Complete Response Letter) .................................................. 10 months .......................... .................................................................................. 7 months Minor Amendment (Complete Response Letter) .................................................. 5 months ........................... ................................................................................... 3 months Easily Correctable Deficiency ............................................................................... 3 months.Information Request ............................................................................................. 3 months.
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the commit-ment letter for the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2017. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MDUFA P ERFORMANCE GOALS AND PROCE -
DURES , FISCAL YEARS 2018 T HROUGH 2022 
GENERAL  The performance goals and procedures agreed to by the Center for Devices and Ra-diological Health (CDRH) and the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) of the United States Food and Drug Adminis-tration (‘‘FDA’’ or ‘‘the Agency’’) for the medical device user fee program in the Med-ical Device User Fee Amendments of 2017, are summarized below. FDA and the industry are committed to protecting and promoting public health by providing timely access to safe and effective medical devices. Nothing in this letter pre-cludes the Agency from protecting the public health by exercising its authority to provide a reasonable assurance of the safety and ef-fectiveness of medical devices. Both FDA and the industry are committed to the spirit and intent of the goals described in this let-ter. 
I. SHARED OUTCOME GOALS  The program and initiatives outlined in this document are predicated on significant interaction between the Agency and appli-cants. FDA and representatives of the indus-try agree that the process improvements outlined in this letter, when implemented by all parties as intended, should reduce the av-erage Total Time to Decision for PMA appli-cations and 510(k) submissions, provided that the total funding of the device review pro-gram adheres to the assumptions underlying this agreement. FDA and applicants share the responsibility for achieving this objec-tive of reducing the average Total Time to Decision, while maintaining standards for safety and effectiveness. Success of this pro-gram will require the cooperation and dedi-cated efforts of FDA and applicants to re-duce their respective portions of the total time to decision. FDA will be reporting total time perform-ance quarterly as described in Section VI. FDA and industry will participate in the independent assessment of progress toward this outcome, as described in Section V below. As appropriate, key findings and rec-ommendations from this assessment will be implemented by FDA. A. PMA FDA will report on an annual basis the av-erage Total Time to Decision as defined in Section VII.H for the three most recent closed receipt cohorts. For Original PMA and Panel Track Supple-ment submissions received in Fiscal Years 2016 through 2018, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 320 calendar days. For Original PMA and Panel Track Supple-ment submissions received in Fiscal Years 2017 through 2019, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 315 calendar days. For Original PMA and Panel Track Supple-ment submissions received in Fiscal Years 2018 through 2020, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 310 calendar days. For Original PMA and Panel Track Supple-ment submissions received in Fiscal Years 2019 through 2021, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 300 calendar days. For Original PMA and Panel Track Supple-ment submissions received in Fiscal Years 2020 through 2022, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 290 calendar days. B. 510(k) FDA will report on an annual basis the av-erage Total Time to Decision as defined in Section VII.H for the most recent closed re-ceipt cohort. For 510(k) submissions received beginning in Fiscal Year 2018, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 124 calendar days. For 510(k) submissions received beginning in Fiscal Year 2019, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 120 calendar days. For 510(k) submissions received beginning in Fiscal Year 2020, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 116 calendar days. For 510(k) submissions received beginning in Fiscal Year 2021, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 112 calendar days. For 510(k) submissions received beginning in Fiscal Year 2022, the average Total Time to Decision goal for FDA and industry is 108 calendar days. 
II. REVIEW PERFORMANCE GOALS —FISCAL  
YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2022 AS APPLIED TO RE -
CEIPT COHORTS  The overall objective of the review per-formance goals stated herein is to assure more timely access to safe and effective medical devices. A. Pre-Submissions FDA will continue the Pre-Submission pro-gram as described in the Guidance on ‘‘Re-quests for Feedback on Medical Device Sub-missions: The Pre-Submission Program and Meetings with FDA Staff’’ with process im-provements and performance goals as noted in this section. For all Pre-Submissions in which the ap-plicant requests a meeting or teleconference, the applicant will provide a minimum of three proposed meeting dates in the initial submission. Within 15 calendar days of receipt of a Pre- Submission, FDA will communicate with the applicant regarding whether the application has been accepted and, if applicable, regard-ing scheduling of the meeting or teleconfer-ence. Acceptance will be determined based on the definition of pre-submission in Sec-tion VII.F below and an acceptance checklist in published guidance. This communication consists of a fax, email, or other written communication that a) identifies the re-viewer assigned to the submission, b) ac-knowledges acceptance/rejection of the sub-mission, and c) if the submission included a request for a meeting or teleconference and is accepted, either confirms one of the appli-cant’s requested meeting dates or provides two alternative dates prior to day 75 from re-ceipt of accepted submission. A determina-tion that the request does not qualify as a Pre-Submission will require the concurrence of the branch chief and the reason for this determination will be provided to the appli-cant in the above written communication. FDA intends to reach agreement with the applicant regarding a meeting date within 30 days from receipt of accepted submission. For all requests for meetings or telecon-ferences that do not have such a meeting or teleconference scheduled by 30 days from re-ceipt of an accepted submission, an FDA manager will contact the applicant to re-solve scheduling issues by the 40th day. FDA will provide written feedback that ad-dresses the issues raised in the pre-submis-sion request within 70 calendar days of re-ceipt date or five calendar days prior to a scheduled meeting, whichever comes sooner, for at least 1,530 Pre-Submissions received in FY 2018, at least 1,645 Pre-Submissions re-ceived in FY 2019, at least 1,765 Pre-Submis-sions received in FY 2020, at least 1,880 Pre- Submissions received in FY 2021, and at least 1,950 Pre-Submissions received in FY 2022. FDA will provide such timely written feed-back for additional Pre-Submissions as re-sources permit, but not to the detriment of meeting the quantitative review timelines and statutory obligations. Written feedback will be provided to the applicant by email or fax and will include: written responses to the applicant’s questions; FDA’s suggestions for additional topics for the meeting or tele-conference, if applicable; or, a combination of both. If all of the applicant’s questions are addressed through written responses to the applicant’s satisfaction, FDA and the appli-cant can agree that a meeting or teleconfer-ence is no longer necessary, and the written responses provided by email or fax will be considered the final written feedback to the Pre-Submission. Meetings and teleconferences related to Pre-Submission will normally be limited to 1 hour unless the applicant justifies in writing the need for additional time. FDA may ex-tend the time for such meetings and/or tele-conferences. Applicants will be responsible for devel-oping draft minutes for a Pre-Submission meeting or teleconference, and provide the draft minutes to FDA within 15 calendar days of the meeting. At the beginning and end of each meeting, the applicant will af-firmatively state that they will draft min-utes and provide them to FDA within 15 cal-endar days. The minutes will summarize the meeting discussions and include agreements and any action items. FDA will provide any edits to the draft minutes to the applicant via email within a timely manner. These minutes will become final 15 calendar days after the applicant receives FDA’s edits, un-less the applicant indicates that there is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.072 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4730 August 2, 2017 
disagreement with how a significant issue or action item has been documented. In this case, within a timely manner, the applicant and FDA will conduct a teleconference to discuss that issue with FDA. At the conclu-sion of that teleconference, within 15 days FDA will finalize the minutes either to re-flect the resolution of the issue or note that this issue remains a point of disagreement. FDA intends that feedback the Agency provides in a Pre-Submission will not change, provided the information submitted in a future IDE or marketing application is consistent with that provided in the Pre- Submission and documented in the Pre-Sub-mission, and that the data and other infor-mation in the future submission do not raise any important new issues materially affect-ing safety or effectiveness. The minutes de-scribed above will serve as the record of the Agency’s Pre-Submission feedback. Modi-fications to FDA’s feedback will be limited to situations in which FDA concludes that the feedback does not adequately address im-portant new issues materially relevant to a determination of safety and/or effectiveness or substantial equivalence. Such a deter-mination will be supported by the appro-priate management concurrence consistent with applicable guidance and SOPs. By October 1, 2018, the Agency will update the Guidance on ‘‘Requests for Feedback on Medical Device Submissions: The Pre-Sub-mission Program and Meetings with FDA Staff’’ to include: additional information to assist applicants in determining the need for a Pre-Submission, an enhanced Pre-Submis-sion acceptance checklist, examples of fre-quently asked Pre-Submission questions that lend themselves to productive Pre-Sub-mission interactions, and edits to reflect the revised process outlined above. FDA will pro-vide an opportunity for the public to com-ment on the updated guidance. No later than 12 months after the close of the public com-ment period, the Agency will issue a final guidance. FDA will implement this guidance once final. B. Original Premarket Approval (PMA), Panel- Track Supplements, and Premarket Report Applications The performance goals in this section apply to all Original Premarket Approval, Panel-Track Supplements, and Premarket Report Applications, including those that are accepted for priority review (previously referred to as expedited). FDA will communicate with the applicant regarding whether the application has been accepted for filing review within 15 calendar days of receipt of the application. This com-munication consists of a fax, email, or other written communication that a) identifies the reviewer assigned to the submission, and b) acknowledges acceptance/rejection of the submission based upon the review of the sub-mission against objective acceptance criteria outlined in a published guidance document and consistent with the statute and its im-plementing regulations. If the application is not accepted for filing review, FDA will notify the applicant of those items necessary for the application to be considered accepted for filing review. For those applications that are accepted for filing review, FDA will communicate the filing status within 45 calendar days of re-ceipt of the application. For those applications that are not filed, FDA will communicate to the applicant the specific reasons for rejection and the infor-mation necessary for filing. If the application is filed, FDA will com-municate with the applicant through a Sub-stantive Interaction within 90 calendar days of the filing date of the application for 95% of submissions. When FDA issues a major deficiency letter, that letter will be based upon a complete re-view of the application and will include all deficiencies. All deficiency letters will in-clude a statement of the basis for the defi-ciencies (e.g., a specific reference to applica-ble section of a rule, final guidance, recog-nized standard unless the entire or most of document is applicable). In the instance when the deficiency cannot be traced in the manner above and relates to a scientific or regulatory issue pertinent to the determina-tion, FDA will cite the specific scientific issue and the information to support its posi-tion. All deficiency letters will undergo su-pervisory review prior to issuance to ensure the deficiencies cited are relevant to a deter-mination of safety and effectiveness. Any subsequent deficiencies will be limited to issues raised by the information provided by the applicant in its response, unless FDA concludes that the initial deficiencies identi-fied do not adequately address important new issues materially relevant to a deter-mination of safety or effectiveness. Such a determination will be supported by the ap-propriate management concurrence con-sistent with applicable guidance and SOPs. Issues related to post-approval studies, if ap-plicable, and revisions to draft labeling will typically be addressed through interactive review once major deficiencies have been adequately addressed. For submissions that do not require Advi-sory Committee input, FDA will issue a MDUFA decision within 180 FDA Days for 90% of submissions. For submissions that require Advisory Committee input, FDA will issue a MDUFA decision within 320 FDA Days from receipt of the accepted submission for 90% of submis-sions. FDA will issue a MDUFA decision within 60 days of the Advisory Committee recommendation, as resources permit, but not to the detriment of meeting the quan-titative review timelines and statutory obli-gations. The Office Director shall review each request for Advisory Committee input for appropriateness and need for this input. If in any one fiscal year, the number of submissions that require Advisory Com-mittee input is less than 10, then it is accept-able to combine such submissions with the submissions for the following year(s) in order to form a cohort of 10 or more submissions, upon which the combined years’ submissions will be subject to the performance goal. If the number of submissions that require Ad-visory Committee input is less than 10 for FY 2022, it is acceptable to combine such submissions in the prior year to form a co-hort of 10 or more submissions: in such cases, FDA will be held to the FY2022 performance goal for the combined years’ submissions. To facilitate an efficient review prior to the Substantive Interaction, and to incentivize submission of a complete applica-tion, submission of an unsolicited major amendment prior to the Substantive Inter-action extends the FDA Day review clock by the number of FDA Days that have elapsed. Submission of an unsolicited major amend-ment after the Substantive Interaction ex-tends the FDA Day goal by the number of FDA Days equal to 75% of the difference be-tween the filing date and the date of receipt of the amendment. Requests from FDA that a submission be made will not be considered unsolicited. For all PMA submissions that do not reach a MDUFA decision by 20 days after the appli-cable FDA Day goal, FDA will provide writ-ten feedback to the applicant to be discussed in a meeting or teleconference, including all outstanding issues with the application pre-venting FDA from reaching a decision. The information provided will reflect appropriate management input and approval, and will in-clude action items for FDA and/or the appli-cant, as appropriate, with an estimated date of completion for each party to complete their respective tasks. Issues should be re-solved through interactive review. If all of the outstanding issues are adequately pre-sented through written correspondence, FDA and the applicant can agree that a meeting or teleconference is not necessary. For PMA submissions that receive a MDUFA decision of Approvable, FDA will issue a decision within 60 days of the spon-sor’s response to the Approvable letter, as resources permit, but not to the detriment of meeting the quantitative review timelines and statutory obligations. In addition, information about submissions that miss the FDA Day goal will be provided as part of FDA’s Performance Reports, as de-scribed in Section VI. C. 180-Day PMA Supplements FDA will communicate with the applicant through a Substantive Interaction within 90 calendar days of receipt of 95% of submis-sions. FDA will issue a MDUFA decision within 180 FDA Days for 95% of submissions. D. Real-Time PMA Supplements FDA will issue a MDUFA decision within 90 FDA Days for 95% of submissions. E. De Novo Submissions FDA will issue draft and final guidance that includes a submission checklist to fa-cilitate a more efficient and timely review process. Deficiencies identified will be based upon a complete review of the submission and will include all deficiencies. All deficiency letters will include a statement of the basis for the deficiencies (e.g., a specific reference to ap-plicable section of a rule, final guidance, rec-ognized standard unless the entire or most of document is applicable). In the instance when the deficiency cannot be traced in the manner above and relates to a scientific or regulatory issue pertinent to the determina-tion, FDA will cite the specific scientific issue and the information to support its posi-tion. All deficiency letters will undergo su-pervisory review prior to issuance to ensure the deficiencies cited are relevant to a clas-sification determination. Any subsequent de-ficiencies will be limited to issues raised by the information provided by the applicant in its response, unless FDA concludes that the initial deficiencies identified do not ade-quately address important new issues mate-rially relevant to a classification determina-tion. Such a determination will be supported by the appropriate management concurrence consistent with applicable guidance and SOPs. Issues related to revisions to draft la-beling will typically be addressed through interactive review once major deficiencies have been adequately addressed. FDA will issue a MDUFA decision within 150 FDA days of receipt of the submission for: 50% of de novo requests received in FY 2018; 55% of de novo requests received in FY 2019; 60% of de novo requests received in FY 2020; 65% of de novo requests received in FY 2021 and 70% of de novo requests received in FY 2022. At Industry’s request and as re-sources permit, but not to the detriment of meeting the quantitative review timelines, if a final decision has not been rendered within 180 FDA days, FDA will discuss with the ap-plicant all outstanding issues with the sub-mission preventing FDA from reaching a de-cision. This discussion will reflect appro-priate management input and approval, and will include action items for FDA and/or the applicant, as appropriate, with an estimated date of completion for each party to com-plete their respective tasks. F. 510(k) Submissions FDA will communicate with the applicant regarding whether the submission has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.045 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4731 August 2, 2017 
accepted for review within 15 calendar days of receipt of the submission. For those sub-missions that are not accepted for review, FDA will notify the applicant of those items necessary for the submission to be consid-ered accepted. This communication includes a fax, email, or other written communication that a) identifies the reviewer assigned to the sub-mission, and b) acknowledges acceptance/re-jection of the submission based upon the re-view of the submission against objective ac-ceptance criteria outlined in a published guidance document. This communication represents a preliminary review of the sub-mission and is not indicative of deficiencies that may be identified later in the review cycle. FDA will communicate with the applicant through a Substantive Interaction within 60 calendar days of receipt of the submission for 95% of submissions. Deficiencies identified in a Substantive Interaction, such as a telephone/email hold or Additional Information Letter, will be based upon a complete review of the submis-sion and will include all deficiencies. All de-ficiency letters will include a statement of the basis for the deficiencies (e.g., a specific reference to applicable section of a rule, final guidance, recognized standard unless the entire or most of document is applica-ble). In the instance when the deficiency can-not be traced in the manner above and re-lates to a scientific or regulatory issue perti-nent to the determination, FDA will cite the specific scientific issue and the information to support its position. All deficiency letters will undergo supervisory review prior to issuance to ensure the deficiencies cited are relevant to a determination of substantial equivalence. Any subsequent deficiencies will be limited to issues raised by the infor-mation provided by the applicant in its re-sponse, unless FDA concludes that the ini-tial deficiencies identified do not adequately address important new issues materially rel-evant to a determination of substantial equivalence. Such a determination will be supported by the appropriate management concurrence consistent with applicable guid-ance and SOPs. FDA will issue a MDUFA decision for 95% of 510(k) submissions within 90 FDA Days. For all 510(k) submissions that do not reach a MDUFA decision within 100 FDA Days, FDA will provide written feedback to the ap-plicant to be discussed in a meeting or tele-conference, including all outstanding issues with the application preventing FDA from reaching a decision. The information pro-vided will reflect appropriate management input and approval, and will include action items for FDA and/or the applicant, as ap-propriate, with an estimated date of comple-tion for each party to complete their respec-tive tasks. Issues should be resolved through interactive review. If all of the outstanding issues are adequately presented through written correspondence, FDA and the appli-cant can agree that a meeting or teleconfer-ence is not necessary. In addition, information about submissions that miss the FDA Day goal will be provided as part of FDA’s Performance Reports, as de-scribed in Section VI. G. CLIA Waiver by Application FDA will engage in a Substantive Inter-action with the applicant within 90 days for 90% of the applications. Industry will inform FDA that it plans to submit a dual submission (510(k) and CLIA Waiver application) during the Pre-Submis-sion process. FDA will issue a decision for 90% of dual submission applications within 180 FDA days. For ‘‘CLIA Waiver by application’’ submis-sions FDA will issue a MDUFA decision for 90% of the applications that do not require Advisory Committee input within 150 FDA days. For ‘‘CLIA Waiver by application’’ submis-sions FDA will issue a MDUFA decision for 90% of the applications that require Advi-sory Committee input within 320 FDA days. If in any one fiscal year, the number of submissions in any CLIA Waiver by Applica-tion category is less than 10, then it is ac-ceptable to combine such submissions with the submissions for the following year(s) in order to form a cohort of 10 or more submis-sions, upon which the combined years’ sub-missions will be subject to the performance goal. For all CLIA waiver by application submis-sions and dual submissions that do not reach a decision by 20 days after the applicable FDA Day goal, FDA will provide written feedback to the applicant to be discussed in a meeting or teleconference, including all outstanding issues with the application pre-venting FDA from reaching a decision. The information provided will reflect appropriate management input and approval, and will in-clude action items for FDA and/or the appli-cant, as appropriate, with an estimated date of completion for each party to complete their respective tasks. Issues should be re-solved through interactive review. If all of the outstanding issues are adequately pre-sented through written correspondence, FDA and the applicant can agree that a meeting or teleconference is not necessary. In addition, information about submissions that miss the FDA Day goal will be provided as part of FDA’s Performance Reports, as de-scribed in Section VI. In addition, FDA will: 1. Hold CLIA Waiver Vendor Days, with the first to occur before the end of FY2018. 2. Permit discussion of both 510(k) and CLIA waiver process in Pre-Submissions. 3. Specifically permit discussion of appro-priate reference/comparator for both 510(k) and CLIA waiver submissions in Pre-Submis-sions. 4. Provide a status report on completion and issuance of revisions to Section V of the Guidance on ‘‘Recommendations for CLIA Waiver Applications’’ to include appropriate use of comparable performance between a waived user and moderately complex labora-tory user to demonstrate accuracy. H. Original Biologics Licensing Applications (BLAs) FDA will review and act on standard origi-nal BLA submissions within 10 months of re-ceipt for 90% of submissions. FDA will review and act on priority origi-nal BLA submissions within 6 months of re-ceipt for 90% of submissions. I. BLA Efficacy Supplements FDA will review and act on standard BLA efficacy supplement submissions within 10 months of receipt for 90% of submissions. FDA will review and act on priority BLA efficacy supplement submissions within 6 months of receipt for 90% of submissions. J. Original BLA and BLA Efficacy Supplement Resubmissions FDA will review and act on Class 1 original BLA and BLA efficacy supplement resubmis-sions within 2 months of receipt for 90% of submissions. FDA will review and act on Class 2 original BLA and BLA efficacy supplement resubmis-sions within 6 months of receipt for 90% of submissions. K. BLA Manufacturing Supplements Requiring Prior Approval FDA will review and act on BLA manufac-turing supplements requiring prior approval within 4 months of receipt for 90% of submis-sions. III. INFRASTRUCTURE  A. Quality Management The Agency will establish a dedicated Quality Management (QM) Unit that reports directly to the CDRH Director or Deputy Di-rector and establish a quality management framework for the premarket submission process in CDRH. The Framework will in-clude infrastructure, senior management re-sponsibility, resource management, lifecycle management, and quality management sys-tem evaluation. At least once per year, the Agency will dis-cuss with industry the specific areas it in-tends to incorporate in its ongoing audit plan. FDA will identify, with industry input, areas to audit, which will include the effec-tiveness of CDRH’s Corrective and Preven-tive Action (CAPA) process. FDA will expand the scope of its annual audits as it imple-ments and builds up its auditing capability. As part of these ongoing audits, high-per-forming premarket review processes utilized in one division will be identified and shared accordingly with other divisions to improve efficiencies and effectiveness. At a min-imum, FDA audits in the following areas will be completed by the end of FY 2020: Defi-ciency Letters and Pre-Submissions. Addi-tional audits in the following areas will be completed by the end of FY 2022: Submission Issue Meetings, Interactive Review, With-drawals and Special 510(k) conversions. The effectiveness of the QM framework will be evaluated in Phase 2 of the Inde-pendent Assessment (see Section V). B. Scientific and Regulatory Review Capacity The Agency will apply user fee revenues to reduce the ratio of review staff to front line supervisors in the premarket review program to improve consistency. The Agency will also apply user fee revenues to enhance and sup-plement scientific review capacity by hiring device application reviewers as well as leveraging external experts needed to assist with the review of device applications. To ensure such additional positions are filled by qualified experts, the Agency will apply user fee revenues to recruitment and hiring. The Agency will apply user fee reve-nues to retain high-performing supervisors in the premarket review program. CDRH intends to enter into an Inter-Agen-cy Agreement (IAA) with the Office of Per-sonnel Management (OPM) to provide sup-plemental recruitment and staffing support throughout MDUFA IV to augment existing FDA Human Resources services. C. IT Infrastructure for Submission Manage-ment FDA will enhance IT infrastructure that will allow FDA to perform quality manage-ment audits and review consistency. FDA will implement a new information management system that provides an indus-try dashboard that displays near real-time submission status. FDA will develop electronic submission templates that will serve as guided submis-sion preparation tools for industry to im-prove submission consistency and enhance efficiency in the review process. By FY 2020, the Agency will issue a draft guidance docu-ment on the use of the electronic submission templates. FDA will provide an opportunity for public comment on the guidance. No later than 12 months after the close of the public comment period, the Agency will issue a final guidance. FDA will implement the guidance once final. In addition, the Agency will update the Guidance ‘‘eCopy Program for Medical Device Submissions’’ to reflect the respective changes to the tech-nical standards and specifications. FDA will link pre-submissions with subse-quent premarket submissions when identi-fied by the applicant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.046 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4732 August 2, 2017 
D. Training FDA will continue to improve training for new and existing reviewers under this agree-ment. FDA will achieve Kirkpatrick Level 3 for curriculum-based premarket training through assessment of work performance be-havior change and evaluate the effectiveness of the impact of curriculum-based premarket training activities on relevant premarket program metrics and goals (Kirkpatrick Level 4) by the end of FY 2020. FDA training efforts will also be closely coordinated with the Quality Management Unit described in item III.A above to provide more targeted and personalized training to staff. E. Time Reporting FDA will implement complete time report-ing by the end of MDUFA IV such that data from time reporting can be used to conduct workload analysis and capacity planning. F. Fee Setting, Fee Collections, and Workload FDA will seek authority to eliminate the fifth-year offset provision and to maintain and use any and all fee collections, including collections over the statutory total revenue targets. If the collections are in excess of the re-sources needed to meet performance goals given the workload, or in excess of inflation- adjusted statutory revenue targets, FDA and industry will work together to assess how best to utilize those resources to improve performance on submission types with per-formance goals and/or quality management programs, using, as input for the discussion: workload information, performance objec-tives and ongoing reported performance. 
IV. PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS  A. Interactive Review The Agency will continue to incorporate an interactive review process to provide for, and encourage, informal communication be-tween FDA and applicants to facilitate time-ly completion of the review process based on accurate and complete information. Inter-active review entails responsibilities for both FDA and applicants. As described in the guidance document, ‘‘Interactive Review for Medical Device Submissions: 510(k)s, Origi-nal PMAs, PMA Supplements, Original BLAs, and BLA Supplements,’’ both FDA and industry believe that an interactive re-view process for these types of premarket medical device submissions should help fa-cilitate timely completion of the review based on accurate and complete information. Interactive review is intended to facilitate the efficient and timely review and evalua-tion by FDA of premarket submissions and is expected to support reductions in total time to decision. The interactive review process contemplates increased informal interaction between FDA and applicants, including the exchange of scientific and regulatory infor-mation. B. Deficiency Letters By October 1, 2017, the Agency will publish a level 2 update to the final guidance ‘‘Sug-gested Format for Developing and Respond-ing to Deficiencies in Accordance with the Least Burdensome Provisions of FDAMA; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff’’ to reflect the following: All deficiency letters will include a state-ment of the basis for the deficiencies (e.g., a specific reference to applicable section of a rule, final guidance, recognized standard un-less the entire or most of document is appli-cable). In the instance when the deficiency cannot be traced in the manner above and re-lates to a scientific or regulatory issue perti-nent to the determination, FDA will cite the specific scientific issue and the information to support its position. All deficiency letters will undergo supervisory review prior to issuance to ensure the deficiencies cited are relevant to a marketing authorization deci-sion (e.g., 510(k) clearance, PMA approval, and de novo classification). Any additional best practices identified by quality audits and/or the Independent Assessment will be incorporated in updates to the guidance, as appropriate. FDA will train staff and managers on this process improvement and the updated guid-ance. C. Device Accessories FDA and Industry will explore additional mechanisms for a streamlined, resource minimal pathway to reclassify accessories previously classified as class III devices as a part of a PMA review if they meet the re-quirements of a low or moderate risk device. D. Enhanced Use of Consensus Standards FDA will establish an Accreditation Scheme for Conformity Assessment (ASCA) Program using FDA-recognized consensus standards. FDA will define the ‘scheme’ and oversee the Conformity Assessment (CA) model and ensure that there is appropriate interaction with parties that serve as Ac-crediting Bodies (ABs) to accredit test lab-oratories (TLs). When a device type using the ‘scheme’ is evaluated according to a spe-cific recognized standard by an accredited TL, FDA intends to rely on the results from the accredited TL for the purpose of pre-market review (i.e., generally accept a deter-mination that a device conforms with the standard) without the need to address fur-ther questions related to standards conform-ance. Assuming that it meets established cri-teria as outlined in the ASCA program, a de-vice company’s internal TL will be eligible to participate in the ASCA program. FDA will not review reports from accredited TLs except as part of a periodic quality audit or if FDA becomes aware of new information materially relevant to safety and/or effec-tiveness. Specific actions that FDA will undertake include the following: 1. Conduct a Public Workshop by the end of FY 2018 to discuss objectives for the estab-lishment of ABs and TLs. Discussion would include areas (specific FDA-recognized con-sensus standards) where the ASCA Program can be piloted to maximize initial impact of existing CA activities and potential new areas. 2. Hold educational sessions with stake-holders by the end of FY 2018 about the pur-pose of the ASCA Program 3. Develop and initiate the pilot of the ASCA program with stakeholder input by the end of FY 2020. a. FDA intends to pilot inclusion of recog-nized standards of public health significance where specific pass/fail criteria are part of the standard 4. Develop an internal IT system to track CA activities of the ASCA Program 5. Establish a process for accreditation of ABs and TLs. FDA will issue draft guidance by the end of FY 2019 and issue final guid-ance within 12 months post initiation of the pilot. a. In limited circumstances, the FDA may directly accredit third-party TLs. For exam-ple, FDA could directly accredit third party TLs, if FDA has not identified and recog-nized an AB within 2 years after establishing the tenets of the ASCA program. 6. Establish a process for reaccreditation and the suspension or withdrawal of accredi-tation of poor performing ABs and TLs. FDA will issue draft guidance by the end of FY 2019 and final guidance within 12 months post initiation of the pilot. 7. Establish a publicly-accessible website listing TLs accredited by ASCA and the FDA-recognized consensus standard(s) for which they are accredited 8. FDA, in consultation with stakeholders, will identify appropriate recognized con-sensus standards for consideration as part of the pilot as the specific focus for ASCA. a. By the end of FY 2022: FDA will have pi-loted, and provided a report on the viability of, an ASCA program which utilizes the sche-ma identified in guidance to include utiliza-tion of 5 appropriate cross-cutting/horizontal and/or device-specific areas, at least one of which will be device-specific. b. Standards included as part of the ASCA Program will need to have well established endpoints/acceptance criteria built into the standard to allow effective tracking of TL competence. FDA will provide an annual report on the progress of the ASCA program. FDA will work with stakeholders for fur-ther input on programmatic improvements and/or consideration for expansion. E. Third Party Review The Agency will take the following actions to improve the Third Party Review program with a goal of eliminating routine re-review by FDA of Third Party reviews: 1. Strengthen the process for accreditation of Third Parties. a. Provide training for Third Parties seek-ing accreditation by FDA. This training shall include the opportunity for Third Par-ties to have access to redacted review memos and other information as appropriate. b. When FDA’s expectations for a par-ticular device type change, FDA will have in place a process to convey this information to the Third Parties and to industry. 2. By the end of FY 2018, establish a plan for eliminating routine re-review by FDA of Third Party reviews and implement plan within 12 months. 3. Implement a program to audit reviews conducted by accredited Third Parties. a. Provide tailored re-training to accred-ited Third Parties based on the results of au-dits. 4. By the end of FY 2018, issue draft guid-ance outlining criteria for reaccreditation of 3rd Parties and the suspension or withdrawal of accreditation of a Third Party. FDA will issue final guidance within 12 months of the conclusion of the public comment period. 5. Publish performance of individual ac-credited Third Parties with at least five completed submissions on the web (e.g., rate of NSE, average number of holds, average time to SE). 6. Require the independent assessment of the Third Party Review Program to evaluate efficiency including the circumstances when FDA re-reviews were conducted; and to sug-gest process improvements. The Agency will seek greater authority to tailor the program. Specifically, FDA in-tends to expand the scope of the program to some product codes that require clinical data and to remove product codes from eligi-bility when appropriate, such as if/when safe-ty signals arise. As resources permit, FDA will identify pilot device areas to be the specific focus of an effort where FDA would work with will-ing industry partners to ensure that infor-mation allowing for high quality Third Party reviews could be made available to provide a proof of concept in certain device areas and enable the development of a broad-er successful program. F. Patient Engagement & the Science of Patient Input The Agency will take the following actions to advance patient input and involvement in the regulatory process. Where appropriate, the Agency will leverage public private part-nerships (PPPs) to advance these actions. 1. Develop clinical, statistical, and other scientific expertise and staff capacity to re-spond to submissions containing applicant- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.047 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4733 August 2, 2017 
proposed use of publicly available and vali-dated, voluntary patient preference informa-tion (PPI) or voluntary patient reported out-comes (PROs). These staff will provide sub-mission review and early consultation/advice to industry during study planning. 2. By the end of FY 2020, hold one or more public meetings to discuss the topics below and publish the findings and next steps. a. Discuss approaches for incorporating PPI and PRO as evidence in device submis-sions, as well as other ways of advancing pa-tient engagement; b. Discuss ways to use patient input to in-form clinical study design and conduct, with a goal of reducing barriers to patient partici-pation and facilitating recruitment and re-tention; c. Public meetings should include specific examples and case histories for PPIs and PROs to ensure clarity and understanding by workshop attendees; and d. Identify priority areas where decisions are preference-sensitive and PPI data can in-form regulatory decision-making, in order to advance design and conduct of patient pref-erence studies in high impact areas. Publish the priority areas in the Federal Register for public comment following the public meet-ing. 3. FDA will undertake several activities to improve the regulatory predictability and impact of PROs, including: a. Clarify to device review divisions that use of PROs is voluntary and may be one po-tential way of demonstrating safety or effec-tiveness (or elements of either or both, such as in a composite endpoint). Consistent with least burdensome principles, applicants may use alternative approaches. b. Modify the guidance to outline a flexible framework for PRO validation evidentiary thresholds. These thresholds may vary de-pending on the particular regulatory use of the PRO. c. Work on developing a model for ‘‘bridg-ing studies’’ to make efficient use of existing validated PROs which may be improved, or adapted to other subpopulations or other regulatory uses in a more streamlined and expeditious manner than creating novel PROs. 4. The existing dispute resolution process should be used in the event of disagreement between the applicant and the Agency on the need for PPI or PRO. G. Emerging Diagnostics FDA will work with industry to continue the pilot for emerging diagnostics started under MDUFA III. H. Real World Evidence (RWE) 1. The Agency will use user fee revenue to support the National Evaluation System for health Technology (NEST) by providing funding for the NEST Coordinating Center and hiring FDA staff with expertise in the use of RWE. The NEST governing board will include no fewer than 4 representatives of the trade associations that participated in the MDUFA IV negotiations (AdvaMed, MDMA, MITA, and ACLA), with each asso-ciation appointing an individual to serve. In-dustry representation on the NEST gov-erning board will make up at least 25% of the governing board membership. The represent-ative from each trade association may be part of the staff of the association or ap-pointed from a member company. If any of the trade associations elects not to partici-pate on the NEST governing board or for any additional seats allocated to Industry, the participating trade associations will deter-mine how to fill any vacant Industry posi-tions. The governing board also will include, but not be limited to, representation from patient organizations. By the end of FY2019, NEST will implement pilots for at least two product codes (and related product codes), one of which will cover devices approved through the PMA process and the other of which will cover devices cleared through the 510(k) process. The NEST Coordinating Cen-ter will seek ways in which to make NEST financially self-sustaining so as not to rely on MDUFA user fees in the long term unless FDA and Industry determine continued user fee support is warranted and provides a suffi-cient return on investment. 2. FDA will contract with an organization to serve as the NEST Coordinating Center to facilitate use of real world evidence to sup-port premarket activities. The contract will specify actions the Coordinating Center will take to advance the use of RWE, including: a. Establish a framework to fund pilot projects to determine the usability of RWE for: i. Expanded indications for use ii. New clearances/approvals iii. Improved malfunction reporting b. No later than October 1, 2020, the Coordi-nating Center will hold a public meeting to review and evaluate the progress and out-comes (as of the date of the public meeting) of the pilots described in (H)(1) above. c. The pilots will take place over a period of three years, including data analysis and the Coordinating Center will issue a publicly available report of the results. d. The pilots will include devices not cur-rently subject to a registry. e. At the conclusion of the pilots, an inde-pendent third-party will conduct an assess-ment to evaluate the strengths, limitations, and appropriate use of RWE for informing premarket decision-making for multiple de-vice types. f. If warranted based on the results of the pilot(s) described in (H)(1) above, FDA will revise its guidance on the use of RWE to re-flect what has been learned from the pilots as to how RWE can be used to support: i. Expanded indications for use; and ii. New clearances/approvals. If supported by the pilot(s) described in (H)(1) above, the guidance will include dis-cussion of how devices not currently subject to a registry can benefit from RWE. 3. The Agency will establish criteria for streamlining MDR requirements. a. For most, if not all, device procodes, FDA will permit manufacturers of such de-vices in those procodes to report malfunc-tions on a quarterly basis and in a summary MDR format. FDA will publish the list of eli-gible device procodes within 12 months of re-ceiving a proposed list from Industry. The list will include, among other device procodes, Class II implantable and Class III devices, as appropriate, and will reflect FDA’s consideration of Industry’s proposed list. b. FDA may determine that devices under a new procode in existence for less than 2 years are not eligible for reporting of mal-functions on a quarterly basis and in a sum-mary format. c. If a new type of malfunction occurs that the manufacturer has not previously re-ported to FDA, the manufacturer must sub-mit an individual report. The manufacturer will notify FDA when the issue has been re-solved, using current requirements per 21 C.F.R. 803, 806. d. FDA will maintain on its website the list of eligible device procodes for which manufacturers are permitted to report mal-functions on a quarterly basis and in a sum-mary MDR format. e. FDA will establish a mechanism at the time it publishes the list of eligible devices under 3(a) that permits stakeholders to re-quest device procodes be added to the list. f. Nothing in this section precludes the Agency from requiring individual malfunc-tion reports from a specific manufacturer and/or for a specific device if necessary to protect public health. In these situations, FDA will notify the manufacturer they are not eligible for quarterly summary MDR re-porting and provide an explanation for that decision and the steps necessary to return to eligibility for quarterly summary MDR re-porting. 4. FDA will not require postmarket sur-veillance studies (i.e., 522 Studies) for de-vices for which registries and/or other real world data (RWD) sources exist if FDA has access to the information/data in the RWD source and has determined that the informa-tion/data in the RWD source is sufficient to take the place of a postmarket surveillance study. I. Digital Health The Agency will build expertise and streamline and align FDA review processes with software lifecycles for Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) and software inside of medical devices (SiMD). Specifically, the Agency will: 1. Establish a central digital health unit within CDRH’s Office of the Center Director to ensure proper coordination and consist-ency across the Agency. The Agency will not reorganize staff such that existing review staff would be reassigned to the central dig-ital health unit, while retaining and not dis-rupting the existing digital health talent within the reviewing divisions who have es-tablished, long-term therapeutic and device expertise. The digital health unit will per-form, at a minimum, the following tasks: a. Develop software and digital health technical expertise (‘‘Technical Experts’’) to provide assistance for premarket submis-sions that include SaMD, SiMD, interoper-able devices, or otherwise incorporate novel digital health technologies. b. Utilize Technical Experts as appropriate or when requested by the manufacturer for submissions that include SaMD, SiMD, inter-operable devices, or otherwise incorporate novel digital health technologies; and c. Incorporate appropriate metrics for dig-ital health improvements to monitor, track, analyze and report the results of digital health premarket review timelines. 2. Publish final guidance addressing when to submit a 510(k) for a software modifica-tion to an existing device within 18 months of the close of the comment period. 3. Explore opportunities to establish pre-market approval/clearance pathways tai-lored to SaMD, SiMD, and novel digital health technologies that take into account real world evidence while incorporating prin-ciples established through international har-monization. To accomplish this task, the Agency will: a. Engage with stakeholders, including in-dustry, through roundtables, informal meet-ings, and teleconferences; b. Hold a public workshop; and c. Revise existing and/or publish new rel-evant guidance documents, including pub-lishing a draft revised version of the ‘‘Guid-ance for the Content of Premarket Submis-sions for Software Contained in Medical De-vices’’ (issued in 2005) by the end of FY2019, and within 12 months of the close of the com-ment period, publish the final revised version. The Agency will incorporate appli-cable concepts from its Guidance for ‘‘Off- The-Shelf Software Used in Medical De-vices.’’ 4. Participate in international harmoni-zation efforts related to digital health, in-cluding work on developing SaMD and other digital health convergence efforts through the International Medical Device Regulators Forum (IMDRF). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.048 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4734 August 2, 2017 
J. Guidance Document Development FDA will apply user fee revenues to ensure timely completion of Draft Guidance docu-ments. The Agency will strive to finalize, withdraw, reopen the comment period, or issue a new draft guidance for 80% of draft guidance documents within 3 years of the close of the comment periods as resources permit. The Agency will strive to finalize, withdraw, reopen the comment period, or issue a new draft guidance for 100% of draft guidance documents within 5 years of the close of the comment periods as resources permit. The Agency will continue to develop guidance documents and improve the devel-opment process as resources permit, but not to the detriment of meeting quantitative re-view timelines and statutory obligations. K. Total Product Life Cycle (TPLC) The establishment of CDRH’s Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (now the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)) has led to improved consistency and predict-ability due to the enhanced integration of premarket, postmarket, and compliance-re-lated activities and staff and improved infor-mation sharing among staff. In addition, the successful development and evaluation of medical devices depends on the integration of clinical with scientific and engineering disciplines. CDRH will explore transitioning to a similar TPLC model building in the other device areas based on the lessons learned from its experience with OIR and taking into account the Center’s mission, vi-sion, strategic priorities, and development of a patient-centric benefit-risk framework for regulatory and non-regulatory decision mak-ing across the TPLC. Because an essential element for the success of the Center’s ben-efit-risk decision making framework and ap-proach to device regulation (particularly emerging and innovative technologies) is the incorporation of the clinical context and the impact of a decision on patient health and quality of life, CDRH will take steps to in-crease and enhance the integration of its cli-nicians into its TPLC activities, amongst themselves, and with the Center’s scientists and engineers. Building on the success of considering and incorporating additional ex-pertise and viewpoints into our decision- making, such as through the use of the Net-work of Experts and the leveraging of pa-tient perspectives, CDRH will also explore ways in which to better learn from and lever-age the expertise of clinicians in other parts of the agency and outside of the agency to inform its decision making, enhance consist-ency, and assure a more holistic clinical per-spective. Clinicians involved in device-re-lated activities will have appropriate train-ing on and make recommendations con-sistent with applicable device statutory pro-visions, regulations, guidances, and this Commitment Letter. In addition, CDRH will provide managerial oversight of clinician recommendations and device submission de-cisions, except for those devices subject to CBER oversight. 
V. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF REVIEW  
PROCESS MANAGEMENT  FDA and the industry will participate in a comprehensive assessment of the process for the review of device applications. The assess-ment will include consultation with both FDA and industry. The assessment shall be conducted in two phases under contract to FDA by a private, independent consulting firm capable of performing the technical analysis, management assessment, and pro-gram evaluation tasks required to address the assessment scope described below within the budget provided under this user fee agreement. PHASE 1  During the first phase, the contractor will complete an evaluation of FDA’s implemen-tation of the corrective action plan devel-oped in response to recommendations from the MDUFA III independent assessment. For Phase 1, FDA will award the contract by the end of CY2017. The contractor will evaluate the implementation of MDUFA III recommendations and publish a written as-sessment within 1 year of contract award. 
PHASE 2  During the second phase, the contractor will: 1. Evaluate FDA’s premarket review pro-gram to identify efficiencies that should be realized as a result of the process improve-ments and investments under MDUFA III and IV; 2. Evaluate premarket review program in-frastructure and allocation of FTEs; 3. Assess the alignment of resource needs with the training and expertise of hires; 4. Identify and share best practices across branches in ODE and OIR; 5. Assess the effectiveness of programs tar-geted for improvement under this agree-ment, including the: a. Quality Management program, b. Proportion of deficiencies in which FDA references the basis for the deficiency deter-mination, c. Pre-Submission program (assess whether (a) CDRH is providing guidance specific to the questions being asked; (b) CDRH is using Pre-Submissions appropriately; and (c) CDRH and Industry are adhering to the pro-cedural aspects as set forth in this agree-ment), d. Third Party Review program (assess effi-ciency of program and suggest process im-provements), e. Digital Health program, f. Patient Engagement program, and g. Real World Evidence program; 6. Analyze conversions of Special 510(k)s to Traditional 510(k)s; and 7. Assess other key areas identified by FDA and industry as resources permit. For Phase 2 of the independent assessment, FDA will award the contract no later than 3/ 31/2020. However, the contractor would not begin the audit of deficiency letters and Pre- Submissions before 10/1/2020. The contractor will publish comprehensive findings and rec-ommendations within 1 year. For all rec-ommendations the contractor will provide an estimate of additional resources needed or efficiencies gained, as applicable. FDA will incorporate findings and rec-ommendations, as appropriate, into its man-agement of the premarket review program. FDA will analyze the recommendations for improvement opportunities identified in the assessment and, as appropriate, develop and implement a corrective action plan, and as-sure its effectiveness. 
VI. PERFORMANCE REPORTS  The Agency will report its progress toward meeting the goals described in this letter, as follows. If, throughout the course of MDUFA IV, the Agency and Industry agree that a dif-ferent format or different metrics would be more useful, the reporting will be modified accordingly as per the agreement of both FDA and Industry. 1. Quarterly reporting at the CDRH Divi-sion level/CBER Center level (in recognition of the significantly smaller number of sub-missions reviewed at CBER): 1.1. For 510(k) submissions that do not go through a 3rd party, reporting will include: i. Average and quintiles of the number of calendar days to Substantive Interaction ii. Average, and quintiles of the number of FDA Days, Industry Days, and Total Days to a MDUFA decision iii. Average number of review cycles. iv. Rate of submissions not accepted for re-view 1.2. For PMA submissions, reporting will include: i. Average and quintiles of the number of calendar days to Substantive Interaction for Original PMA, Panel-Track PMA Supple-ment, and Premarket Report Submissions ii. Average and quintiles of the FDA Days, Industry Days, and Total Days to a MDUFA decision iii. Rate of applications not accepted for filing review, and rate of applications not filed 1.3. For de novo requests, reporting will in-clude: i. Average, and quintiles of the number of FDA Days, Industry Days, and Total Days to a MDUFA decision ii. Average number of review cycles. iii. Rate of submissions not accepted for review, upon final guidance 1.4. For Pre-Submissions, reporting will in-clude: i. Number of all qualified Pre-Submissions received ii. Rate of submissions not accepted for re-view, upon final guidance iii. Average and quintiles of the number of calendar days from submission to written feedback iv. Number of Pre-Submissions that re-quire a meeting v. Percent of submissions with meetings for which industry provided minutes within 15 days 1.5. For IDE applications, reporting will in-clude: i. Number of original IDEs received ii. Average number of amendments prior to approval or conditional approval of the IDE 2. CDRH will report quarterly, and CBER will report annually, the following data at the Center level: 2.1. Rate of NSE decisions for 510(k) sub-missions 2.2. Rate of withdrawals for 510(k), de novo, and PMA submissions 2.3. Rate of Not Approvable decisions for PMA submissions 2.4. Rate of Denial decisions for de novo re-quests 2.5. Key product areas or other issues that FDA identifies as noteworthy because of a potential effect on performance, including significant rates of Additional Information requests 2.6. Specific topic or product area as it re-lates to performance goals, agreed upon at the previous meeting 2.7. Number of submissions that missed the goals and the total number of elapsed cal-endar days broken down into FDA days and industry days 2.8. Newly released draft and final guidance documents, and status of other priority guid-ance documents 2.9. Agency level summary of fee collec-tions 2.10. Independent assessment implementa-tion plan status 2.11. Results of independent assessment and subsequent periodic audits and progress toward implementation of the recommenda-tions and any corrective action 2.12. Number of discretionary fee waivers or reductions granted by type of submission 3. In addition, the Agency will provide the following information on an annual basis: 3.1. Qualitative and quantitative update on how funding is being used for the device re-view process, including the percentage of re-view time devoted to direct review of appli-cations 3.2. How funding is being used to enhance scientific review capacity 3.3. The number of Premarket Report Sub-missions received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.049 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4735 August 2, 2017 
3.4. Summary information on training courses available to CDRH and CBER em-ployees, including new reviewers, regarding device review and the percentage of applica-ble staff that have successfully completed each such course. CDRH will provide infor-mation concerning any revisions to the new reviewer training program curriculum. 3.5. Performance on the shared outcome goal for average Total Time to decision 3.6. For 510(k) submissions, reporting will include: i. Number of submissions reviewed by a Third Party ii. Number of Special Submissions iii. Number of Traditional Submissions iv. Average and number of days to Accept/ Refuse to Accept v. Number of Abbreviated Submissions 3.7. For 510(k) submissions that go through a 3rd party, reporting will include: i. Time from FDA receipt of third party re-port to FDA decision at the 90% percentile ii. Once 3rd party program enhancements have been implemented, resources saved as a result of enhancements to the 3rd party re-view program. 3.8. For PMA submissions, reporting will include the number of the following types of PMA submissions received: i. Original PMAs ii. Priority PMAs iii. Premarket Reports iv. Panel-Track PMA Supplement v. PMA Modules vi. 180-Day PMA Supplements vii. Real-Time PMA Supplements viii. Number of submissions FDA classifies as unsolicited major, solicited major, and minor amendments 3.9. For De Novo requests, reporting will include: i. Number of submissions received ii. Average and number of days to Accept/ Refuse to Accept, upon final guidance 3.10. For CLIA waiver applications, report-ing will include: i. Number of CLIA waiver applications re-ceived ii. Average and quintiles of the number of calendar days to Substantive Interaction iii. Average and quintiles of the number of FDA Days, Industry Days, and Total Days to a MDUFA decision and a discussion of any trends in the data 3.11. Report on the ASCA program 3.12. Data regarding the reduction in re-viewer to manager ratio. 3.13. Report on implementation of defi-ciency performance improvements. 3.14. Report on quality management pro-gram 3.15. Summary of quality system audits FDA will report annual and quarterly data on performance within goals for 510(k), de novo, and PMA MDUFA decisions for devices identified as LDTs by the submitter com-pared to all non-LDT IVD devices. The fol-lowing elements will be reported: Number and percentage of LDT 510(k)s and non-LDT IVD 510(k)s completed within 90 FDA days Number and percentage of LDT de novos and non-LDT IVD de novos completed within 150 FDA days Number and percentage of LDT PMAs and non-LDT IVD PMAs completed within 180 FDA days FDA commits to treat LDTs no less favor-ably than other devices to which MDUFA performance goals apply. On an annual basis, FDA and Industry will discuss the return on investment, which may include process improvements, improved per-formance, and other enhancements, under MDUFA IV. 
VII. DEFINITIONS AND EXPLANATIONS OF TERMS  A. Applicant Applicant means a person who makes any of the following submissions to FDA: an application for premarket approval under section 515 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA); a premarket notification under section 510(k) of the FDCA; an application for investigational device exemption under section 520(g) of the FDCA; a Pre-Submission; a de novo request (evaluation of automatic class III designation) under section 513(f)(2) of the FDCA; a CLIA Waiver by application. B. Electronic Copy (e-Copy) An electronic copy is an exact duplicate of a submission, created and submitted on a CD, DVD, or in another electronic media for-mat that FDA has agreed to accept, accom-panied by a copy of the signed cover letter and the complete original paper submission. An electronic copy is not considered to be an electronic submission. C. Electronic submission template An electronic submission template, or eSubmission template, is a guided submis-sion preparation tool for industry. Similar to an online form, the eSubmission template walks industry through the relevant con-tents and components for the respective pre-market submission type and device in order to facilitate submission preparation and en-hance consistency, quality, and efficiency in the premarket review process. D. FDA Days FDA Days are those calendar days when a submission is considered to be under review at the Agency for submissions that have been accepted (510(k) or de novo classifica-tion request), filed (PMA) or submitted (CLIA Waiver by application). FDA Days begin on the date of receipt of the submis-sion or of the amendment to the submission that enables the submission to be accepted (510(k)) or filed (PMA). E. MDUFA Decisions Original PMAs: Decisions for Original PMAs are Approval, Approvable, Approvable Pending GMP Inspection, Not Approvable, withdrawal, and Denial. 180-Day PMA Supplements: Decisions for 180-Day PMA Supplements include Approval, Approvable, and Not Approvable. Real-Time PMA Supplements: Decisions for Real-Time PMA supplements include Ap-proval, Approvable, and not Approvable. 510(k)s: Decisions for 510(k)s are substan-tially equivalent (SE) or not substantially equivalent (NSE). De Novo Requests: Decisions for De Novo requests are grant, withdrawal, and decline. CLIA Waiver by Application Submissions: Decisions for CLIA Waiver by Application Submissions are Approval, Withdrawal, and Denial. Submissions placed on Application Integ-rity Program Hold will be removed from the MDUFA cohort. F. Pre-Submission A Pre-Submission includes a formal writ-ten request from an applicant for feedback from FDA which is provided in the form of a formal written response or, if the manufac-turer chooses, a meeting or teleconference in which the feedback is documented in meet-ing minutes. A Pre-Submission meeting is a meeting or teleconference in which FDA pro-vides its substantive feedback on the Pre- Submission. A Pre-Submission provides the opportunity for an applicant to obtain FDA feedback prior to intended submission of an investiga-tional device exemption or marketing appli-cation. The request must include specific questions regarding review issues relevant to a planned IDE or marketing application (e.g., questions regarding pre-clinical testing protocols or data requirements; design and performance of clinical studies and accept-ance criteria). A Pre-Submission is appro-priate when FDA’s feedback on specific ques-tions is necessary to guide product develop-ment and/or application preparation. The following forms of FDA feedback to applicants are not considered Pre-Submis-sions. Interactions requested by either the appli-cant or FDA during the review of a mar-keting application (i.e., following submission of a marketing application, but prior to reaching an FDA Decision). General information requests initiated through the Division of Industry and Con-sumer Education (DICE). General questions regarding FDA policy or procedures. Meetings or teleconferences that are in-tended to be informational only, including, but not limited to, those intended to educate the review team on new device(s) with sig-nificant differences in technology from cur-rently available devices, or to update FDA about ongoing or future product develop-ment, without a request for FDA feedback on specific questions related to a planned sub-mission. Requests for clarification on technical guidance documents, especially where con-tact is recommended by FDA in the guidance document. However, the following requests will generally need to be submitted as a Pre- Submission in order to ensure appropriate input from multiple reviewers and manage-ment: recommendations for device types not specifically addressed in the guidance docu-ment; recommendations for nonclinical or clinical studies not addressed in the guid-ance document; requests to use an alter-native means to address recommendations specified in a guidance document. Phone calls or email messages to reviewers that can be readily answered based on a re-viewer’s experience and knowledge and do not require the involvement of a broader number of FDA staff beyond the routine in-volvement of the reviewer’s supervisor and more experienced mentors. G. Substantive Interaction Substantive Interaction is an email, letter, teleconference, video conference, fax, or other form of communication such as a re-quest for Additional Information or Major Deficiency letters by FDA notifying the ap-plicant of substantive deficiencies identified in initial submission review, or a commu-nication stating that FDA has not identified any deficiencies in the initial submission re-view and any further minor deficiencies will be communicated through interactive re-view. An approval or clearance letter issued prior to the Substantive Interaction goal date will qualify as a Substantive Inter-action. If substantive issues warranting issuance of an Additional Information or Major Defi-ciency letter are not identified, interactive review should be used to resolve any minor issues and facilitate an FDA decision. In ad-dition, interactive review will be used, where, in FDA’s estimation, it leads to a more efficient review process during the ini-tial review cycle (i.e., prior to a Substantive Interaction) to resolve minor issues such as revisions to administrative items (e.g., 510(k) Summary/Statement, Indications for Use statement, environmental impact assess-ment, financial disclosure statements); a more detailed device description; omitted en-gineering drawings; revisions to labeling; or clarification regarding nonclinical or clin-ical study methods or data. Minor issues may still be included in an Additional Information or Major Deficiency letter where related to the resolution of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.050 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4736 August 2, 2017 
substantive issues (e.g., modification of the proposed Indications for Use may lead to re-visions in labeling and administrative items), or if they were still unresolved fol-lowing interactive review attempts. Both interactive review and Substantive Inter-actions will occur on the review clock except upon the issuance of an Additional Informa-tion or Major Deficiency Letter which stops the review clock. H. Total Time to Decision Total Time to Decision is the number of calendar days from the date of receipt of an accepted or filed submission to a MDUFA de-cision. The average Total Time to Decision for 510(k) submissions is calculated as the aver-age of Total Times to Decision for 510(k) sub-missions within a closed cohort, excluding the highest 2% and the lowest 2% of values. A cohort is closed when 99% of the accepted submissions have reached a decision. The average Total Time to Decision for PMA applications is calculated as the three- year rolling average of the annual Total Times to Decision for applications (for exam-ple, for FY2018, the average Total Time to Decision for PMA applications would be the average of FY2016 through FY2018) within a closed cohort, excluding the highest 5% and the lowest 5% of values. A cohort is closed when 95% of the applications have reached a decision. I. Accreditation Scheme for Conformity Assess-ment Conformity Assessment is the demonstra-tion that specified requirements relating to a product, process, system, person or body are fulfilled. Accreditation is the formal recognition by an independent body, generally known as an accreditation body, that an organization is competent to carry out specific conformity assessment activities. Accreditation is not obligatory but it adds another level of con-fidence, as ‘accredited’ means the organiza-tion has been independently checked to make sure it operates according to inter-national standards. A conformity assessment scheme is a sys-tem for assessing the conformity of specified objects (e.g., medical devices or management processes) to one or more consensus stand-ards. The system specifies the applicable standards as well as the rules, procedures, and management requirements for carrying out the conformity assessment to meet a regulatory need. Informally, such a scheme may be referred to as an accreditation scheme. Testing laboratory is an organization that possesses the necessary technical com-petence and capabilities to conduct testing to making a determination that one or more characteristics of an object are in conform-ance with a set of predefined requirements. J. BLA-related Definitions Review and act on—the issuance of a com-plete action letter after the complete review of a filed complete application. The action letter, if it is not an approval, will set forth in detail the specific deficiencies and, where appropriate, the actions necessary to place the application in condition for approval. Class 1 resubmitted applications—applica-tions resubmitted after a complete response letter that includes the following items only (or combinations of these items): (a) Final printed labeling (b) Draft labeling (c) Safety updates submitted in the same format, including tabulations, as the origi-nal safety submission with new data and changes highlighted (except when large amounts of new information including im-portant new adverse experiences not pre-viously reported with the product are pre-sented in the resubmission) (d) Stability updates to support provisional or final dating periods (e) Commitments to perform Phase 4 stud-ies, including proposals for such studies (f) Assay validation data (g) Final release testing on the last 1–2 lots used to support approval (h) A minor reanalysis of data previously submitted to the application (determined by the Agency as fitting the Class 1 category) (i) Other minor clarifying information (de-termined by the Agency as fitting the Class 1 category) (j) Other specific items may be added later as the Agency gains experience with the scheme and will be communicated via guid-ance documents to industry Class 2 resubmitted applications—re-submissions that include any other items, including any item that would require pres-entation to an advisory committee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the commit-ment letter for the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, PDUFA, reauthorization for fiscal years 2018 to 2022, known as PDUFA VI. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
PDUFA REAUTHORIZATION PERFORM-ANCE GOALS AND PROCEDURES FIS-CAL YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2022 I. Ensuring the Effectiveness of the Human Drug Review Program A. Review Performance Goals B. Program For Enhanced Review Trans-parency And Communication For NME NDAs And Original BLAs C. First Cycle Review Management D. Review Of Proprietary Names To Re-duce Medication Errors E. Major Dispute Resolution F. Clinical Holds G. Special Protocol Question Assessment And Agreement H. Meeting Management Goals I. Enhancing Regulatory Science And Ex-pediting Drug Development J. Enhancing Regulatory Decision Tools To Support Drug Development And Review K. Enhancement And Modernization Of The FDA Drug Safety System II. Enhancing Management of User Fee Re-sources A. Resource Capacity Planning And Mod-ernized Time Reporting B. Financial Transparency And Efficiency III. Improving FDA Hiring and Retention of Review Staff A. Completion Of Modernization Of The Hiring System Infrastructure And Aug-mentation Of System Capacity B. Augmentation Of Hiring Staff Capacity And Capability C. Complete Establishment Of A Dedicated Function To Ensure Needed Scientific Staff-ing For Medical Product Review D. Set Clear Goals For Drug Review Pro-gram Hiring E. Comprehensive And Continuous Assess-ment Of Hiring And Retention IV. Information Technology Goals A. Objective B. Improve The Predictability And Con-sistency Of PDUFA Electronic Submission Processes C. Enhance Transparency And Account-ability Of FDA Electronic Submission And Data Standards Activities V. Improving FDA Performance Manage-ment VI. Progress Reporting for PDUFA VI and Continuing PDUFA V Initiatives VII. Definitions and Explanation of Terms PDUFA REAUTHORIZATION PERFORM-ANCE GOALS AND PROCEDURES FIS-CAL YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2022 This document contains the performance goals and procedures for the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) reauthorization for fiscal years (FYs) 2018–2022, known as PDUFA VI. It is commonly referred to as the ‘‘goals letter’’ or ‘‘commitment letter.’’ The goals letter represents the product of FDA’s discussions with the regulated industry and public stakeholders, as mandated by Con-gress. The performance and procedural goals and other commitments specified in this let-ter apply to aspects of the human drug re-view program that are important for facili-tating timely access to safe, effective, and innovative new medicines for patients. While much of FDA’s work is associated with for-mal tracked performance goals, the Agency and industry mutually agree that it is appro-priate to manage some areas of the human drug review program with internally tracked timeframes. This provides FDA the flexi-bility needed to respond to a highly diverse workload, including unanticipated public health needs. FDA is committed to meeting the performance goals specified in this letter and to continuous improvement of its per-formance regarding other important areas specified in relevant published documents that relate to preapproval drug development and post-approval activities for marketed products. FDA and the regulated industry will periodically and regularly assess the progress of the human drug review program throughout PDUFA VI. This will allow FDA and the regulated industry to identify emerging challenges and develop strategies to address these challenges to ensure the ef-ficiency and effectiveness of the human drug review program. Unless otherwise stated, goals apply to co-horts of each fiscal year (FY). 
I. ENSURING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE HUMAN  
DRUG REVIEW PROGRAM  A. Review Performance Goals 1. NDA/BLA Submissions and Resubmis-sions a. Review and act on 90 percent of standard NME NDA and original BLA submissions within 10 months of the 60 day filing date. b. Review and act on 90 percent of priority NME NDA and original BLA submissions within 6 months of the 60 day filing date. c. Review and act on 90 percent of standard non-NME original NDA submissions within 10 months of receipt. d. Review and act on 90 percent of priority non-NME original NDA submissions within 6 months of receipt. e. Review and act on 90 percent of Class 1 resubmitted original applications within 2 months of receipt. f. Review and act on 90 percent of Class 2 resubmitted original applications within 6 months of receipt. 2. Original Efficacy Supplements a. Review and act on 90 percent of standard efficacy supplements within 10 months of re-ceipt. b. Review and act on 90 percent of priority efficacy supplement within 6 months of re-ceipt. 3. Resubmitted Efficacy Supplements a. Review and act on 90 percent of Class 1 resubmitted efficacy supplements within 2 months of receipt. b. Review and act on 90 percent of Class 2 resubmitted efficacy supplements within 6 months of receipt. 4. Original Manufacturing Supplements a. Review and act on 90 percent of manu-facturing supplements requiring prior ap-proval within 4 months of receipt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.051 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4737 August 2, 2017 
b. Review and act on 90 percent of all other manufacturing supplements within 6 months of receipt. 5. Review Performance Goal Extensions a. Major Amendments i. A major amendment to an original appli-cation, efficacy supplement, or resubmission of any of these applications, submitted at any time during the review cycle, may ex-tend the goal date by three months. ii. A major amendment may include, for example, a major new clinical safety/efficacy study report; major re-analysis of previously submitted study(ies); submission of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) with Element to Assure Safe Use (ETASU) not included in the original application; or significant amendment to a previously sub-mitted REMS with ETASU. Generally, changes to REMS that do not include ETASU and minor changes to REMS with ETASU will not be considered major amend-ments. iii. A major amendment to a manufac-turing supplement submitted at any time during the review cycle may extend the goal date by two months. iv. Only one extension can be given per re-view cycle. v. Consistent with the underlying prin-ciples articulated in the GRMP guidance, FDA’s decision to extend the review clock should, except in rare circumstances, be lim-ited to occasions where review of the new in-formation could address outstanding defi-ciencies in the application and lead to ap-proval in the current review cycle. b. Inspection of Facilities Not Adequately Identified in an Original Application or Sup-plement i. All original applications, including those in the ‘‘Program,’’ (see Section I.B.2) and supplements are expected to include a com-prehensive and readily located list of all manufacturing facilities included or ref-erenced in the application or supplement. This list provides FDA with information needed to schedule inspections of manufac-turing facilities that may be necessary be-fore approval of the original application or supplement. ii. If, during FDA’s review of an original application or supplement, the Agency iden-tifies a manufacturing facility that was not included in the comprehensive and readily located list, the goal date may be extended. 1) If FDA identifies the need to inspect a manufacturing facility that is not included as part of the comprehensive and readily lo-cated list in an original application or effi-cacy supplement, the goal date may be ex-tended by three months. 2) If FDA identifies the need to inspect a manufacturing facility that is not included as part of the comprehensive and readily lo-cated list in a manufacturing supplement, the goal date may be extended by two months. 6. These review goals are summarized in the following tables: 
TABLE 1.—ORIGINAL AND RESUBMITTED APPLICATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTS 
Submission Cohort Standard Priority 
NME NDAs and original BLAs ..................................................................................................... .............. 90% in 10 months of the 60 day filing date .................................. 90% in 6 months of the 60 day filing date Non NME NDAs ................................................................................................................... ....................... 90% in 10 months of the receipt date ............................................ 90% in 6 months of the r eceipt date Class 1 Resubmissions .......................................................................................................... .................. 90% in 2 months of the receipt date .............................................. 90% in 2 months of the recei pt date Class 2 Resubmissions .......................................................................................................... .................. 90% in 6 months of the receipt date .............................................. 90% in 6 months of the recei pt date Original Efficacy Supplements .................................................................................................. ............... 90% in 10 months of the receipt date ............................................ 90% in 6 months of the receipt d ate Class 1 Resubmitted Efficacy Supplements ....................................................................................... ..... 90% in 2 months of the receipt date .............................................. 90% in 2 months of the receipt date Class 2 Resubmitted Efficacy Supplements ....................................................................................... ..... 90% in 6 months of the receipt date .............................................. 90% in 6 months of the receipt date 
TABLE 2 
Prior Approval All Other 
Manufacturing Supplements ...................................................................................................... ............... 90% in 4 months of the receipt date .............................................. 90% in 6 months of the receipt date 
B. Program for Enhanced Review Transparency and Communication for NME NDAs and Original BLAs To promote transparency and communica-tion between the FDA review team and the applicant, FDA will apply the following model (‘‘the Program’’) to the review of all New Molecular Entity New Drug Applica-tions (NME NDAs) and original Biologics Li-cense Applications (BLAs), including appli-cations that are resubmitted following a Refuse-to-File decision, received from Octo-ber 1, 2017, through September 30, 2022. The goal of the Program is to promote the effi-ciency and effectiveness of the first cycle re-view process and minimize the number of re-view cycles necessary for approval, ensuring that patients have timely access to safe, ef-fective, and high quality new drugs and bio-logics. Approach to Application Review. The standard approach for the review of NME NDAs and original BLAs is described in this section. However, the FDA review team and the applicant may discuss and reach mutual agreement on an alternative approach to the timing and nature of interactions and infor-mation exchange between the applicant and FDA, i.e., a Formal Communication Plan for the review of the NME NDA or original BLA. The Formal Communication Plan may in-clude elements of the standard approach (e.g., a mid-cycle communication or a late- cycle meeting) as well as other interactions that sometimes occur during the review process (e.g., a meeting during the filing pe-riod to discuss the application, i.e., an ‘‘ap-plication orientation meeting’’). If appro-priate, the Formal Communication Plan should specify those elements of the Pro-gram that FDA and the sponsor agree are un-necessary for the application under review. If the review team and the applicant anticipate developing a Formal Communication Plan, the elements of the plan should be discussed and agreed to at the pre-submission meeting (see Section I.B.1) and reflected in the meet-ing minutes. The Formal Communication Plan may be reviewed and amended at any time based on the progress of the review and the mutual agreement of the review team and the applicant. For example, the review team and the applicant may mutually agree at any time to cancel future specified inter-actions in the Program (e.g., the late-cycle meeting) that become unnecessary (e.g. be-cause previous communications between the review team and the applicant are suffi-cient). Any amendments made to the Formal Communication Plan should be consistent with the goal of an efficient and timely first cycle review process and not impede the re-view team’s ability to conduct its review. Expedited Reviews. In certain cases, an ap-plication reviewed in the Program will be for a product that the FDA review team identi-fies as meeting an important public health need. If the FDA review team determines that a first-cycle approval is likely for such an application, the team intends to make every effort to conduct an expedited review and act early on the application. FDA con-ducts expedited reviews to promote timely access to critically needed therapies for pa-tients without compromising FDA’s high standards for demonstrating the safety, effi-cacy, and quality of new medicines. Expe-dited reviews are typically characterized by frequent contact between the applicant and the FDA review team throughout the review process. Any parameters of the Program that are intended to facilitate expedited reviews are noted throughout Section I.B. If significant application deficiencies are identified by the review team at any time during an expedited review, FDA intends to revert, for the remainder of the review, to the standard approach to the review of pri-ority NME NDAs and original BLAs (as de-scribed in this section), and will inform the applicant accordingly. The remainder of Section I.B describes the parameters that will apply to FDA’s review of applications in the Program. 1. Pre-submission meeting: The applicant is strongly encouraged to discuss the planned content of the application with the appropriate FDA review division at a pre- NDA/BLA meeting. This meeting will be at-tended by the FDA review team, including appropriate senior FDA staff. a. The pre-NDA/BLA meeting should be held sufficiently in advance of the planned submission of the application to allow for meaningful response to FDA feedback and should generally occur not less than 2 months prior to the planned submission of the application. b. In addition to FDA’s preliminary re-sponses to the applicant’s questions, other potential discussion topics include prelimi-nary discussions on the need for REMS or other risk management actions, and, where applicable, the development of a Formal Communication Plan and a timeline for re-view activities associated with a scheduling recommendation under the Controlled Sub-stances Act for drugs with abuse potential. These discussions will be summarized at the conclusion of the meeting and reflected in the FDA meeting minutes. c. The FDA and the applicant will agree on the content of a complete application for the proposed indication(s) at the pre-submission meeting. The FDA and the applicant may also reach agreement on submission of a lim-ited number of application components not later than 30 calendar days after the submis-sion of the original application. These sub-missions must be of a type that would not be expected to materially impact the ability of the review team to begin its review. These agreements will be summarized at the con-clusion of the meeting and reflected in the FDA meeting minutes. i. Examples of application components that may be appropriate for delayed submis-sion include updated stability data (e.g., 15– month data to update 12–month data sub-mitted with the original submission) or the final audited report of a preclinical study 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.086 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4738 August 2, 2017 
(e.g., carcinogenicity) where the final draft report is submitted with the original appli-cation. ii. Major components of the application (e.g., the complete study report of a Phase 3 clinical trial or the full study report of re-quired long-term safety data) are expected to be submitted with the original application and are not subject to agreement for late submission. 2. Original application submission: Appli-cations are expected to be complete, as agreed between the FDA review team and the applicant at the pre-NDA/BLA meeting, at the time of original submission of the ap-plication. If the applicant does not have a pre-NDA/BLA meeting with FDA, and no agreement exists between FDA and the ap-plicant on the contents of a complete appli-cation or delayed submission of certain com-ponents of the application, the applicant’s submission is expected to be complete at the time of original submission. a. All applications are expected to include a comprehensive and readily located list of all clinical sites and manufacturing facilities included or referenced in the application. b. Any components of the application that FDA agreed at the pre-submission meeting could be submitted after the original appli-cation are expected to be received not later than 30 calendar days after receipt of the original application. c. Incomplete applications, including appli-cations with components that are not re-ceived within 30 calendar days after receipt of the original submission, will be subject to a Refuse-to-File decision. d. The following parameters will apply to applications that are subject to a Refuse-to- File decision and are subsequently filed over protest: i. The original submission of the applica-tion will be subject to the review perform-ance goal as described in Section I.B.4. ii. The application will not be eligible for the other parameters of the Program (e.g., mid-cycle communication, late-cycle meet-ing). iii. FDA generally will not review amend-ments to the application during any review cycle. FDA also generally will not issue in-formation requests to the applicant during the agency’s review. iv. The resubmission goals described in Section I.A.1.e and I.A.1.f will not apply to any resubmission of the application fol-lowing an FDA complete response action. Any such resubmission will be reviewed as available resources permit. e. Since applications are expected to be complete at the time of submission, unsolic-ited amendments are expected to be rare and not to contain major new information or analyses. Review of unsolicited amendments, including those submitted in response to an FDA communication of deficiencies, will be handled in accordance with the GRMP guid-ance. This guidance includes the underlying principle that FDA will consider the most ef-ficient path toward completion of a com-prehensive review that addresses application deficiencies and leads toward a first cycle approval when possible. 3. Day 74 Letter: FDA will follow existing procedures regarding identification and com-munication of filing review issues in the ‘‘Day 74 letter.’’ For applications subject to the Program, the timeline for this commu-nication will be within 74 calendar days from the date of FDA receipt of the original sub-mission. The planned review timeline in-cluded in the Day 74 letter for applications in the Program will include the planned date for the internal mid-cycle review meeting. The letter will also include preliminary plans on whether to hold an Advisory Com-mittee (AC) meeting to discuss the applica-tion. If applicable, the Day 74 letter will serve as notification to the applicant that the review division intends to conduct an ex-pedited review. 4. Review performance goals: For NME NDA and original BLA submissions that are filed by FDA under the Program, the PDUFA review clock will begin at the conclusion of the 60 calendar day filing review period that begins on the date of FDA receipt of the original submission. The review performance goals for these applications are as follows: a. Review and act on 90 percent of standard NME NDA and original BLA submissions within 10 months of the 60 day filing date. b. Review and act on 90 percent of priority NME NDA and original BLA submissions within 6 months of the 60 day filing date. 5. Mid-Cycle Communication: The FDA Regulatory Project Manager (RPM), and other appropriate members of the FDA re-view team (e.g., Cross Discipline Team Lead-er (CDTL)), will call the applicant, generally within 2 weeks following the Agency’s inter-nal mid-cycle review meeting, to provide the applicant with an update on the status of the review of their application. An agenda will be sent to the applicant prior to the mid- cycle communication. Scheduling of the in-ternal mid-cycle review meeting will be han-dled in accordance with the GRMP guidance. The RPM will coordinate the specific date and time of the telephone call with the ap-plicant. a. The update should include any signifi-cant issues identified by the review team to date, any information requests, information regarding major safety concerns and prelimi-nary review team thinking regarding risk management, proposed date(s) for the late- cycle meeting, updates regarding plans for the AC meeting (if an AC meeting is antici-pated), an update regarding FDA’s review ac-tivities associated with a scheduling rec-ommendation under the Controlled Sub-stances Act (if applicable), and other pro-jected milestone dates for the remainder of the review cycle. b. In the case of an expedited review, FDA will communicate the timelines for the Late- Cycle Meeting and the Late-Cycle Meeting background package (see Section I.B.6) which may occur earlier with more con-densed timeframes compared to a review that is not expedited. 6. Late-Cycle and Advisory Committee Meetings: A meeting will be held between the FDA review team and the applicant to discuss the status of the review of the appli-cation late in the review cycle. Late-cycle meetings will generally be face-to-face meet-ings; however, the meeting may be held by teleconference if FDA and the applicant agree. Since the application is expected to be complete at the time of submission, FDA in-tends to complete primary and secondary re-views of the application in advance of the planned late-cycle meeting. a. FDA representatives at the late-cycle meeting are expected to include the signa-tory authority for the application, review team members from appropriate disciplines, and appropriate team leaders and/or super-visors from disciplines for which substantive issues have been identified in the review to date. b. For applications that will be discussed at an AC meeting, the following parameters apply: i. FDA intends to convene AC meetings no later than 2 months (standard review) or no later than 6 weeks (priority review) prior to the PDUFA goal date. The late-cycle meet-ing will occur not less than 12 calendar days before the date of the AC meeting. ii. FDA intends to provide final questions for the AC to the sponsor and the AC not less than 2 calendar days before the AC meeting. iii. Following an AC Meeting, FDA and the applicant may agree on the need to discuss feedback from the AC for the purpose of fa-cilitating the remainder of the review. Such a meeting will generally be held by tele-conference without a commitment for formal meeting minutes issued by the agency. c. For applications that will not be dis-cussed at an AC meeting, the late-cycle meeting will generally occur not later than 3 months (standard review) or two months (priority review) prior to the PDUFA goal date. d. Late-Cycle Meeting Background Pack-ages: The Agency background package for the late-cycle meeting will be sent to the ap-plicant not less than 10 calendar days (or 2 calendar days for an expedited review) before the late-cycle meeting. The package will consist of a brief memorandum from the re-view team outlining substantive application issues (e.g., deficiencies identified by pri-mary and secondary reviews), the Agency’s background package for the AC meeting (in-corporated by reference if previously sent to the applicant), potential questions and/or points for discussion for the AC meeting (if planned) and the current assessment of the need for REMS or other risk management actions. If the application is subject to an expedited review, the background package may be streamlined and brief using a bulleted list to identify issues to be dis-cussed. e. Late-Cycle Meeting Discussion Topics: Potential topics for discussion at the late- cycle meeting include major deficiencies identified to date; issues to be discussed at the AC meeting (if planned); current assess-ment of the need for REMS or other risk management actions; status update of FDA’s review activities associated with a sched-uling recommendation under the Controlled Substances Act, if applicable; information requests from the review team to the appli-cant; and additional data or analyses the ap-plicant may wish to submit. i. With regard to submission of additional data or analyses, the FDA review team and the applicant will discuss whether such data will be reviewed by the Agency in the cur-rent review cycle and, if so, whether the sub-mission will be considered a major amend-ment and trigger an extension of the PDUFA goal date. 7. Inspections: FDA’s goal is to complete all GCP, GLP, and GMP inspections for ap-plications in the Program within 6 months of the date of original receipt for priority appli-cations and within 10 months of the date of original receipt for standard applications. This will allow 2 months at the end of the re-view cycle to attempt to address any defi-ciencies identified by the inspections. C. First Cycle Review Management FDA and industry share a commitment to ensuring an efficient and effective first cycle review process for all applications subject to the PDUFA program. This commitment was first articulated in the GRMP guidance fi-nalized in 2005. FDA will update this guid-ance in PDUFA VI to include review activi-ties (e.g., the NME Program, REMS) that have been added to the human drug review program since the guidance was finalized, principles regarding notification to appli-cants regarding issues identified during FDA’s initial review of the application, prin-ciples regarding FDA’s notification to appli-cants regarding planned review timelines, and the importance of internal review timelines that govern aspects of the human drug review program that are not part of PDUFA performance goals. FDA will publish a revised draft guidance for public comment no later than the end of FY 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.087 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4739 August 2, 2017 
D. Review of Proprietary Names to Reduce Medication Errors To enhance patient safety, FDA is com-mitted to various measures to reduce medi-cation errors related to look-alike and sound-alike proprietary names and such fac-tors as unclear label abbreviations, acro-nyms, dose designations, and error prone label and packaging design. The following performance goals apply to FDA’s review of drug and biological product proprietary names during development (as early as end- of-phase 2) and during FDA’s review of a marketing application: 1. Proprietary Name Review Performance Goals During Drug Development a. Review 90% of proprietary name submis-sions filed within 180 days of receipt. Notify sponsor of tentative acceptance or non-ac-ceptance. b. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the sponsor can request recon-sideration by submitting a written rebuttal with supporting data or request a meeting within 60 days to discuss the initial decision (meeting package required). c. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the above review performance goals also would apply to the written request for reconsideration with supporting data or the submission of a new proprietary name. d. A complete submission is required to begin the review clock. 2. Proprietary Name Review Performance Goals During Application Review a. Review 90% of NDA/BLA proprietary name submissions filed within 90 days of re-ceipt. Notify sponsor of tentative accept-ance/non-acceptance. b. A supplemental review will be done meeting the above review performance goals if the proprietary name has been submitted previously (IND phase after end-of-phase 2) and has received tentative acceptance. c. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the sponsor can request recon-sideration by submitting a written rebuttal with supporting data or request a meeting within 60 days to discuss the initial decision (meeting package required). d. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the above review performance goals apply to the written request for recon-sideration with supporting data or the sub-mission of a new proprietary name. e. A complete submission is required to begin the review clock. E. Major Dispute Resolution 1. Procedure: For procedural or scientific matters in-volving the review of human drug applica-tions and supplements (as defined in PDUFA) that cannot be resolved at the signatory au-thority level (including a request for recon-sideration by the signatory authority after reviewing any materials that are planned to be forwarded with an appeal to the next level), the response to appeals of decisions will occur within 30 calendar days of the Center’s receipt of the written appeal. 2. Performance goal: 90% of such answers are provided within 30 calendar days of the Center’s receipt of the written appeal. 3. Conditions: a. Sponsors should first try to resolve the procedural or scientific issue at the signa-tory authority level. If it cannot be resolved at that level, it should be appealed to the next higher organizational level (with a copy to the signatory authority) and then, if nec-essary, to the next higher organizational level. b. Responses should be either verbal (fol-lowed by a written confirmation within 14 calendar days of the verbal notification) or written and should ordinarily be to either grant or deny the appeal. c. If the decision is to deny the appeal, the response should include reasons for the de-nial and any actions the sponsor might take to persuade the Agency to reverse its deci-sion. d. In some cases, further data or further input from others might be needed to reach a decision on the appeal. In these cases, the ‘‘response’’ should be the plan for obtaining that information (e.g., requesting further in-formation from the sponsor, scheduling a meeting with the sponsor, scheduling the issue for discussion at the next scheduled available advisory committee (AC). e. In these cases, once the required infor-mation is received by the Agency (including any advice from an AC), the person to whom the appeal was made, again has 30 calendar days from the receipt of the required infor-mation in which to either grant or deny the appeal. f. Again, if the decision is to deny the ap-peal, the response should include the reasons for the denial and any actions the sponsor might take to persuade the Agency to re-verse its decision. g. N.B. If the Agency decides to present the issue to an AC and there are not 30 days be-fore the next scheduled AC, the issue will be presented at the following scheduled com-mittee meeting to allow conformance with AC administrative procedures. F. Clinical Holds 1. Procedure: The Center should respond to a sponsor’s complete response to a clinical hold within 30 days of the Agency’s receipt of the sub-mission of such sponsor response. 2. Performance goal: 90% of such responses are provided within 30 calendar days of the Agency’s receipt of the sponsor’s response. G. Special Protocol Question Assessment and Agreement 1. Procedure: Upon specific request by a sponsor (includ-ing specific questions that the sponsor de-sires to be answered), the Agency will evalu-ate certain protocols and issues to assess whether the design is adequate to meet sci-entific and regulatory requirements identi-fied by the sponsor. a. The sponsor should submit a limited number of specific questions about the pro-tocol design and scientific and regulatory re-quirements for which the sponsor seeks agreement (e.g., is the dose range in the car-cinogenicity study adequate, considering the intended clinical dosage; are the clinical endpoints adequate to support a specific effi-cacy claim). b. Within 45 days of Agency receipt of the protocol and specific questions, the Agency will provide a written response to the spon-sor that includes a succinct assessment of the protocol and answers to the questions posed by the sponsor. If the Agency does not agree that the protocol design, execution plans, and data analyses are adequate to achieve the goals of the sponsor, the reasons for the disagreement will be explained in the response. c. Protocols that qualify for this program include: carcinogenicity protocols, stability protocols, and Phase 3 protocols for clinical trials that will form the primary basis of an efficacy claim. For such Phase 3 protocols to qualify for this comprehensive protocol as-sessment, the sponsor must have had an end- of-Phase 2/pre-Phase 3 meeting with the re-view division so that the division is aware of the developmental context in which the pro-tocol is being reviewed and the questions being answered. d. N.B. For products that will be using Subpart E or Subpart H development schemes, the Phase 3 protocols mentioned in this paragraph should be construed to mean those protocols for trials that will form the primary basis of an efficacy claim no matter what phase of drug development in which they happen to be conducted. e. If a protocol is reviewed under the proc-ess outlined above and agreement with the Agency is reached on design, execution, and analyses and if the results of the trial con-ducted under the protocol substantiate the hypothesis of the protocol, the Agency agrees that the data from the protocol can be used as part of the primary basis for ap-proval of the product. The fundamental agreement here is that having agreed to the design, execution, and analyses proposed in protocols reviewed under this process, the Agency will not later alter its perspective on the issues of design, execution, or analyses unless public health concerns unrecognized at the time of protocol assessment under this process are evident. 2. Performance goal: 90% of special protocol assessments and agreement requests completed and returned to sponsor within the timeframe. 3. Reporting: The Agency will track and report the num-ber of original special protocol assessments and resubmissions per original special pro-tocol assessment. H. Meeting Management Goals Formal PDUFA meetings between sponsors and FDA consist of Type A, B, B(EOP), and C meetings. These meetings are further de-scribed below. Type A meetings are those meetings that are necessary for an otherwise stalled drug development program to proceed (i.e., a ‘‘critical path’’ meeting) or to address an im-portant safety issue. Post-action meetings requested within three months after an FDA regulatory action other than approval (i.e., issuance of a complete response letter) will also generally be considered Type A meet-ings. Type B meetings include pre-IND meetings and pre-NDA/BLA meetings, while Type B (EOP) meetings are reserved for certain End- of-Phase 1 meetings (i.e. for 21 CFR Part 312 Subpart E or 21 CFR Part 314 Subpart H or similar products) and End-of-Phase 2/pre- Phase 3 meetings. Meetings regarding REMS or postmarketing requirements that occur outside the context of the review of a mar-keting application will also generally be con-sidered Type B meetings. A Type C meeting is any other type of meeting. 1. Responses to Meeting Requests a. Procedure: FDA will notify the re-quester in writing of the date, time, and place for the meeting, as well as expected Center participants following receipt of a formal meeting request. Table 3 below indi-cates the timeframes for FDA’s response to a meeting request. 
TABLE 3 
Meeting Type Response Time (calendar days) 
A ....................................................................................... 14 B ....................................................................................... 21 B(EOP) .............................................................................. 14 C ....................................................................................... 21 
i. For any type of meeting, the sponsor may request a written response to its ques-tions rather than a face-to-face meeting, vid-eoconference or teleconference. FDA will re-view the request and make a determination on whether a written response is appropriate or whether a face-to-face meeting, video-conference, or teleconference is necessary. If a written response is deemed appropriate, FDA will notify the requester of the date it intends to send the written response in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.088 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4740 August 2, 2017 
Agency’s response to the meeting request. This date will be consistent with the time-frames specified in Table 4 below for the spe-cific meeting type. ii. For pre-IND and Type C meetings, while the sponsor may request a face-to-face meet-ing, the Agency may determine that a writ-ten response to the sponsor’s questions would be the most appropriate means for providing feedback and advice to the spon-sor. When it is determined that the meeting request can be appropriately addressed through a written response, FDA will notify the requester of the date it intends to send the written response in the Agency’s re-sponse to the meeting request. This date will be consistent with the timeframes specified in Table 4 below for the specific meeting type. b. Performance Goal: FDA will respond to meeting requests and provide notification within the response times noted in Table 3 for 90% of each meeting type. 2. Scheduling Meetings a. Procedure: FDA will schedule the meet-ing on the next available date at which all applicable Center personnel are available to attend, consistent with the component’s other business; however, the meeting should be scheduled consistent with the type of meeting requested. Table 4 below indicates the timeframes for the scheduled meeting date following receipt of a formal meeting request, or in the case of a written response, the timeframes for the Agency to send the written response. If the requested date for any meeting type is greater than the speci-fied timeframe, the meeting date should be within 14 calendar days of the requested date. 
TABLE 4 
Meeting Type Meeting Scheduling or Written Response Time 
A ..................................... 30 calendar days from receipt of meeting re- quest B ..................................... 60 calendar days from receipt of meeting re- quest B(EOP) ............................ 70 calendar days from receipt of meeting re- quest C ..................................... 75 calendar days from receipt of meeting re- quest 
b. Performance goal: 90% of meetings are held within the timeframe for each meeting type, and 90% of written responses are sent within the timeframe for each meeting type. 3. Meeting Background Packages The timing of the Agency’s receipt of the sponsor background package for each meet-ing type (including those meetings for which a written response will be provided) is speci-fied in Table 5 below. 
TABLE 5 
Meeting Type Receipt of Background Package 
A ..................................... At the time of the meeting request B ..................................... 30 calendar days before the date of the meeting or expected written response B(EOP) ............................ 50 calendar days before the date of the meeting or expected written response* C6 ................................... 47 calendar days before the date of the meeting or expected written response* 
* If the scheduled date of a Type B(EOP) or C meeting is earlier than the timeframes specified in Table 4, the meeting background package will be due no sooner than 6 calendar days and 7 calendar days following the re-sponse time for Type B(EOP) and C meetings specified in Table 3, respec-tively. 
4. Preliminary Responses to Sponsor Ques-tions a. Procedure: The Agency will send pre-liminary responses to the sponsor’s ques-tions contained in the background package no later than five calendar days before the meeting date for Type B(EOP) and C meet-ings. b. Performance goal: 90% of preliminary responses to questions for Type B(EOP) meetings are issued by FDA no later than five calendar days before the meeting date. 5. Sponsor Notification to FDA Not later than three calendar days fol-lowing the sponsor’s receipt of FDA’s pre-liminary responses for a Type B(EOP) or C meeting, the sponsor will notify FDA of whether the meeting is still needed, and if it is, the anticipated agenda of the meeting given the sponsor’s review of the preliminary responses. 6. Meeting Minutes a. Procedure: The Agency will prepare min-utes that will be available to the sponsor 30 calendar days after the meeting. The min-utes will clearly outline the important agreements, disagreements, issues for fur-ther discussion, and action items from the meeting in bulleted form and need not be in great detail. Meeting minutes are not re-quired if the Agency transmits a written re-sponse for any meeting type. b. Performance goal: 90% of minutes are issued within 30 calendar days of the date of the meeting. 7. Conditions For a meeting to qualify for these perform-ance goals: a. A written request must be submitted to the review division. b. The written request must provide: i. A brief statement of the purpose of the meeting and the sponsor’s proposal for either a face-to-face meeting or a written response from the Agency; ii. A listing of the specific objectives/out-comes the requester expects from the meet-ing; iii. A proposed agenda, including estimated times needed for each agenda item; iv. A listing of planned external attendees; v. A listing of requested participants/dis-ciplines representative(s) from the Center with an explanation for the request as appro-priate; and vi. The date that the meeting background package will be sent to the Center. Refer to Table 5 for timeframes for the Agency’s re-ceipt of background packages. c. The Agency concurs that the meeting will serve a useful purpose (i.e., it is not pre-mature or clearly unnecessary). However, re-quests for a Type B or B(EOP) meeting will be honored except in the most unusual cir-cumstances. 8. Guidance FDA will publish revised draft guidance on formal meetings between FDA and sponsors no later than September 30, 2018. I. Enhancing Regulatory Science and Expe-diting Drug Development To ensure that new and innovative prod-ucts are developed and available to patients in a timely manner, FDA will build on the success of the FDA’s regulatory science pro-gram that included advancing the science of meta-analysis methodologies, advancing the use of biomarkers and pharmacogenomics, enhancing communications between FDA and sponsors during drug development, and advancing the development of drugs for rare diseases. The extension and continuation of this work will encompass further evaluation and enhancement of FDA-sponsor commu-nications, ensuring the sustained success of the breakthrough therapy program, estab-lishing early consultations between FDA and sponsors on the use of new surrogate endpoints as the primary basis for product approval, advancing rare disease drug devel-opment, advancing the development of com-bination products, and exploring the use of real world evidence for use in regulatory de-cision-making. 1. Promoting Innovation Through En-hanced Communication Between FDA and Sponsors During Drug Development FDA’s philosophy is that timely inter-active communication with sponsors during drug development is a core Agency activity to help achieve the Agency’s mission to fa-cilitate the conduct of efficient and effective drug development programs, which can en-hance public health by making new safe and effective drugs available to the American public in a timely manner. Accordingly, FDA will maintain dedicated drug development communication and training staffs in CDER and CBER, focused on enhancing commu-nication between FDA and sponsors during drug development. One function of the staff is to serve as a li-aison that will facilitate general and, in some cases, specific interactions between sponsors and each Center. The liaison will serve as a point of contact for sponsors who have general questions about drug develop-ment or who need clarification on which re-view division to contact with their ques-tions. The liaison will also serve as a sec-ondary point of contact in each Center for sponsors who are encountering challenges in communication with the review team for their IND (e.g., in instances when they have not received a response from the review team to a simple or clarifying question or referral to the formal meeting process within 30 days of the sponsor’s initial request). In such cases, the liaison will work with the review team and the sponsor to facilitate resolution of the issue. The second function of the staff is to pro-vide ongoing training to the review organiza-tions on best practices in communication with sponsors. The content of training in-cludes, but is not limited to, FDA’s philos-ophy regarding timely interactive commu-nication with sponsors during drug develop-ment as a core Agency activity, best prac-tices for addressing sponsor requests for ad-vice and timely communication of responses through appropriate mechanisms (e.g., tele-conferences, secure email, or when questions are best addressed through the formal meet-ings process), and the role of the liaison staff in each Center in facilitating communica-tion between the review staff and sponsor community, including the staff’s role in fa-cilitating resolution of individual commu-nication requests. The staff will also collabo-rate with sponsor stakeholders (e.g., through participation in workshops, webinars, and other meetings) to communicate FDA’s phi-losophy and best practices regarding commu-nication with sponsors during drug develop-ment. To continue to enhance timely interactive communication with sponsors during drug development in PDUFA VI, FDA will do the following: a. Independent Assessment. FDA will con-tract with an independent third party to as-sess current practices of FDA and sponsors in communicating during drug development. The statement of work for this effort will be published for public comment prior to begin-ning the assessment. The third party will be expected to separately engage both FDA staff and individual sponsors through con-tractor-led interviews as part of the assess-ment. Due to the significant volume of FDA- sponsor interactions in a given year, the as-sessment will be based on a random subset of drug development programs identified by IND number. The third party will identify best practices and areas for improvement in communication by FDA review staff and sponsors. FDA will publish the final report of the assessment on FDA’s website no later than the end of FY 2020. b. Public Workshop. FDA will convene a public workshop by the end of March 2021 to discuss the findings of the independent as-sessment, including anonymized, aggregated feedback from sponsors and FDA review teams resulting from the contractor inter-views. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.089 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4741 August 2, 2017 
c. Guidance. FDA will consider the third party’s recommendations for best practices in communication and update the current draft or final guidance on ‘‘Best Practices for Communication Between IND Sponsors and FDA During Drug Development’’ if appro-priate. If FDA determines that the guidance should be updated, based on the rec-ommendations of the third party and the feedback received from the public workshop, FDA will update the guidance no later than one year following the public workshop. 2. Ensuring Sustained Success of Break-through Therapy Program Breakthrough therapy designation is in-tended to expedite the development and re-view of drug and biological products, alone or in combination, for serious or life-threat-ening diseases or conditions when prelimi-nary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improve-ment over existing therapies. A break-through therapy designation includes the features of the fast track program, intensive FDA guidance on an efficient drug develop-ment program, and an organizational com-mitment by FDA involving senior managers. Additional resources will enable the Agency to continue to work closely with sponsors throughout the breakthrough therapy des-ignation, development, and review processes. Both FDA and the regulated industry are committed to ensuring the expedited devel-opment and review of innovative therapies for serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions by investing additional resources into the breakthrough therapy program. 3. Early Consultation on the Use of New Surrogate Endpoints FDA and industry believe that early con-sultation between review teams and sponsors is important for development programs where the sponsor intends to use a bio-marker as a new surrogate endpoint that has never been previously used as the primary basis for product approval in the proposed context of use. Early consultation in the drug development program allows the review team to consult with FDA senior manage-ment to evaluate the sponsor’s proposal be-fore providing advice regarding the proposed biomarker as a new surrogate endpoint to support accelerated or traditional approval. Requests to engage with FDA on this topic will be considered a Type C meeting request. The purpose of this meeting is to discuss the feasibility of the surrogate as a primary end-point, and identify any gaps in knowledge and how they might be addressed. The out-come of this meeting may require further in-vestigation by the sponsor and discussion and agreement with the agency before the surrogate endpoint could be used as the pri-mary basis for product approval. To qualify for this consultation, these Type C meeting requests must be accompanied by the com-plete meeting background package at the time the request is made that includes pre-liminary human data indicating impact of the drug on the biomarker at a dose that ap-pears to be generally tolerable. The remain-ing meeting procedures as described in Sec-tion I.H of this document will apply. 4. Advancing Development of Drugs for Rare Diseases FDA will build on the success of the Rare Disease Program (RDP) in CDER and CBER by continuing to advance and facilitate the development and timely approval of drugs and biologics for rare diseases, including rare diseases in children. The Rare Disease Pro-gram staff in CDER will be integrated into review teams for rare disease development programs and application review to provide their unique expertise on flexible and fea-sible approaches to studying and reviewing such drugs to include, for example, innova-tive use of biomarkers, consideration of non- traditional clinical development programs, use of adaptive study designs, evaluation of novel endpoints, application of new ap-proaches to statistical analysis, and appro-priate use of FDA’s expedited development and review programs (i.e., Fast Track, Breakthrough, Priority Review, and Acceler-ated Approval). CBER, through its Rare Dis-ease Program Staff, will also ensure that its review offices consider such flexible and fea-sible approaches in review. The RDP staff will also continue to provide training to all CDER and CBER review staff related to development, review, and approval of drugs for rare diseases as part of the re-viewer training core curriculum. μ The objec- tive of the training will be to familiarize re-view staff with the challenges associated with rare disease applications and strategies to address these challenges; to promote best practices for review and regulation of rare disease applications; and to encourage flexi-bility and scientific judgment among review-ers in the review and regulation of rare dis-ease drug development and application re-view. The training will also emphasize the important role of the RDP staff as members of the core review team to help ensure con-sistency of scientific and regulatory ap-proaches across applications and review teams. RDP staff will continue to engage in out-reach to industry, patient groups, and other stakeholders to provide training on FDA’s RDP. The staff will continue to foster col-laborations in the development of tools (e.g., patient reported outcome measures) and data (e.g., natural history studies) to support development of drugs for rare diseases. In ad-dition, the staff will also facilitate inter-actions between stakeholders and FDA re-view divisions to increase awareness of FDA regulatory programs and engagement of pa-tients in FDA’s regulatory decision-making. FDA will include updates on the activities and success of the RDP in the PDUFA an-nual performance report to include, for ex-ample, the number of training courses of-fered and staff trained, the number of review programs where RDP staff participated as core team members, and metrics related to engagement with external stakeholders. FDA will also continue to include informa-tion on rare disease approvals in its annual reports on innovative drug approvals, includ-ing utilization of expedited programs and regulatory flexibility and appropriate com-parative metrics to non-rare disease innova-tive approvals. 5. Advancing Development of Drug-Device and Biologic-Device Combination Products Regulated by CBER and CDER a. FDA will develop staff capacity and ca-pability across the medical product centers and the Office of Combination Products (OCP) to more efficiently, effectively, and consistently review and respond to submis-sions that include combination products. These staff will advance the development of combination products by providing combina-tion product expertise as part of the core re-view team as applicable, and through pro-moting best practices for review of combina-tion products. The additional capacity will include staff who will focus on review of cGMP, engineering aspects, human factors and bridging study protocols and study re-ports, and labeling, to include instructions- for-use materials. b. FDA will streamline the process for combination product review and improve the Agency’s ability to assess workload and allo-cate resources to the review of combination products. i. By no later than December 31, 2017, FDA will complete a lean process mapping for combination product review in order to in-form changes to review work flow to improve the inter-center consultation process. ii. By no later than December 31, 2017, FDA will begin tracking workload and timelines for cross-center consultations to enable ap-propriate allocation of resources and regu-larly assess the progress of combination product review throughout PDUFA VI. iii. By no later than September 30, 2018, for each component within FDA that is con-sulted to participate in review of combina-tion products, FDA will outline in appro-priate internal documents the Agency’s proc-ess for resolving internally any scientific or regulatory issues that arise, as well as a commitment for the medical product centers and OCP to coordinate and complete reviews and related activities when consulted in timelines set forth by PDUFA and other pub-lished documents (e.g., the GRMP guidance and GRMP MAPP). c. FDA will establish Manuals of Policies and Procedures (MAPPs) and Standard Oper-ating Policy and Procedures (SOPPs) to pro-mote efficient, effective, and consistent com-bination product development and review. The documents will describe processes and procedures for conducting review of com-bination products, including the expecta-tions for consultation of internal experts outside the reviewing Center. FDA will de-scribe the responsibilities of staff in each Center and Office, expectations for core re-view team members and for other consultant staff in activities and meetings related to the combination product development pro-gram and application review. FDA will de-fine the key terms to be used by staff in re-view of combination products to foster clear communication within FDA and to regulated industry. The topic areas and expected com-pletion dates of these documents are speci-fied below: i. Human Factors Assessments (March 31, 2019) ii. Quality assessment of combination products, including coordination of facility inspections (September 30, 2019) iii. Patient-oriented labeling, including in-structions-for-use materials for those drug- device and biologic-device combination prod-ucts regulated by CBER and CDER (Sep-tember 30, 2019) d. By no later than December 31, 2018, FDA will make available on FDA’s website key points of contact in OCP and the medical product centers for combination product re-view. FDA agrees to maintain and update this information periodically. e. FDA will establish submission proce-dures for Human Factors protocols no later than September 30, 2018. Beginning in FY 2019, FDA will establish timelines to review and provide comment on the protocols for Human Factors studies of combination drug- device and biologic-device products within 60 days. i. Procedure for review of human factors protocols for combination products: Upon specific request by a sponsor (including spe-cific questions that the sponsor desires to be answered) consistent with the steps below, the Agency will evaluate human factors pro-tocols and issues to assess whether the de-sign is adequate to meet scientific and regu-latory requirements identified by the spon-sor. (1) The sponsor should submit a limited number of specific questions about the human factors protocol design and scientific and regulatory requirements for which the sponsor seeks agreement (e.g., are the study participant groups appropriate to represent intended users, is the study endpoint ade-quate, are the critical tasks that should be evaluated appropriately identified). (2) Within 60 days of Agency receipt of the protocol and specific questions, the Agency will provide a written response to the spon-sor that includes a succinct assessment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.090 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4742 August 2, 2017 
the protocol and answers to the questions posed by the sponsor. If the Agency does not agree that the protocol design, execution plans, and data analyses are adequate to achieve the goals of the sponsor, the reasons for the disagreement will be explained in the response. (3) Performance goals for FDA will be phased in, starting in FY 2019 as follows: a. By FY 2019, review 50% of human factors protocol submissions within 60 days and pro-vide sponsor with written comments. b. By FY 2020, review 70% of human factors protocol submissions within 60 days and pro-vide sponsor with written comments. c. By FY 2021, review 90% of human factors protocol submissions within 60 days and pro-vide sponsor with written comments. f. By no later than December 31, 2018, FDA will begin staff training related to develop-ment, review, and approval of drug-device and biologic-device combination products re-viewed in CDER and CBER. The training will be provided to all CDER, CBER, Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH), and Office of Combination Products (OCP) staff, and will be part of the reviewer train-ing core curriculum. The key purposes of this training include familiarizing review staff with the regulatory requirements and challenges associated with combination product applications and strategies to ad-dress these challenges; promoting best prac-tices for review and regulation of combina-tion products regulated by CDER and CBER, and helping ensure coordination and con-sistent approaches within the Centers in the review and regulation of combination prod-uct applications. The training will also em-phasize the role of various experts in the Centers as members of the review team and OCP’s roles and responsibilities in order to help ensure consistency of scientific and reg-ulatory approaches across applications and review teams. g. FDA will contract with an independent third party to assess current practices for combination drug product review. This study will focus on areas where the needs for inter- center coordination and consistent ap-proaches are greatest, including such areas as the Request-for-Designation, cGMPs/fa-cilities topics, human factors and bridging studies, and labeling. The contractor will be expected to engage both FDA staff and indi-vidual sponsors as part of the assessment. The assessment will be based on a randomly selected subset of combination products in various phases of development. The assess-ment will identify best practices and areas for improvement by FDA review staff and sponsors in the submission and review of combination products for consideration by both FDA and sponsors. FDA will publish the final report of the assessment on FDA’s website no later than the end of FY 2020. FDA will consider the assessment findings regarding best practices on the part of FDA review staff and sponsors in any updates to relevant documents such as MAPPs, SOPPs, and submission procedures for human factors protocols, and in the review and submission of Combination Product applications. h. By the end of FY 2019, FDA will publish draft guidance or update previously pub-lished guidance issued by the medical prod-uct centers and OCP for review staff and in-dustry describing considerations related to drug-device and biologic-device combination product on the topics noted below. The draft guidance(s) will be finalized by the end of FY 2022. i. Bridging studies, including the bridging of data from combination products that em-ploy different device components for the same drug or biologic and the same device component across different drugs and bio-logics. ii. Patient-oriented labeling (e.g., instruc-tions-for-use). 6. Enhancing Use of Real World Evidence for Use in Regulatory Decision-Making As we participate in the current data revo-lution, it is important that FDA consider the possibilities of using so-called ‘‘real world’’ data as an important tool in evaluating not only the safety of medications but also their effectiveness. To accomplish this will require an understanding of what questions to ask, including how such data can be generated and used appropriately in product evalua-tion, what the challenges are to appropriate generation and use of these data, and how to address such challenges. Towards this end, FDA will do the following: a. By no later than the end of FY 2018, FDA will complete one or more public work-shop(s) with key stakeholders, including pa-tients, biopharmaceutical companies, and academia, to gather input into issues related to Real World Evidence (RWE) use in regu-latory decision-making. The workshop(s) should address, among other things, the fol-lowing topics: Benefits to patients, regulators, and bio-pharmaceutical companies of RWE in regu-latory decision making; RWE availability, quality, and access chal-lenges, and approaches to mitigate these; Methodological approaches for the collec-tion, analysis, and communication of RWE; and Appropriate contexts of use of RWE in reg-ulatory decision-making regarding effective-ness. b. By no later than the end of FY 2019, FDA will initiate (or fund by contract), appro-priate activities (e.g., pilot studies or meth-odology development projects) aimed at ad-dressing key outstanding concerns and con-siderations in the use of RWE for regulatory decision making. c. By no later than the end of FY 2021, con-sidering available input, such as from activi-ties noted above, FDA will publish draft guidance on how RWE can contribute to the assessment of safety and effectiveness in reg-ulatory submissions, for example in the ap-proval of new supplemental indications and for the fulfillment of postmarketing commit-ments and requirements. FDA will work to-ward the goal of publishing a revised draft or final guidance within 18 months after the close of the public comment period. J. Enhancing Regulatory Decision Tools to Sup-port Drug Development and Review 1. Enhancing the Incorporation of the Pa-tient’s Voice in Drug Development and Deci-sion-Making To facilitate the advancement and use of systematic approaches to collect and utilize robust and meaningful patient and caregiver input that can more consistently inform drug development and, as appropriate, regu-latory decision making, FDA will conduct the following activities during PDUFA VI: a. FDA will strengthen the staff capacity to facilitate development and use of patient- focused methods to inform drug development and regulatory decisions. This staff, com-posed primarily of clinical, statistical, psy-chometric, and health outcomes research ex-pertise, will be integrated into review teams as core members of the team during drug de-velopment and application review where the sponsor intends to use patient input or clin-ical outcome assessment (COAs) such as pa-tient-reported outcomes (PROs) as part of the development program. A core responsi-bility of the staff will be to engage patient stakeholders and provide timely develop-ment-phase consultations to sponsors devel-oping new tools to collect patient and care-giver input. This additional capacity is ex-pected to advance the science of COA devel-opment and analysis, and the staff will also support the public qualification activities for COAs. b. FDA will develop a series of guidance documents to focus on approaches and meth-ods to bridge from initial patient-focused drug development meetings, like those pi-loted under PDUFA V, to fit-for-purpose tools to collect meaningful patient and care-giver input for ultimate use in regulatory de-cision making. Prior to the issuance of each guidance, as part of the development, FDA will conduct a public workshop to gather input from the wider community of patients, patient advocates, academic researchers, ex-pert practitioners, industry, and other stake-holders. i. By the end of FY 2018, FDA will publish a draft guidance describing approaches to collecting comprehensive and representative patient and caregiver input on burden of dis-ease and current therapy. The guidance will address topics including: standardized no-menclature and terminologies, methods to collect meaningful patient input throughout the drug development process, and methodo-logical considerations for data collection, re-porting, management, and analysis. ii. By the end of FY 2019, FDA will publish a draft guidance describing processes and methodological approaches to development of holistic sets of impacts that are most im-portant to patients. The guidance will ad-dress topics including: methods for sponsors, patient organizations, academic researchers, and expert practitioners to develop and iden-tify what are most important to patients in terms of burden of disease, burden of treat-ment, and other critical aspects. The guid-ance will address how patient input can in-form drug development and review processes, and, as appropriate, regulatory decision making. iii. By the end of FY 2020, FDA will publish a draft guidance describing approaches to identifying and developing measures for an identified set of impacts (e.g., burden of dis-ease and treatment), which may facilitate collection of meaningful patient input in clinical trials. The guidance will address methods to measure impacts in a meaningful way, and identify an appropriate set of meas-ure(s) that matter most to patients. iv. By the end of FY 2021, FDA will publish a draft guidance on clinical outcome assess-ments, which, when final, will, as appro-priate, revise or supplement the 2009 Guid-ance to Industry on Patient-Reported Out-come Measures. The draft guidance will also address technologies that may be used for the collection, capture, storage, and analysis of patient perspective information. The guid-ance will also address methods to better in-corporate clinical outcome assessments into endpoints that are considered significantly robust for regulatory decision-making. v. For each of the above, FDA will work to-ward the goal of publishing a revised draft or final guidance within 18 months after the close of the public comment period on the draft guidance. c. FDA will create and maintain a reposi-tory of publicly available tools on FDA’s website as a resource for stakeholders. The repository will also include FDA’s clinical outcome assessment compendium, patient- focused drug development meeting resources, and ongoing efforts on patient-focused drug development. d. As appropriate, FDA will revise existing MAPPs and SOPPs to include suggested ap-proaches for incorporating an increased pa-tient focus in other on-going or planned FDA public meetings (e.g., FDA scientific work-shops). In addition, as appropriate, FDA will develop and implement staff training related to processes, tools, and methodologies de-scribed in this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.091 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4743 August 2, 2017 
e. By the end of FY 2019, FDA will conduct a public workshop, through a qualified third party, with the primary purpose of gathering ideas and experiences of the patient and caregiver community and their recommenda-tions on approaches and best practices that would enhance patient engagement in clin-ical trials. The meeting may also gather input from sponsors, academic researchers, and expert practitioners. The meeting will result in a published report on proceedings and recommendations from discussions at the meeting. 2. Enhancing Benefit-Risk Assessment in Regulatory Decision-Making FDA will further the agency’s implementa-tion of structured benefit-risk assessment, including the incorporation of the patient’s voice in drug development and decision-mak-ing, in the human drug review program through the following commitments to be accomplished during PDUFA VI: a. By March 31, 2018, FDA will publish an update to the implementation plan titled ‘‘Structured Approach to Benefit-Risk As-sessment in Drug Regulatory Decision-Mak-ing.’’ The update will include a report on the progress made during PDUFA V and a plan for continued implementation during FYs 2018–2022. b. By the end of FY 2019, FDA will convene and/or participate in, at least one meeting, conducted through a qualified third party, to gather industry, patient, researcher, and other stakeholder input on key topics. This would include applying the benefit-risk framework throughout the human drug lifecycle, including best approaches to com-municating FDA’s benefit-risk assessment. c. By the end of FY 2020, FDA will publish a draft guidance on benefit-risk assessments for new drugs and biologics. This guidance will: i. Articulate FDA’s decision-making con-text and framework for benefit-risk assess-ment, illustrating the application of the ben-efit-risk framework throughout the human drug lifecycle, using a case study approach, if appropriate. ii. Discuss appropriate interactions be-tween a sponsor and FDA during drug devel-opment to understand the therapeutic con-text (i.e., the severity of disease that rep-resents the targeted indication and the ex-tent of unmet medical need in the target population) regarding regulatory decisions for the product at the various stages of drug development and evaluation. iii. Discuss appropriate approaches to com-municate to the public FDA’s thinking on a product’s benefit-risk assessment, such as through product-specific discussions using the benefit-risk framework at AC meetings. d. Beginning in FY 2021, FDA will conduct an evaluation of the implementation of the benefit-risk framework in the human drug review program. This evaluation will assess how reviewers across the organization apply the benefit-risk framework and identify best practices in use of the benefit-risk frame-work. The evaluation of the benefit-risk framework implementation conducted in PDUFA V will serve as a baseline for this PDUFA VI assessment. e. As appropriate, FDA will revise relevant MAPPs and SOPPs to include new ap-proaches that incorporate FDA’s benefit-risk framework into the human drug review pro-gram. 3. Advancing Model-Informed Drug Devel-opment To facilitate the development and applica-tion of exposure-based, biological, and statis-tical models derived from preclinical and clinical data sources, herein referred to as ‘‘model-informed drug development’’ (MIDD) approaches, FDA will conduct the following activities during PDUFA VI: a. FDA will develop its regulatory science and review expertise and capacity in MIDD approaches. This staff will support the high-ly-specialized evaluation of model-based strategies and development efforts. b. FDA will convene a series of workshops to identify best practices for MIDD. Topics will include: (1) physiologically-based phar-macokinetic modeling; (2) design analysis and inferences from dose-exposure-response studies; (3) disease progression model devel-opment, including natural history and trial simulation; and (4) immunogenicity and cor-relates of protection for evaluating biologi-cal products, including vaccines and blood products. Each workshop will focus on cur-rent and emerging scientific approaches, in-cluding methodological limitations. FDA will produce a written summary of the topics discussed in each workshop. c. Starting in FY 2018, FDA will conduct a pilot program for MIDD approaches. For sponsors participating in the pilot program, FDA will grant a pair of meetings specifi-cally designed for this pilot program, con-sisting of an initial and a follow-up meeting on the same drug development issues, to occur within a span of approximately 120 days. These meetings will be led by the clin-ical pharmacology or biostatistical review components within CDER or CBER. i. FDA will publish a Federal Register No-tice announcing the pilot program and out-lining the eligibility criteria and process for submitting to FDA requests to participate in the pilot program. ii. FDA will select 2–4 proposals (e.g., 1–2 per Center) quarterly each year. FDA will convene an internal review group to review proposals on a quarterly basis and provide recommendations on prioritization and se-lection of proposals and share knowledge and experience. Program selection will take into account development programs where clin-ical data are limited such that integration across non-traditional sources may be need-ed, and for which MIDD can assess uncer-tainties about issues such as dosing, dura-tion, and patient selection in a way that can inform regulatory decision-making. iii. Sponsors who do not participate in the pilot will have an opportunity to interact with the Agency through traditional chan-nels. d. By end of FY 2019, FDA will publish draft guidance, or revise relevant existing guidance, on model-informed drug develop-ment. e. By end of FY 2021, FDA will develop or revise, as appropriate, relevant MAPPs or SOPPs, and/or review templates and train-ing, to incorporate guidelines for the evalua-tion of MIDD approaches. 4. Enhancing Capacity to Review Complex Innovative Designs To facilitate the advancement and use of complex adaptive, Bayesian, and other novel clinical trial designs, FDA will conduct the following activities during PDUFA VI: a. FDA will develop the staff capacity to enable processes to facilitate appropriate use of these types of methods. This staff will support the computationally intensive re-view work necessary to evaluate complex adaptive, Bayesian, and other novel clinical trial designs, with a particular focus on clin-ical trial designs for which simulations are necessary to evaluate the operating charac-teristics. b. Starting in FY 2018, FDA will conduct a pilot program for highly innovative trial de-signs for which analytically derived prop-erties (e.g., Type I error) may not be feasible, and simulations are necessary to determine trial operating characteristics. For INDs in the pilot program, FDA will grant a pair of meetings specifically designed for this pilot program, consisting of an initial and follow- up meeting on the same design, to occur within a span of approximately 120 days. These meetings will be led by the biostatis-tical review components within CDER or CBER. The opportunity for increased inter-action with the agency will provide better understanding of the agency’s requirements for trial simulations involved in the use of the pilot study design and allow for iteration of design modifications, if needed. In return, FDA’s ability to publicly discuss example de-signs will provide better clarity on the ac-ceptance of different types of trial designs that should facilitate their use in future de-velopment programs. i. FDA will publish a Federal Register No-tice announcing the pilot program, clari-fying pilot program eligibility, and describ-ing the proposal submission and selection process. ii. FDA will select up to 2 proposals (e.g., 1 per Center) quarterly each year. FDA will convene an internal review group to review proposals on a quarterly basis and provide recommendations on prioritization and se-lection of proposals and share knowledge and experience. Program selection will be prioritized based on trial design features and therapeutic areas of high unmet need. iii. To promote innovation in this area, trial designs developed through the pilot pro-gram may be presented by FDA (e.g., in a guidance or public workshop) as case studies, including while the drug studied in the trial has not yet been approved by FDA. Before FDA grants the initial meeting, FDA and the sponsor will agree on the information that FDA may share publicly in these case stud-ies. Participation in the pilot program, in-cluding such agreement on information dis-closure, will be voluntary and at the discre-tion of the sponsor. iv. FDA may periodically review the progress of the pilot program and determine whether it is appropriate to adjust any as-pects of the program. v. Sponsors who do not participate in the pilot will have an opportunity to interact with the Agency through traditional chan-nels. The pilot program will not affect FDA’s existing procedures for providing advice on trial designs. c. By end of 2nd Quarter FY 2018, FDA will convene a public workshop to discuss various complex adaptive, Bayesian, and other novel clinical trial designs, with a particular focus on clinical trial designs for which simula-tions are necessary to evaluate the operating characteristics, and the acceptability of those designs in regulatory decision-making. d. By end of FY 2018, FDA will publish draft guidance on complex adaptive (includ-ing Bayesian adaptive) trial designs. e. By end of FY 2020, FDA will develop or revise, as appropriate, relevant MAPPs, SOPPs and/or review templates and training to incorporate guidelines on evaluating com-plex clinical trial designs that rely on com-puter simulations to determine operating characteristics. 5. Enhancing Capacity to Support Analysis Data Standards for Product Development and Review To support the enhancement of analysis data standards for product development and review in the human drug review program, FDA will conduct the following activities during PDUFA VI: a. FDA will develop the staff capacity to efficiently review and provide feedback to sponsors on the readiness of submitted anal-ysis data sets and programs for statistical review. This staff will support pre- and post- submission discussion of standardized datasets and programs, and maintain the knowledge of and engage in collaborations about standards models used in the design, analysis and review of clinical and non-clin-ical studies. Examples of these standards 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.092 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4744 August 2, 2017 
models could include the Standard for Ex-change of Nonclinical Data (SEND), Clinical Data Acquisition Standards Harmonization (CDASH), Study Data Tabulation Model (SDTM), and Analysis Data Model (ADaM). b. In parallel, FDA will improve staff ca-pacity to assist with FDA development and updating of therapeutic area user guides (TAUGs) to include the appropriate content for the analysis data standards used in sub-mission and review. c. By end of FY 2019, FDA will convene a public workshop to advance the development and application of analysis data standards. d. FDA will collaborate with external stakeholders and participate in public work-shops held by third parties such as standards development organizations, on development of data standards, processes, documentation and continuous improvement of clinical trials and regulatory science. e. By end of FY 2020, FDA will develop or revise, as appropriate, relevant guidance, MAPPs, SOPPs and training associated with submission and utilization of standardized analysis datasets and programs used in re-view, and on the processes, procedures, and responsibilities related to the receipt, han-dling, and documentation of submitted anal-ysis data and programs. 6. Enhancing Drug Development Tools Qualification Pathway for Biomarkers To facilitate the enhancement of the drug development tools qualification pathway for biomarkers, FDA will conduct the following activities during PDUFA VI: a. FDA will develop the staff capacity to enhance biomarker qualification review by increasing base capacity. FDA will also pilot processes to engage external experts to sup-port review of biomarker qualification sub-missions. b. By the end of FY 2018, FDA will convene a public meeting to discuss 1) taxonomy for biomarkers used in drug development, and 2) a framework with appropriate standards and scientific approaches to support biomarkers under the taxonomy, including scientific cri-teria to determine acceptance of a bio-marker qualification submission and essen-tial elements of a formal biomarker quali-fication plan. c. By the end of FY 2018, FDA will publish draft guidance on proposed taxonomy of bio-marker usage and related contexts of use. d. By the end of FY 2020, FDA will publish draft guidance on general evidentiary stand-ards for biomarker qualification to be sup-plemented with focused guidance on specific biomarker uses and contexts. e. FDA will develop or revise, as appro-priate and necessary, relevant MAPPs and SOPPs on the biomarker qualification proc-ess. f. FDA will list biomarker qualification submissions that are in the qualification process on a public website, to be updated quarterly. Inclusion of a submission on this list will be based on the consent of the sub-mitter for FDA to publish information about the submission, including stage and current status of qualification and the proposed use of the biomarker. Following qualification of a biomarker FDA will post reviews and sum-mary documents that outline the qualifica-tion program and data supporting a quali-fication decision. g. Sponsors who do not use this qualifica-tion pathway will have an opportunity to interact with the Agency through tradi-tional channels. K. Enhancement and Modernization of the FDA Drug Safety System FDA will continue to use user fees to en-hance and modernize the current U.S. drug safety system, including adoption of new sci-entific approaches, improving the utility of existing tools for the detection, evaluation, prevention, and mitigation of adverse events, standardization and integration of REMS into the healthcare system, enhancing com-munication and coordination between post-marketing and pre-market review staff, and improving tracking, communication and oversight of postmarketing safety issues. En-hancements to the drug safety system will improve public health by increasing patient protection while continuing to enable access to needed medical products. User fees will provide support for A) ad-vancing postmarketing drug safety evalua-tion through expansion of the Sentinel Sys-tem and integration into FDA pharmacovigilance activities, and B) timely and effective evaluation and communication of postmarketing safety findings related to human drugs. 1. Advancing Postmarketing Drug Safety Evaluation Through Expansion of the Sen-tinel System and Integration into FDA Pharmacovigilance Activities FDA will use user fee funds to conduct a series of activities to systematically imple-ment and integrate Sentinel in FDA pharmacovigilance practices. These activi-ties will involve augmenting the quality and quantity of data available through the Sen-tinel System, improving methods for deter-mining when and how that data is utilized, and comprehensive training of review staff on the use of Sentinel. a. FDA will work toward expanding the Sentinel System’s sources of data and en-hancing the system’s core capabilities. b. FDA will enhance its communication with sponsors and the public regarding gen-eral methodologies for Sentinel queries, in-cluding what the Agency has learned regard-ing the most appropriate ways to query and use Sentinel data. This can be done through enhancement of existing mechanisms and/or greater frequency of such mechanisms. c. FDA will evaluate additional ways to fa-cilitate public and sponsor access to Senti-nel’s distributed data network to conduct safety surveillance. d. By the end of FY 2019, FDA will hold or support a public meeting engaging stake-holders to discuss current and emerging Sen-tinel projects and seek stakeholder feedback and input regarding gaps in the current sys-tem to facilitate the further development of Sentinel and its system of Active Risk Iden-tification and Analysis (ARIA). e. By the end of FY 2020, FDA will estab-lish policies and procedures (MAPPs and SOPPs) to facilitate informing sponsors about the planned use of Sentinel to evalu-ate a safety signal involving their respective products. These MAPPs and SOPPs will ad-dress what types of evaluations and what in-formation about the evaluations will be shared with sponsors, and the timing of such communications. f. By the end of FY 2020, FDA will facili-tate integration of Sentinel into the human drug review program in a systematic, effi-cient, and consistent way through staff de-velopment and by updating existing SOPPs and MAPPs, as needed. g. By the end of FY 2020, FDA will develop a comprehensive training program for review staff (e.g., epidemiologists, statisticians, medical officers, clinical analysts, project managers, and other review team members) to ensure that staff have a working knowl-edge of Sentinel, can identify when Sentinel can inform important regulatory questions, and are able to consistently participate in use of Sentinel to evaluate safety issues. h. By the end of FY 2022, FDA will analyze, and report on the impact of the Sentinel ex-pansion and integration on FDA’s use of Sen-tinel for regulatory purposes, e.g., in the contexts of labeling changes, PMRs, or PMCs. 2. Timely and Effective Evaluation and Communication of Postmarketing Safety Findings Related to Human Drugs FDA will use user fee funds to continue to support the review, oversight, tracking, and communication of postmarketing drug safe-ty issues. a. FDA will make improvements to its cur-rent processes that capture and track infor-mation, including enhancements to its infor-mation technology systems, as needed, in order to support the management and over-sight of postmarketing drug safety issues. b. By the end of FY 2019, FDA will update existing policies and procedures (MAPPs and SOPPs) concerning tracking postmarketing safety signals to include consistent and timely notification to a sponsor (1) when a serious safety signal involving a product is identified and (2) to the extent practicable, not less than 72 hours before public posting of a safety notice under section 921 of the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007. c. By the end of FY 2022, FDA will conduct, or fund by contract, an assessment of how its data systems and processes, as described in MAPPs and SOPPs, support review, over-sight, and communication of postmarketing drug safety issues. 
II. ENHANCING MANAGEMENT OF USER FEE  
RESOURCES  FDA will modernize the user fee structure to improve the predictability of FDA funding and sponsor invoices, improve efficiency by simplifying the administration of user fees, and enhance flexibility of financial mecha-nisms to improve management of PDUFA program funding. FDA is committed to en-hancing management of PDUFA resources and ensuring PDUFA user fee resources are administered, allocated, and reported in an efficient and transparent manner. FDA will conduct a series of resource capacity plan-ning and financial transparency activities to enhance management of PDUFA resources in PDUFA VI. A. Resource Capacity Planning and Modernized Time Reporting FDA is committed to enhancing manage-ment of PDUFA resources in PDUFA VI. FDA will conduct activities to develop a re-source capacity planning function and mod-ernized time reporting approach in PDUFA VI. 1. FDA will publish a PDUFA program re-source capacity planning and modernized time reporting implementation plan no later than the 2nd quarter of FY 2018. FDA will continue to utilize information and rec-ommendations from a third party assess-ment of resource capacity planning, finan-cial analytics, and modernized time report-ing for PDUFA as part of the implementa-tion plan. 2. FDA will staff a resource capacity plan-ning team that will implement and manage a capacity planning system across the PDUFA program in PDUFA VI. 3. FDA will obtain through a contract with an independent accounting or consulting firm an evaluation of options and rec-ommendations for a new methodology to ac-curately assess changes in the resource and capacity needs of the human drug review program. The report will be published no later than end of FY 2020 for public com-ment. Upon review of the report and com-ments, FDA will implement robust meth-odologies for assessing resource needs of the program. This will include the adoption of a new resource capacity adjustment method-ology, in place of the current PDUFA work-load adjuster, that accounts for sustained in-creases in PDUFA workload. 4. FDA recognizes that revenue generated by the workload adjuster and the resource 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.093 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4745 August 2, 2017 
capacity adjustment will be allocated to and used by organizational review components engaged in direct review work to enhance re-sources and expand staff capacity and capa-bility. FDA will document in the annual fi-nancial report how the workload adjuster and resource capacity adjustment fee reve-nues are being utilized. B. Financial Transparency and Efficiency FDA is committed to ensuring PDUFA user fee resources are administered, allo-cated, and reported in an efficient and trans-parent manner. FDA will conduct activities to evaluate the financial administration of the PDUFA program to help identify areas to enhance efficiency. FDA will also conduct activities to enhance transparency of PDUFA program resources. 1. FDA will contract with an independent third party to conduct an evaluation of PDUFA program resource management dur-ing FY 2018 to ensure that PDUFA user fee resources are administered, allocated, and reported in an efficient and transparent manner in PDUFA VI. The study will in-clude, but is not limited, to the following areas: a. Evaluate all components of the PDUFA program resource planning, request, and al-location process from when FDA receives the user fee funds through when funds are spent. The contractor will recommend options to improve the process and data needed to en-hance resource management decisions. b. Assess how FDA administers PDUFA user fees organizationally, including, but not limited to, billing, user fee collection, and execution. The contractor will recommend options to enhance the efficiency of user fee administration. c. Evaluate FDA’s existing PDUFA pro-gram financial and administrative oversight and governance functions. Assess alternative governance models including roles and re-sponsibilities, organizational location, and personnel skill sets required. The contractor will recommend options on the most effec-tive governance model to support the human drug review program. d. Assess FDA’s technical capabilities to conduct effective financial management and planning in the context of generally accept-ed government resource management and planning practices. The contractor will rec-ommend options for the technical capabili-ties needed by financial personnel involved in PDUFA resource management to enhance financial management and planning. e. Evaluate how FDA estimates fee paying units for annual fee setting. The contractor will recommend options to enhance the accu-racy of FDA’s PDUFA user fee estimation methods. 2. FDA will publish a PDUFA 5-year finan-cial plan no later than the 2nd quarter of FY 2018. FDA will publish updates to the 5-year plan no later than the 2nd quarter of each subsequent fiscal year. 3. FDA will convene a public meeting no later than the third quarter of each fiscal year starting in FY 2019 to discuss the PDUFA 5-year financial plan, along with the Agency’s progress in implementing modern-ized time reporting, resource capacity plan-ning, and the modernized user fee structure. 
III. IMPROVING FDA HIRING AND RETENTION OF  
REVIEW STAFF  To speed and improve development of safe and effective new therapies for patients, en-hancements to the human drug review pro-gram require that FDA hire and retain suffi-cient numbers and types of technical and sci-entific experts to efficiently conduct reviews of human drug applications. In order to strengthen this core function and increase the public health impact of new therapies, the FDA will commit to do the following: A. Completion of Modernization of the Hiring System Infrastructure and Augmentation of System Capacity: 1. Complete implementation of FTE-based position management system capability. a. FDA will complete development of Posi-tion Management baseline accounting of all current positions and FTE counts engaged in the human drug review program for each ap-plicable Center and Office including filled and vacant positions, a governance structure for on-going position management that will be accountable to FDA senior management, and Position Management policy and guid-ance ratified by FDA senior management, outlining processes for adding new positions, deleting positions, and changing established positions. b. FDA will complete implementation of the new Position-Based Management Sys-tem. 2. Complete implementation of an online position classification system. a. FDA will finalize the establishment of an online Position Description (PD) library. The library will include all current well-clas-sified PDs and current standardized PDs. Once operational, any new PDs classified using the on-line classification tools, and any newly created standardized PDs, will be stored and accessible within FDA’s PD li-brary and available for FDA-wide use as ap-propriate. 3. Complete implementation of corporate recruiting. a. For key scientific and technical dis-ciplines commonly needed across offices en-gaged in the human drug review program, FDA will complete the transition from the use of individual vacancy announcements for individual offices to expanded use of a com-mon vacancy announcement and certificate of eligible job applicants that can be used by multiple offices. As a part of this effort, FDA will complete the transition from use of indi-vidual announcements that are posted for a limited period to common vacancy an-nouncements with open continuous posting to maximize the opportunity for qualified applicants to apply for these positions. B. Augmentation of Hiring Staff Capacity and Capability In recognition of the chronic and con-tinuing difficulties of recruiting and retain-ing sufficient numbers of qualified Human Resources (HR) staff, FDA will engage a qualified contractor to provide continuous support throughout PDUFA VI to augment the existing FDA HR staff capacity and ca-pabilities. The utilization of a qualified con-tractor will assist FDA in successfully ac-complishing PDUFA goals for recruitment and retention of human drug review program staff. C. Complete Establishment of a Dedicated Func-tion to Ensure Needed Scientific Staffing for Human Drug Review Program 1. Rapid advances in the science and tech-nology of human drug development and man-ufacturing require FDA’s human drug review program staff to keep pace with science and learn innovative methods and techniques for review of new therapies. FDA will complete the establishment of a new dedicated unit within the Office of Medical Products and Tobacco charged with the continuous re-cruiting, staffing, and retention of scientific, technical and professional staff for the proc-ess for the review of human drug applica-tions. a. The unit will continuously develop and implement scientific staff hiring strategies and plans, working closely with the center review offices and the FDA HR office, to meet discipline-specific hiring commitments and other targeted staffing needs. It will function as a scientific-focused recruiter conducting ongoing proactive outreach to source qualified candidates, and conducting competitive recruiting to fill vacancies that require top scientific, technical and profes-sional talent. b. The unit will conduct analyses, no less than annually, of compensation and other factors affecting retention of key staff in targeted disciplines, providing leadership and support for agency compensation over-sight boards that currently exist or may be established as needed to ensure retention of key scientific, technical and professional staff. D. Set Clear Goals for Human Drug Review Pro-gram Hiring 1. FDA will establish priorities for manage-ment of the metric goals for targeted hires within the human drug review program staff for the years of PDUFA VI. These goals for targeted hires are summarized in Table 6 below: 
TABLE 6 
FY 2018 FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021 FY 2022 
CDER ........................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 43 57 45 17 9 CBER ........................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 16 8 7 1 0 Other FDA ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 12 9 6 0 0 
Total FTE ...................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 71 7 4 58 18 9 
2. FDA will confirm progress in the hiring of PDUFA V FTEs. FDA will report on progress against the hiring goals for FY 2018– 2022 on a quarterly basis posting updates to the FDA website PDUFA Performance webpage. E. Comprehensive and Continuous Assessment of Hiring and Retention FDA hiring and retention of staff for the human drug review program will be evalu-ated by a qualified, independent contractor with expertise in assessing HR operations and transformation. This will include contin-uous assessments throughout the course of implementation of the performance initia-tives identified in sections III.A–D, and metrics including, but not limited to, those related to recruiting and retention in the human drug review program including, but not limited to, specifically targeted sci-entific disciplines and levels of experience. The contractor will conduct a comprehensive review of current hiring processes and hiring staff capacity and capabilities that con-tribute to achievement of successes, poten-tial problems, or delays in human drug re-view program staff hiring. This includes the entire hiring function and related capabili-ties. FDA and regulated industry leadership will periodically and regularly assess the progress of hiring and retention throughout PDUFA VI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.095 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4746 August 2, 2017 
1. Initial Assessment: The assessment will include an initial baseline assessment to be conducted and completed no later than De-cember 31, 2017. The initial baseline study will include an evaluation of the current state and provide recommended options to address any identified gaps or areas identi-fied as priorities for improvement, and a study report to be published no later than December 31, 2017. FDA will hold a public meeting no later than December 31, 2017, to present and discuss report findings, and present its specific plans, including agency senior management oversight, and timeline for implementing recommended enhance-ments to be fully operational by no later than December 31, 2018. 2. Interim Assessment: An interim assess-ment will be published by March 31, 2020, for public comment. By June 30, 2020, FDA will hold a public meeting during which the pub-lic may present their views. FDA will discuss the findings of the interim assessment, in-cluding progress relative to program mile-stones and metrics, and other aggregated feedback from internal customers and par-ticipants in HR services that may be in-cluded in the continuous assessment. FDA will also address any issues identified to date including actions proposed to improve the likelihood of success of the program. 3. Final Assessment: A final assessment will be published by December 31, 2021, for public comment. FDA will hold a public meeting by no later than March 30, 2022, dur-ing which the public may present their views. FDA will discuss the findings of the final assessment, including progress relative to program milestones and metrics, and other aggregated feedback from internal cus-tomers and participants in HR services that may be included in the continuous assess-ment. FDA will also address any issues iden-tified and plans for addressing these issues. 
IV. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY GOALS  A. Objective FDA is committed to achieve the long- term goal of improving the predictability and consistency of the electronic submission process (Section IV.B), and enhancing trans-parency and accountability of FDA informa-tion technology related activities (Section IV.C). FDA is pursuing these objectives through IT investments that support the PDUFA program. B. Improve the Predictability and Consistency of PDUFA Electronic Submission Processes 1. Electronic Submission Documentation: By December 31, 2017, FDA will publish and maintain up-to-date documentation for the following: a. The electronic submission process, in-cluding key electronic submission mile-stones and associated sponsor notifications. The description should cover the complete process undergone by a submission from the completion of its upload to the Electronic System Gateway (ESG) through the time the submission is made available to the review team. b. The rejection process for electronic sub-missions. c. The electronic submission validation criteria. d. Software names and versions for Elec-tronic Common Technical Document (eCTD) validation and data validation tools. 2. Electronic Submission and System Sta-tus: By September 30, 2018, FDA will: a. Publish targets for and measure ESG availability overall (including scheduled downtime) and during business hours (8am to 8pm Eastern Time). ESG availability is de-fined for the purposes of this commitment letter as the ability for an external user to complete a submission from each entry point to its delivery to the appropriate FDA Cen-ter. b. Post current ESG operational status on its public website. c. Publish submission instructions to use in the event of an ESG service disruption. 3. By December 31, 2017, FDA will publish target time frames for the 1) expected sub-mission upload duration(s) and 2) timeframe between key milestones and notifications as defined in 1(a). 4. By September 30, 2018, FDA will imple-ment the ability to communicate electronic submission milestone notifications, includ-ing final submission upload status (e.g., suc-cessfully processed or rejected), to sender/ designated contact. 5. FDA will provide expert technical sup-port for electronic submissions to FDA re-view staff for submission navigation and troubleshooting. 6. For those systems that sponsors interact with directly, FDA will invite industry to provide feedback and/or participate in user acceptance testing in advance of imple-menting significant changes that impact in-dustry’s interaction with the system. 7. By December 31, 2017, FDA will docu-ment and implement a process to provide ample advance notification of systems and process changes commensurate with the complexity of the change and the impact to sponsors for ESG scheduled unavailability and user interface changes. C. Enhance Transparency and Accountability of FDA Electronic Submission and Data Standards Activities 1. FDA staff and industry will jointly plan and hold quarterly meetings and will share performance updates prior to each meeting. The meeting will address current challenges and emerging needs. 2. Beginning no later than September 30, 2018, FDA will hold annual public meetings to seek stakeholder input related to elec-tronic submission system past performance, future targets, emerging industry needs and technology initiatives to inform the FDA IT Strategic Plan and published targets. 3. By December 31, 2017, FDA will post, at least annually, historic and current metrics on ESG performance in relation to published targets, characterizations and volume of sub-missions, and standards adoption and con-formance. 4. By December 31, 2017, FDA will incor-porate strategic initiatives in support of PDUFA goals into the FDA IT Strategic Plan. Milestones and metrics for PDUFA ini-tiatives will be included in the plan. The plan will be updated and discussed annually during a meeting described in Section IV.C.1. 5. FDA will: a. Collaborate with Standards Develop-ment Organizations and stakeholders to en-sure long-term sustainability of supported data standards. b. Publish a data standards action plan up-dated at least quarterly. c. Publish and maintain a current FDA Data Standards Catalog. 
V. IMPROVING FDA PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT  A. The Studies Conducted Under This Initiative are Intended to Foster 1. Development of programs to improve ac-cess to internal and external expertise 2. Reviewer development programs, par-ticularly as they relate to the human drug review program 3. Advancing science and use of informa-tion management tools 4. Improving both inter- and intra-Center consistency, efficiency, and effectiveness 5. Improved reporting of management ob-jectives 6. Increased accountability for use of user fee revenues 7. Focused investments on improvements in the process for the review of human drug applications 8. Improved communication between the FDA and industry B. Studies Will Include 1. Assessment of current practices of FDA and sponsors in communicating during drug development as described in Section I.I.1. 2. Assessment of the current practices for combination drug product review as de-scribed in Section I.I.5. 3. Evaluation of how reviewers across the organization apply the benefit-risk frame-work and identify best practices in use of the benefit-risk framework as described in Sec-tion I.J.2. 4. Analysis of the impact of the Sentinel expansion and use for regulatory purposes as described in Section I.K.1. 5. Assessment of how FDA data systems and processes, as described in MAPPs and SOPPs, support review, oversight, and com-munication of postmarketing drug safety issues, as described in Section I.K.2. 6. Evaluation of options and recommenda-tions for a new methodology to accurately assess changes in the resource and capacity needs of the human drug review program as described in Section II.A.3. 7. Evaluation of PDUFA program resource management to ensure that PDUFA user fee resources are administered, allocated, and reported in an efficient and transparent manner in PDUFA VI as described in Section II.B.1. 8. Comprehensive and continuous assess-ment of hiring and retention as described in Section III.E. VI. PROGRESS REPORTING FOR PDUFA VI AND  
CONTINUING PDUFA V INITIATIVES  A. FDA will include in the annual PDUFA Performance Report information on the Agency’s progress in meeting the specific commitments identified in Sections I.I–K of this document. B. FDA will include in the annual PDUFA Financial Report information on the Agen-cy’s progress in the hiring of new staff used to support the new initiatives as identified in Section III. 
VII. DEFINITIONS AND EXPLANATION OF TERMS  1. ‘‘Human drug applications’’ refers to new drug applications submitted under sec-tion 505(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and biologics license applica-tions submitted under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, as defined in the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. 2. ‘‘Human drug review program’’ refers to the activities to conduct ‘‘the process for the review of human drug applications,’’ as de-fined in the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. 3. The term ‘‘review and act on’’ means the issuance of a complete action letter after the complete review of a filed complete applica-tion. The action letter, if it is not an ap-proval, will set forth in detail the specific deficiencies and, where appropriate, the ac-tions necessary to place the application in condition for approval. 4. A resubmitted original application is a complete response to an action letter ad-dressing all identified deficiencies. 5. Class 1 resubmitted applications are ap-plications resubmitted after a complete re-sponse letter (or a not approvable or approv-able letter) that include the following items only (or combinations of these items): a. Final printed labeling b. Draft labeling c. Safety updates submitted in the same format, including tabulations, as the origi-nal safety submission with new data and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.096 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4747 August 2, 2017 
changes highlighted (except when large amounts of new information including im-portant new adverse experiences not pre-viously reported with the product are pre-sented in the resubmission) d. Stability updates to support provisional or final dating periods e. Commitments to perform Phase 4 stud-ies, including proposals for such studies f. Assay validation data g. Final release testing on the last 1–2 lots used to support approval h. A minor reanalysis of data previously submitted to the application i. Other minor clarifying information (de-termined by the Agency as fitting the Class 1 category) j. Other specific items may be added later as the Agency gains experience with the scheme and will be communicated via guid-ance documents to industry 6. Class 2 resubmissions are resubmissions that include any other items, including any items that would require presentation to an advisory committee. 7. The performance goals and procedures also apply to original applications and sup-plements for human drugs initially mar-keted on an over-the-counter (OTC) basis through an NDA or switched from prescrip-tion to OTC status through an NDA or sup-plement. 8. As used in this commitment letter, ‘‘reg-ulatory decision making’’ may include, for example, FDA’s process for making a regu-latory decision regarding a drug or biologi-cal product throughout the product lifecycle, such as during drug development, following FDA’s review of a marketing application, in-cluding review of proposed labeling for the product, or in the post-approval period (e.g., FDA’s decision regarding a supplement to an approved application). 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the commit-ment letter for the Biosimilar User Fee Act, BsUFA, reauthorization for fiscal years 2018 to 2022, known as BsUFA II. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
BIOSIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT REAUTHOR -
IZATION PERFORMANCE GOALS AND PROCE -
DURES FISCAL YEARS 2018 T HROUGH 2022 I. Ensuring the Effectiveness of the Bio-similar Biological Product Review Program A. Review Performance Goals B. Program for Enhanced Review Trans-parency and Communication for Original 351(k) BLAs C. First Cycle Review Management for Supplements with Clinical Data D. Guidance E. Review of Proprietary Names to Reduce Medication Errors F. Major Dispute Resolution G. Clinical Holds H. Special Protocol Question Assessment and Agreement I. Meeting Management Goals II. Advancing Development of Biosimilar Biological Products Through Further Clari-fication of the 351(k) Regulatory Pathway III. Enhancing Capacity for Biosimilar Regulations and Guidance Development, Re-viewer Training, and Timely Communication IV. Enhancing Management of User Fee Resources A. Resource Capacity Planning and Mod-ernized Time Reporting B. Financial Transparency and Efficiency C. Management of Carryover Balance V. Improving FDA Hiring and Retention of Review Staff A. Completion of Modernization of the Hir-ing System Infrastructure and Augmenta-tion of System Capacity B. Augmentation of Hiring Staff Capacity and Capability C. Complete Establishment of a Dedicated Function to Ensure Needed Scientific Staff-ing for Human Drug Review Including for Review of Biosimilar Biological Products D. Set Clear Goals for Biosimilar Biologi-cal Product Review Program Hiring E. Comprehensive and Continuous Assess-ment of Hiring and Retention VI. Definitions and Explanation of Terms BIOSIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT AUTHORIZA -
TION PERFORMANCE GOALS AND PROCEDURES  
FORFISCAL YEARS 2018 T HROUGH 2022 This document contains the performance goals and procedures for the Biosimilar User Fee Act (BsUFA) reauthorization for fiscal years (FYs) 2018–2022, known as BsUFA II. It is commonly referred to as the ‘‘goals letter’’ or ‘‘commitment letter.’’ The goals letter represents the product of FDA’s discussions with the regulated industry and public stakeholders, as mandated by Congress. The performance and procedural goals and other commitments specified in this letter apply to aspects of the biosimilar biological prod-uct review program that are important for facilitating timely access to safe and effec-tive biosimilar medicines for patients. FDA is committed to meeting the performance goals specified in this letter, enhancing man-agement of BsUFA resources, and ensuring BsUFA user fee resources are administered, allocated, and reported in an efficient and transparent manner. Under BsUFA II, FDA is committed to en-suring effective scientific coordination and review consistency, as well as efficient gov-ernance and operations across the biosimilar biological product review program. In addi-tion, FDA is committed to the principles ar-ticulated in the Good Review Management Principles and Practices (GRMP) guidance,1 which FDA intends to update and apply to the review of biosimilar and interchangeable products. FDA and the regulated industry will peri-odically and regularly assess the progress of the biosimilar biological product review pro-gram throughout BsUFA II. This will allow FDA and the regulated industry to identify emerging challenges and develop strategies to address these challenges to ensure the ef-ficiency and effectiveness of the biosimilar biological product review program. 
I. ENSURING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE BIO -
SIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT REVIEW PRO -
GRAM  A. Review Performance Goals 1. Biosimilar Biological Product Applica-tion Submissions and Resubmissions a. Review and act on 90 percent of original biosimilar biological product application submissions within 10 months of the 60 day filing date. b. Review and act on 90 percent of resub-mitted original biosimilar biological product applications within 6 months of receipt. 2. Supplements with Clinical Data a. Review and act on 90 percent of original supplements with clinical data within 10 months of receipt. b. Review and act on 90 percent of resub-mitted supplements with clinical data with-in 6 months of receipt. 3. Original Manufacturing Supplements a. In FY 2018, review and act on 70 percent of manufacturing supplements requiring prior approval within 4 months of receipt. b. In FY 2019, review and act on 75 percent of manufacturing supplements requiring prior approval within 4 months of receipt. c. In FY 2020, review and act on 80 percent of manufacturing supplements requiring prior approval within 4 months of receipt. d. In FY 2021, review and act on 85 percent of manufacturing supplements requiring prior approval within 4 months of receipt. e. In FY 2022, review and act on 90 percent of manufacturing supplements requiring prior approval within 4 months of receipt. f. Review and act on 90 percent of all other manufacturing supplements within 6 months of receipt. 4. Goals Summary Tables 
TABLE 1.—ORIGINAL AND RESUBMITTED APPLICATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTS 
Original Biosimilar Biological Product Application Submissions. 90% in 10 months of the 60 day filing date. Resubmitted Original Biosimilar Bio-logical Product Applications. 90% in 6 months of the receipt date. Original Supplements with Clinical Data. 90% in 10 months of the receipt date. Resubmitted Supplements with Clin-ical Data. 90% in 6 months of the receipt date. 
TABLE 2.—MANUFACTURING SUPPLEMENTS 
Prior approval All other 
Manufacturing Supplements ................................................ •FY 2018: 70% in 4 months of the receipt date .............................................................•FY 2019: 75% in 4 months of the receipt date •FY 2020: 80% in 4 months of the receipt date •FY 2021: 85% in 4 months of the receipt date •FY 2022: 90% in 4 months of the receipt date 90% in 6 months of the receipt date. 
5. Review Performance Goal Extensions a. Major Amendments i. A major amendment to an original appli-cation, supplement with clinical data, or re-submission of any of these applications, sub-mitted at any time during the review cycle, may extend the goal date by three months. ii. A major amendment may include, for example, a major new clinical study report; major re-analysis of previously submitted study(ies); submission of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) with ele-ments to assure safe use (ETASU) not in-cluded in the original application; or signifi-cant amendment to a previously submitted REMS with ETASU. Generally, changes to REMS that do not include ETASU and minor changes to REMS with ETASU will not be considered major amendments. iii. A major amendment to a manufac-turing supplement submitted at any time during the review cycle may extend the goal date by two months. iv. Only one extension can be given per re-view cycle. v. Consistent with the underlying prin-ciples articulated in the GRMP guidance, FDA’s decision to extend the review clock should, except in rare circumstances, be lim-ited to occasions where review of the new in-formation could address outstanding defi-ciencies in the application and lead to ap-proval in the current review cycle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.097 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4748 August 2, 2017 
b. Inspection of Facilities Not Adequately Identified in an Original Application or Sup-plement i. All original applications and supple-ments are expected to include a comprehen-sive and readily located list of all manufac-turing facilities included or referenced in the application or supplement. This list provides FDA with information needed to schedule in-spections of manufacturing facilities that may be necessary before approval of the original application or supplement. ii. If, during FDA’s review of an original application or supplement, the Agency iden-tifies a manufacturing facility that was not included in the comprehensive and readily located list, the goal date may be extended. 1. If FDA identifies the need to inspect a manufacturing facility that is not included as part of the comprehensive and readily lo-cated list in an original application or sup-plement with clinical data, the goal date may be extended by three months. 2. If FDA identifies the need to inspect a manufacturing facility that is not included as part of the comprehensive and readily lo-cated list in a manufacturing supplement, the goal date may be extended by two months. B. Program for Enhanced Review Transparency and Communication for Original 351(k) BLAs To promote transparency and communica-tion between the FDA review team and the applicant, FDA will apply the following model (‘‘the Program’’) to the review of all original Biologics License Applications (BLAs) submitted under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act (‘‘351(k) BLAs’’), including applications that are resubmitted following a Refuse-to-File decision, received from October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2022. The goal of the Program is to promote the efficiency and effectiveness of the first cycle review process and minimize the num-ber of review cycles necessary for approval, ensuring that patients have timely access to safe, effective, and high quality biosimilar and interchangeable biological products. The standard approach for the review of original 351(k) BLAs is described in this sec-tion. However, the FDA review team and the applicant may discuss and reach mutual agreement on an alternative approach to the timing and nature of interactions and infor-mation exchange between the applicant and FDA, i.e., a Formal Communication Plan for the review of the original 351(k) BLA. The Formal Communication Plan may include elements of the standard approach (e.g., a mid-cycle communication or a late-cycle meeting) as well as other interactions that sometimes occur during the review process (e.g., a meeting during the filing period to discuss the application, i.e., an ‘‘application orientation meeting’’). If appropriate, the Formal Communication Plan should specify those elements of the Program that FDA and the sponsor agree are unnecessary for the ap-plication under review. If the review team and the applicant anticipate developing a Formal Communication Plan, the elements of the plan should be discussed and agreed to at the pre-submission meeting (see Section I.B.1) and reflected in the meeting minutes. The Formal Communication Plan may be re-viewed and amended at any time based on the progress of the review and the mutual agreement of the review team and the appli-cant. For example, the review team and the applicant may mutually agree at any time to cancel future specified interactions in the Program (e.g., the late-cycle meeting) that become unnecessary (e.g. because previous communications between the review team and the applicant are sufficient). Any amendments made to the Formal Commu-nication Plan should be consistent with the goal of an efficient and timely first cycle re-view process and not impede the review team’s ability to conduct its review. The remainder of this Section I.B. de-scribes the parameters that will apply to FDA’s review of applications in the Program. 1. Pre-submission meeting: The applicant is strongly encouraged to discuss the planned content of the application with the appropriate FDA review division at a BPD Type 4 (pre–351(k) BLA) meeting. This meet-ing will be attended by the FDA review team, including appropriate senior FDA staff. a. The BPD Type 4 (pre–351(k) BLA) meet-ing should be held sufficiently in advance of the planned submission of the application to allow for meaningful response to FDA feed-back and should generally occur not less than 2 months prior to the planned submis-sion of the application. b. In addition to FDA’s preliminary re-sponses to the applicant’s questions, other potential discussion topics include prelimi-nary discussions regarding the approach to developing the content for REMS, where ap-plicable, patient labeling (e.g., Medication Guide and Instructions For Use) and, where applicable, the development of a Formal Communication Plan. These discussions will be summarized at the conclusion of the meeting and reflected in the FDA meeting minutes. The FDA and the applicant will agree on the content of a complete application for the proposed indication(s) at the pre-submission meeting. The FDA and the applicant may also reach agreement on submission of a lim-ited number of application components not later than 30 calendar days after the submis-sion of the original application. These sub-missions must be of a type that would not be expected to materially impact the ability of the review team to begin its review. These agreements will be summarized at the con-clusion of the meeting and reflected in the FDA meeting minutes. i. Examples of application components that may be appropriate for delayed submis-sion include; stability updates, the final au-dited report of a preclinical study (e.g., toxi-cology) where the final draft report is sub-mitted with the original application, or a limited amount of the data from an assess-ment of a single transition from the ref-erence product to the proposed biosimilar bi-ological product, where applicable. ii. Major components of the application (e.g., the complete analytical similarity as-sessment, the complete study report of a comparative clinical study or the full study report of necessary immunogenicity data) are expected to be submitted with the origi-nal application and are not subject to agree-ment for late submission. 2. Original application submission: Appli-cations are expected to be complete, as agreed between the FDA review team and the applicant at the BPD Type 4 (pre–351(k) BLA) meeting, at the time of original sub-mission of the application. If the applicant does not have a BPD Type 4 (pre–351(k) BLA) meeting with FDA, and no agreement exists between FDA and the applicant on the con-tents of a complete application or delayed submission of certain components of the ap-plication, the applicant’s submission is ex-pected to be complete at the time of original submission. a. All applications are expected to include a comprehensive and readily located list of all clinical sites and manufacturing facilities included or referenced in the application. b. Any components of the application that FDA agreed at the pre-submission meeting could be submitted after the original appli-cation are expected to be received not later than 30 calendar days after receipt of the original application. c. Incomplete applications, including appli-cations with components that are not re-ceived within 30 calendar days after receipt of the original submission, will be subject to a Refuse-to-File decision. d. The following parameters will apply to applications that are subject to a Refuse-to- File decision and are subsequently filed over protest: i. The original submission of the applica-tion will be subject to the review perform-ance goal as described in Section I.A.1.a. ii. The application will not be eligible for the other parameters of the Program (e.g., mid-cycle communication, late-cycle meet-ing). iii. FDA generally will not review amend-ments to the application during any review cycle. FDA also generally will not issue in-formation requests to the applicant during the agency’s review. iv. The resubmission goal described in Sec-tion I.A.1.b will not apply to any resubmis-sion of the application following an FDA complete response action. Any such resub-mission will be reviewed as available re-sources permit. e. Since applications are expected to be complete at the time of submission, unsolic-ited amendments are expected to be rare and not to contain major new information or analyses. Review of unsolicited amendments, including those submitted in response to an FDA communication of deficiencies, will be handled in accordance with the GRMP guid-ance. This guidance includes the underlying principle that FDA will consider the most ef-ficient path toward completion of a com-prehensive review that addresses application deficiencies and leads toward a first cycle approval when possible. 3. Day 74 Letter: FDA will follow existing procedures regarding identification and com-munication of substantive review issues identified during the initial filing review to the applicant in the ‘‘Day 74 letter.’’ If no substantive review issues were identified during the filing review, FDA will so notify the applicant. FDA’s filing review represents a preliminary review of the application and is not indicative of deficiencies that may be identified later in the review cycle. For applications subject to the Program, the timeline for this communication will be within 74 calendar days from the date of FDA receipt of the original submission. The planned timeline for review of the applica-tion included in the Day 74 letter for applica-tions in the Program will include: a. the planned date for the internal mid- cycle review meeting, b. preliminary plans on whether to hold an Advisory Committee (AC) meeting to discuss the application, c. a target date for communication of feed-back from the review division to the appli-cant regarding proposed labeling and any postmarket requirements or postmarket commitments the Agency will be requesting. 4. Review performance goals: For original 351(k) BLA submissions that are filed by FDA under the Program, the BsUFA review clock will begin at the conclusion of the 60 calendar day filing review period that begins on the date of FDA receipt of the original submission. The review performance goals for these applications are as follows: a. Review and act on 90 percent of original 351(k) BLA submissions within 10 months of the 60 day filing date. 5. Mid-Cycle Communication: The FDA Regulatory Project Manager (RPM), and other appropriate members of the FDA re-view team (e.g., Cross Discipline Team Lead-er (CDTL)), will call the applicant, generally within 2 weeks following the Agency’s inter-nal mid-cycle review meeting, to provide the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.077 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4749 August 2, 2017 
applicant with an update on the status of the review of their application. An agenda will be sent to the applicant prior to the mid- cycle communication. Scheduling of the in-ternal mid-cycle review meeting will be han-dled in accordance with the GRMP guidance. The RPM will coordinate the specific date and time of the telephone call with the ap-plicant. The update should include any significant issues identified by the review team to date, any information requests, and information regarding major concerns with the following: a. The analytical similarity data, includ-ing the potential relevance of any issues (e.g. data analysis issues or potential clinical im-pact of observed analytical differences), in-tended to support a demonstration that the proposed biosimilar biological product is highly similar to the reference product. b. The data intended to support a dem-onstration of no clinically meaningful dif-ferences, including discussion of any immunogenicity issues. c. The data intended to support a dem-onstration of interchangeability. d. CMC issues. In addition, the update should include pre-liminary review team thinking regarding the content of the proposed REMS, where appli-cable, proposed date(s) for the late-cycle meeting, updates regarding plans for the AC meeting (if an AC meeting is anticipated), and other projected milestone dates for the remainder of the review cycle. 6. Late-Cycle and Advisory Committee Meetings: A meeting will be held between the FDA review team and the applicant to discuss the status of the review of the appli-cation late in the review cycle. Late-cycle meetings will generally be face-to-face meet-ings; however, the meeting may be held by teleconference if FDA and the applicant agree. Since the application is expected to be complete at the time of submission, FDA in-tends to complete primary and secondary re-views of the application in advance of the planned late-cycle meeting. a. FDA representatives at the late-cycle meeting are expected to include the signa-tory authority for the application, review team members from appropriate disciplines, and appropriate team leaders and/or super-visors from disciplines for which substantive issues have been identified in the review to date. b. For applications that will be discussed at an Advisory Committee (AC) meeting, the following parameters apply: i. FDA intends to convene AC meetings no later than 2 months prior to the BsUFA goal date. The late-cycle meeting will occur not less than 12 calendar days before the date of the AC meeting. ii. FDA intends to provide final questions for the AC to the sponsor and the AC not less than 2 calendar days before the AC meeting. iii. Following an AC meeting, FDA and the applicant may agree on the need to discuss feedback from the committee for the purpose of facilitating the remainder of the review. Such a meeting will generally be held by teleconference without a commitment for formal meeting minutes issued by the agen-cy. c. For applications that will not be dis-cussed at an AC meeting, the late-cycle meeting will generally occur not later than 3 months prior to the BsUFA goal date. d. Late-Cycle Meeting Background Pack-ages: The Agency background package for the late-cycle meeting will be sent to the ap-plicant not less than 10 calendar days before the late-cycle meeting. The package will consist of any discipline review (DR) letters issues to date, a brief memorandum from the review team outlining substantive applica-tion issues (e.g., deficiencies identified by primary and secondary reviews), the Agen-cy’s background package for the AC meeting (incorporated by reference if previously sent to the applicant), potential questions and/or points for discussion for the AC meeting (if planned) and the current assessment of the content of proposed REMS or other risk management actions, where applicable. e. Late-Cycle Meeting Discussion Topics: Potential topics for discussion at the late- cycle meeting include: i. major deficiencies identified to date; ii. analytical similarity data, including the potential relevance of any issues (e.g. data analysis issues or potential clinical impact of observed analytical differences), intended to support a demonstration that the pro-posed biosimilar biological product is highly similar to the reference product; iii. data intended to support a demonstra-tion of no clinically meaningful differences, including discussion of any immunogenicity issues; iv. data intended to support a demonstra-tion of interchangeability; v. CMC issues; vi. inspectional findings identified to date; vii. issues to be discussed at the AC meet-ing (if planned); viii. current assessment of the content of proposed REMS or other risk management actions, where applicable; ix. information requests from the review team to the applicant; and additional data or analyses the applicant may wish to submit. With regard to submission of additional data or analyses, the FDA review team and the applicant will discuss whether such data will be reviewed by the Agency in the cur-rent review cycle and, if so, whether the sub-mission will be considered a major amend-ment and trigger an extension of the BsUFA goal date. 7. Inspections: FDA’s goal is to complete all GCP, GLP, and GMP inspections for ap-plications in the Program within 10 months of the date of original receipt of the applica-tion. This will allow 2 months at the end of the review cycle to attempt to address any deficiencies identified by the inspections. 8. Assessment of the Program: The Pro-gram described in this Section I.B shall be evaluated to determine its impact on the ef-ficiency and effectiveness of the first review cycle for biosimilar biological products. The assessment shall be conducted by an inde-pendent contractor with expertise in assess-ing the quality and efficiency of biopharma-ceutical development and regulatory review programs. The statement of work for this ef-fort will be published for public comment prior to beginning the assessment. The as-sessments will occur continuously through-out the course of the Program. Aspects and other measures of the Pro-gram that will be assessed by the inde-pendent contractor include, but are not lim-ited to the following: adherence by the applicant and FDA to the current GRMP guidance or the GRMP guidance as updated in accordance with Sec-tion I.D, as applicable completeness and quality of the sub-mitted application number of unsolicited amendments sub-mitted by the applicant timing and adequacy of Day 74 letters conduct of the mid-cycle communication any DR letters issued late-cycle meeting background package conduct of the late-cycle meeting time to approval percentage of applications that are ap-proved during the first review cycle percentage of application reviews that are extended due to a major amendment number of review cycles for applications that are ultimately approved time to resubmission for applications that receive a complete response in the first re-view cycle This assessment will also include a de- identified analysis of the issues typically discussed during the mid-cycle communica-tion and the late-cycle meeting and the abil-ity of the additional FDA-applicant commu-nications to (a) achieve resolution of these issues during the remainder of the review clock, or (b) allow the applicant to better prepare for a resubmission of the applica-tion. Following an FDA regulatory action, the independent contractor will conduct sep-arate interviews of the applicant and the FDA review team to understand each party’s perspectives on the review of the applica-tion, including whether issues were or should have been identified at the BPD meetings to facilitate application review. An interim and final assessment of the Program will be published for public com-ment, with each report followed by a public meeting during which public stakeholders may present their views on the success of the Program to date, including the ability of the Program to help ensure that patients have timely access to safe, effective, and high quality biosimilar biological products. Dur-ing each public meeting, FDA and the inde-pendent contractor will discuss the findings of the interim assessment, including anonymized aggregated feedback from spon-sors and FDA review teams resulting from independent contractor interviews. FDA will discuss any issues identified to date includ-ing any proposed plans to improve the likeli-hood of the Program’s success. a. Interim Assessment: An interim assess-ment of the Program will be published by December 31, 2020, and FDA will hold a pub-lic meeting by March 31, 2021. b. Final Assessment: A final assessment of the Program will be published by June 30, 2022, and FDA will hold a public meeting by September 30, 2022. C. First Cycle Review Management for Supple-ments with Clinical Data 1. Notification of Issues Identified during the Filing Review a. Performance Goal: For supplements with clinical data, FDA will report sub-stantive review issues identified during the initial filing review to the applicant by let-ter. b. The timeline for such communication will be within 74 calendar days from the date of FDA receipt of the supplement. c. If no substantive review issues were identified during the filing review, FDA will so notify the applicant. d. FDA’s filing review represents a prelimi-nary review of the application and is not in-dicative of deficiencies that may be identi-fied later in the review cycle. e. FDA will notify the applicant of sub-stantive review issues prior to or on the goal date for 90% of applications. 2. Notification of Planned Review Timelines a. Performance Goal: For supplements with clinical data, FDA will inform the ap-plicant of the planned timeline for review of the application. The information conveyed will include a target date for communication of feedback from the review division to the applicant regarding proposed labeling, post-marketing requirements, and postmarketing commitments the Agency will be requesting. b. The planned review timeline will be in-cluded with the notification of issues identi-fied during the filing review, within 74 cal-endar days from the date of FDA receipt of the original supplement. c. The planned review timelines will be consistent with the GRMP guidance. d. The planned review timeline will be based on the supplement as submitted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.078 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4750 August 2, 2017 
e. FDA will inform the applicant of the planned review timeline for 90% of all sup-plements with clinical data. f. In the event FDA determines that sig-nificant deficiencies in the supplement pre-clude discussion of labeling, postmarketing requirements, or postmarketing commit-ments by the target date identified in the planned review timeline (e.g., significant safety concern(s), need for a new study(ies) or extensive re-analyses of existing data be-fore approval), FDA will communicate this determination to the applicant in accord-ance with GRMPs and no later than the tar-get date. In such cases the planned review timeline will be considered to have been met. Communication of FDA’s determination may occur by letter, teleconference, facsimile, se-cure e-mail, or other expedient means. g. To help expedite the development of bio-similar biological products, communication of the deficiencies identified in the supple-ment may occur through issuance of a DR letter(s) in advance of the planned target date for initiation of discussions regarding labeling, postmarketing requirements, and postmarketing commitments the Agency may request. f. If the applicant submits a major amend-ment(s) (refer to Section I.A.5.a for addi-tional information on major amendments) and the review division chooses to review such amendment(s) during that review cycle, the planned review timeline initially com-municated (under Section I.C.2.a and b) will generally no longer be applicable. Review of unsolicited amendments, including those submitted in response to an FDA commu-nication of deficiencies, will be handled in accordance with the GRMP guidance. This guidance includes the underlying principle that FDA will consider the most efficient path toward completion of a comprehensive review that addresses supplement defi-ciencies and leads toward a first cycle ap-proval when possible. D. Guidance FDA and industry share a commitment to ensuring an efficient and effective first cycle review process for all applications subject to the BsUFA program. This commitment is consistent with the principles articulated in the GRMP guidance, which FDA applies to the review of biosimilar and interchangeable products. FDA will update the GRMP guid-ance during BsUFA II to ensure that it en-compasses all review activities for biosimilar and interchangeable products, including principles regarding notification to appli-cants regarding issues identified during FDA’s initial review of the application, prin-ciples regarding FDA’s notification to appli-cants regarding planned review timelines, and the importance of internal review timelines that govern aspects of biosimilar and interchangeable product review that are not part of BsUFA performance goals. FDA will publish a revised draft guidance for pub-lic comment no later than the end of FY 2018. FDA will work toward the goal of pub-lishing a revised draft or final guidance with-in 18 months after the close of the public comment period. E. Review of Proprietary Names to Reduce Medication Errors To enhance patient safety, FDA is com-mitted to various measures to reduce medi-cation errors related to look-alike and sound-alike proprietary names and such fac-tors as unclear label abbreviations, acro-nyms, dose designations, and error prone label and packaging design. The following performance goals apply to FDA’s review of biosimilar biological product proprietary names during the biosimilar biological prod-uct development (BPD) phase and during FDA’s review of a marketing application: 1. Proprietary Name Review Performance Goals During The BPD Phase a. Review 90% of proprietary name submis-sions filed within 180 days of receipt. Notify sponsor of tentative acceptance or non-ac-ceptance. b. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the sponsor can request recon-sideration by submitting a written rebuttal with supporting data or request a meeting within 60 days to discuss the initial decision (meeting package required). c. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the above review performance goals also would apply to the written request for reconsideration with supporting data or the submission of a new proprietary name. d. A complete submission is required to begin the review clock. 2. Proprietary Name Review Performance Goals During Application Review a. Review 90% of biosimilar biological product proprietary name submissions filed within 90 days of receipt. Notify sponsor of tentative acceptance/non-acceptance. b. A supplemental review will be done meeting the above review performance goals if the proprietary name has been submitted previously (during the BPD phase) and has received tentative acceptance. c. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the sponsor can request recon-sideration by submitting a written rebuttal with supporting data or request a meeting within 60 days to discuss the initial decision (meeting package required). d. If the proprietary name is found to be unacceptable, the above review performance goals apply to the written request for recon-sideration with supporting data or the sub-mission of a new proprietary name. e. A complete submission is required to begin the review clock. F. Major Dispute Resolution 1. Procedure: For procedural or scientific matters involving the review of biosimilar biological product applications and supple-ments (as defined in BsUFA) that cannot be resolved at the signatory authority level (in-cluding a request for reconsideration by the signatory authority after reviewing any ma-terials that are planned to be forwarded with an appeal to the next level), the response to appeals of decisions will occur within 30 cal-endar days of the Center’s receipt of the written appeal. 2. Performance goal: 90% of such responses are provided within 30 calendar days of the Center’s receipt of the written appeal. 3. Conditions: a. Sponsors should first try to resolve the procedural or scientific issue at the signa-tory authority level. If it cannot be resolved at that level, it should be appealed to the next higher organizational level (with a copy to the signatory authority) and then, if nec-essary, to the next higher organizational level. b. Responses should be either verbal (fol-lowed by a written confirmation within 14 calendar days of the verbal notification) or written and should ordinarily be to either grant or deny the appeal. c. If the decision is to deny the appeal, the response should include reasons for the de-nial and any actions the sponsor might take to persuade the Agency to reverse its deci-sion. d. In some cases, further data or further input from others might be needed to reach a decision on the appeal. In these cases, the ‘‘response’’ should be the plan for obtaining that information (e.g., requesting further in-formation from the sponsor, scheduling a meeting with the sponsor, scheduling the issue for discussion at the next scheduled available advisory committee). e. In these cases, once the required infor-mation is received by the Agency (including any advice from an advisory committee), the person to whom the appeal was made, again has 30 calendar days from the receipt of the required information in which to either deny or grant the appeal. f. Again, if the decision is to deny the ap-peal, the response should include the reasons for the denial and any actions the sponsor might take to persuade the Agency to re-verse its decision. g. Note: If the Agency decides to present the issue to an advisory committee and there are not 30 days before the next scheduled ad-visory committee, the issue will be presented at the following scheduled committee meet-ing to allow conformance with advisory com-mittee administrative procedures. G. Clinical Holds 1. Procedure: The Center should respond to a sponsor’s complete response to a clinical hold within 30 days of the Agency’s receipt of the submission of such sponsor response. 2. Performance goal: 90% of such responses are provided within 30 calendar days of the Agency’s receipt of the sponsor’s response. H. Special Protocol Question Assessment and Agreement 1. Procedure: Upon specific request by a sponsor (including specific questions that the sponsor desires to be answered), the Agency will evaluate certain protocols and related issues to assess whether the design is adequate to meet scientific and regulatory requirements identified by the sponsor. a. The sponsor should submit a limited number of specific questions about the pro-tocol design and scientific and regulatory re-quirements for which the sponsor seeks agreement (e.g., are the clinical endpoints adequate to assess whether there are clini-cally meaningful differences between the proposed biosimilar biological product and the reference product). b. Within 45 days of Agency receipt of the protocol and specific questions, the Agency will provide a written response to the spon-sor that includes a succinct assessment of the protocol and answers to the questions posed by the sponsor. If the Agency does not agree that the protocol design, execution plans, and data analyses are adequate to achieve the goals of the sponsor, the reasons for the disagreement will be explained in the response. c. Protocols that qualify for this program include any necessary clinical study or stud-ies to prove biosimilarity and/or inter-changeability (e.g., protocols for pharmaco-kinetics and pharmacodynamics studies, pro-tocols for comparative clinical studies that will form the primary basis for dem-onstrating that there are no clinically mean-ingful differences between the proposed bio-similar biological product and the reference product, and protocols for clinical studies in-tended to support a demonstration of inter-changeability). For such protocols to qualify for this comprehensive protocol assessment, the sponsor must have had a BPD Type 2 or 3 Meeting, as defined in section I.I, below, with the review division so that the division is aware of the developmental context in which the protocol is being reviewed and the questions being answered. d. If a protocol is reviewed under the proc-ess outlined above, and agreement with the Agency is reached on design, execution, and analyses, and if the results of the trial con-ducted under the protocol substantiate the hypothesis of the protocol, the Agency agrees that the data from the protocol can be used as part of the primary basis for ap-proval of the product. The fundamental agreement here is that having agreed to the design, execution, and analyses proposed in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.080 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4751 August 2, 2017 
protocols reviewed under this process, the Agency will not later alter its perspective on the issues of design, execution, or analyses unless public health concerns unrecognized at the time of protocol assessment under this process are evident. 2. Performance goal: 90% of special proto-cols assessments and agreement requests completed and returned to sponsor within 45 days. 3. Reporting: The Agency will track and re-port the number of original special protocol assessments and resubmissions per original special protocol assessment. I. Meeting Management Goals Formal BsUFA meetings between sponsors and FDA consist of Biosimilar Initial Advi-sory and BPD Type 1–4 meetings. These meetings are further described below. A Biosimilar Initial Advisory Meeting is an initial assessment limited to a general discussion regarding whether licensure under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act may be feasible for a particular product, and, if so, general advice on the expected content of the development program. Such term does not include any meeting that in-volves substantive review of summary data or full study reports. A BPD Type 1 Meeting is a meeting which is necessary for an otherwise stalled drug de-velopment program to proceed (e.g. meeting to discuss clinical holds, dispute resolution meeting), a special protocol assessment meeting, or a meeting to address an impor-tant safety issue. A BPD Type 2 Meeting is a meeting to dis-cuss a specific issue (e.g., proposed study de-sign or endpoints) or questions where FDA will provide targeted advice regarding an on-going biosimilar biological product develop-ment program. Such term may include sub-stantive review of summary data, but does not include review of full study reports. A BPD Type 3 Meeting is an in depth data review and advice meeting regarding an on-going biosimilar biological product develop-ment program. Such term includes sub-stantive review of full study reports, FDA advice regarding the similarity between the proposed biosimilar biological product and the reference product, and FDA advice re-garding additional studies, including design and analysis. A BPD Type 4 Meeting is a pre-submission meeting to discuss the format and content of a complete application for an original bio-similar biological product application under the Program or supplement submitted under 351(k) of the PHS Act. The purpose of this meeting is to discuss the format and content of the planned submission and other items, including identification of those studies that the sponsor is relying on to support a dem-onstration of biosimilarity or interchange-ability, discussion of any potential review issues identified based on the information provided, identification of the status of on-going or needed studies to adequately to ad-dress the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), acquainting FDA reviewers with the general information to be submitted in the marketing application (including technical information), and discussion of the best ap-proach to the presentation and formatting of data in the marketing application. 1. Response to Meeting Requests a. Procedure: FDA will notify the re-quester in writing of the date, time, and place for the meeting, as well as expected Center participants following receipt of a formal meeting request and background package. Table 1 below indicates the time-frames for FDA’s response to a meeting re-quest. TABLE 1 
Meeting type Response time (calendar days) 
Biosimilar Initial Advisory ...................................................... 21 BPD Type 1 ............................................................................ 14 BPD Type 2–4 ........................................................................ 21 
For Biosimilar Initial Advisory and BPD Type 2 meetings, the sponsor may request a written response to its questions, rather than a face-to-face meeting, videoconference or teleconference. If a written response is deemed appropriate, FDA will notify the re-quester of the date it intends to send the written response. This date will be con-sistent with the timeframes specified in Table 2 below for the specific meeting type. b. Performance Goal: FDA will respond to meeting requests and provide notification within the response times noted in Table 1 for 90 percent of each meeting type. 2. Scheduling Meetings a. Procedure: FDA will schedule the meet-ing on the next available date at which all applicable Center personnel are available to attend, consistent with the component’s other business; however, the meeting should be scheduled consistent with the type of meeting requested. Table 2 below indicates the timeframes for FDA to schedule the meeting following receipt of a formal meet-ing request and background package, or in the case of a written response for Biosimilar Initial Advisory and BPD Type 2 meetings, the timeframes for the Agency to send the written response. If the requested date for any meeting type is greater than the speci-fied timeframe, the meeting date should be within 14 calendar days of the requested date. 
TABLE 2 
Meeting type Meeting scheduling or written response time 
Biosimilar Ini-tial Advisory.75 calendar days from receipt of meeting request and background package. BPD 2 ............. 90 calendar days from receipt of meeting request and background package. Meeting Scheduling Time                                                                                                                                                                                                                   BPD 1 ............. 30 calendar days from receipt of meeting request and background package. BPD 3 ............. 120 calendar days from receipt of meeting request and background package. BPD 4 ............. 60 calendar days from receipt of meeting request and background package. 
b. Performance goal: 
TABLE 3 
Meeting type Goal 
BPD Type 2 .... FY 2018–2019: 80% of meetings are held or written re-sponses are sent within the timeframe. FY 2020–2022: 90% of meetings are held or written re-sponses are sent within the timeframe. Biosimilar Ini-tial Advisory.90% of meetings are held or written responses are sent within the timeframe. BPD Type 1, 3, and 4.90% of meetings are held within the timeframe for each meeting type. 
3. Preliminary Responses a. Procedure: The Agency will send pre-liminary responses to the sponsor’s ques-tions contained in the background package no later than five calendar days before the face-to-face, videoconference or teleconfer-ence meeting date for BPD Type 2 and Type 3 meetings. b. Performance goal: TABLE 4 
Meeting type 
BPD Type 2 ....•FY 2018: 70% of preliminary responses to questions are issued by FDA no later than five calendar days before the meeting date. •FY 2019, 75% of preliminary responses to questions are issued by FDA no later than five calendar days before the meeting date. •FY 2020, 80% of preliminary responses to questions are issued by FDA no later than five calendar days before the meeting date. •FY 2021, 85% of preliminary responses to questions are issued by FDA no later than five calendar days before the meeting date. •FY 2022, 90% of preliminary responses to questions are issued by FDA no later than five calendar days before the meeting date. BPD Type 3 .... 90% of preliminary responses to questions are issued by FDA no later than five calendar days before the meet-ing date. 
4. Meeting Minutes a. Procedure: The Agency will prepare min-utes which will be available to the sponsor 30 calendar days after the meeting. The min-utes will clearly outline the important agreements, disagreements, issues for fur-ther discussion, and action items from the meeting in bulleted form and need not be in great detail. Meeting minutes are not nec-essary if the Agency transmits a written re-sponse for Biosimilar Initial Advisory and BPD Type 2 meetings. b. Performance Goal: 90% of minutes are issued within 30 calendar days of the date of the meeting. 5. Conditions: For a meeting to qualify for these performance goals: a. A written request and supporting docu-mentation (i.e., the background package) must be submitted to the appropriate review division or office. b. The request must provide: i. A brief statement of the purpose of the meeting, the sponsor’s proposal for the type of meeting, and the sponsor’s proposal for a face-to-face meeting, teleconference, or for a written response (Biosimilar Initial Advisory and BPD Type 2 meetings only); ii. A listing of the specific objectives/out-comes the requester expects from the meet-ing; iii. A proposed agenda, including estimated times needed for each agenda item; iv. A list of questions, grouped by dis-cipline. For each question there should be a brief explanation of the context and purpose of the question. v. A listing of planned external attendees; and vi. A listing of requested participants/dis-ciplines representative(s) from the Center with an explanation for the request as appro-priate. vii. Suggested dates and times (e.g., morn-ing or afternoon) for the meeting that are within or beyond the appropriate time frame of the meeting type being requested. c. The Agency concurs that the meeting will serve a useful purpose (i.e., it is not pre-mature or clearly unnecessary). However, re-quests for BPD Type 2, 3, and 4 Meetings will be honored except in the most unusual cir-cumstances. The Center may determine that a different type of meeting (i.e., Biosimilar Initial Advi-sory, or BPD Type 1–4) is more appropriate and it may grant a meeting of a different type than requested, which may require the payment of a biosimilar biological product development fee as described in section 744H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act before the meeting will be provided. If a bio-similar biological product development fee is required under section 744H, and the sponsor does not pay the fee within the time frame required under section 744H, the meeting will be cancelled. If the sponsor pays the bio-similar biological product development fee after the meeting has been cancelled due to non-payment, the time frame described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.081 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4752 August 2, 2017 
section I.I.1.a will be calculated from the date on which FDA received the payment, not the date on which the sponsor originally submitted the meeting request. Sponsors are encouraged to consult avail-able FDA guidance to obtain further infor-mation on recommended meeting proce-dures. 6. Guidance a. FDA will publish revised draft guidance on Formal Meetings Between the FDA and Biosimilar Biological Product Sponsors or Applicants no later than September 30, 2018. b. FDA will update the current draft or final guidance on Best Practices for Commu-nication Between IND Sponsors and FDA During Drug Development, as appropriate, to apply to communications between IND spon-sors and FDA during biosimilar biological product development. FDA will publish a re-vised draft or final guidance by December 31, 2018. 
II. ADVANCING DEVELOPMENT OF BIOSIMILAR BI -
OLOGICAL PRODUCTS THROUGH FURTHER  
CLARIFICATION OF THE 351(K) REGULATORY  
PATHWAY  A. On or before December 31, 2017, FDA will publish draft guidance describing consider-ations in demonstrating interchangeability with a reference product. FDA will work to-ward the goal of publishing a revised draft or final guidance within 24 months after the close of the public comment period. B. On or before December 31, 2017, FDA will publish draft guidance describing statistical considerations for the analysis of analytic similarity data intended to support a dem-onstration of ‘‘highly similar’’ for biosimilar biological products. FDA will work toward the goal of publishing a revised draft or final guidance within 18 months after the close of the public comment period. C. On or before March 31, 2019, FDA will publish draft guidance describing processes and further considerations related to post- approval manufacturing changes for bio-similar biological products. FDA will work toward the goal of publishing a revised draft or final guidance within 18 months after the close of the public comment period. D. FDA will work towards the goal of pub-lishing revised draft guidance or final guid-ance documents on or before May 31, 2019 for draft guidances published between January 1, 2014 and September 30, 2017, other than those described in (II.A–C). These draft guid-ances will include: 1. Clinical Pharmacology Data to Support a Demonstration of Biosimilarity to a Ref-erence Product (draft guidance published in May 2014) 2. Nonproprietary Naming of Biological Products (draft guidance published in August 2015) 3. Labeling for Biosimilar Biological Prod-ucts (draft guidance published in March 2016) 
III. ENHANCING CAPACITY FOR BIOSIMILAR REGU -
LATIONS AND GUIDANCE DEVELOPMENT , RE-
VIEWER TRAINING , AND TIMELY COMMUNICA -
TION A. FDA will strengthen the staff capacity to develop new regulations and guidance to clarify scientific criteria for biosimilar de-velopment and approval to provide certainty to industry and other stakeholders related to key regulatory issues including the scope of eligible biosimilar biological products. B. FDA will strengthen staff capacity to develop or revise MaPPs, SOPPs, and review templates to facilitate rapid update and ap-plication of new policies and guidance by re-view staff, and to develop and deliver timely comprehensive training to all CDER and CBER review staff and special government employees involved in the review of 351(k) BLAs. C. FDA will strengthen staff capacity to deliver timely information to the public to improve public understanding of biosimi-larity and interchangeability. D. FDA will strengthen staff capacity to deliver information concerning the date of first licensure and the reference product ex-clusivity expiry date, to be included in the Purple Book. FDA will update the Purple Book to in-clude the following information: the BLA number, product name, proprietary name, date of licensure, interchangeable or bio-similar determination, and whether the BLA has been withdrawn. FDA will update this information in the Purple Book within 30 days after approval or withdrawal. In addi-tion, within 30 days after FDA determines the date of first licensure, the date of first li-censure and the reference product exclu-sivity expiry date will be included in the Purple Book. IV. ENHANCING MANAGEMENT OF USER FEE  
RESOURCES  FDA will establish an independent user fee structure and fee amounts to ensure stable and predictable user fee funding, improve the predictability of FDA funding and sponsor invoices, improve efficiency by simplifying the administration of user fees, and enhance flexibility of financial mechanisms to im-prove management of BsUFA program fund-ing. FDA is committed to enhancing man-agement of BsUFA resources and ensuring BsUFA user fee resources are administered, allocated, and reported in an efficient and transparent manner. FDA will conduct a se-ries of resource capacity planning and finan-cial transparency activities to enhance man-agement of BsUFA resources in BsUFA II. A. Resource Capacity Planning and Modernized Time Reporting FDA is committed to enhancing manage-ment of BsUFA resources in BsUFA II. FDA will conduct activities to develop a resource capacity planning function and modernized time reporting approach in BsUFA II. 1. FDA will publish a resource capacity planning and modernized time reporting im-plementation plan that includes BsUFA no later than the 2nd quarter of FY 2018. FDA will continue to utilize information and rec-ommendations from a third party assess-ment of resource capacity planning, finan-cial analytics, and modernized time report-ing for BsUFA as part of the implementation plan. 2. FDA will staff a resource capacity plan-ning team that will implement and manage a capacity planning system across the BsUFA program in BsUFA II. 3. FDA will obtain through a contract with an independent accounting or consulting firm an evaluation of options and rec-ommendations for a new methodology to ac-curately assess changes in the resource and capacity needs of the biosimilar biological product review program. The BsUFA evalua-tion will be conducted under the same con-tract and by the same independent account-ing or consulting firm that will evaluate op-tions and recommendations for a new meth-odology to accurately assess changes in the resource and capacity needs of the human drug review program in PDUFA VI. The re-port will be published no later than end of FY 2020 for public comment. Upon review of the report and comments, FDA will imple-ment robust methodologies for assessing re-source needs of the program. This will in-clude the adoption of a new resource capac-ity adjustment methodology that accounts for sustained increases in BsUFA workload. 4. FDA recognizes that revenue generated by the capacity adjustment will be allocated to and used by organizational review compo-nents engaged in direct review work to en-hance resources and expand staff capacity and capability. FDA will document in the annual financial report how the capacity ad-justment fee revenues are being utilized. B. Financial Transparency and Efficiency FDA is committed to ensuring BsUFA user fee resources are administered, allocated, and reported in an efficient and transparent manner. FDA will conduct activities to evaluate the financial administration of the BsUFA program to help identify areas to en-hance efficiency. FDA will also conduct ac-tivities to enhance transparency of BsUFA program resources. 1. FDA will contract with an independent third party to conduct an evaluation of BsUFA program resource management dur-ing FY 2018 to ensure that BsUFA user fee resources are administered, allocated, and reported in an efficient and transparent manner in BsUFA II. The BsUFA evaluation will be conducted under the same contract and by the same independent third party that will conduct an evaluation of the PDUFA program resource management. The study will include, but is not limited to, the following areas: a. Evaluate all components of the BsUFA program resource planning, request, and al-location process from when FDA receives the user fee funds through when funds are spent. The contractor will recommend options to improve the process and data needed to en-hance resource management decisions. b. Assess how FDA administers BsUFA user fees organizationally, including, but not limited to, billing, user fee collection, and execution. The contractor will recommend options to enhance the efficiency of user fee administration. c. Evaluate FDA’s existing BsUFA pro-gram financial and administrative oversight and governance functions. Assess alternative governance models including roles and re-sponsibilities, organizational location, and personnel skill sets required. The contractor will recommend options on the most effec-tive governance model to support the bio-similar biological product review program. d. Assess FDA’s technical capabilities to conduct effective financial management and planning in the context of generally accept-ed government resource management and planning practices. The contractor will rec-ommend options for the technical capabili-ties needed by financial personnel involved in BsUFA resource management to enhance financial management and planning. 2. FDA will publish a BsUFA five-year fi-nancial plan no later than the 2nd quarter of FY 2018. FDA will publish updates to the five-year plan no later than the 2nd quarter of each subsequent fiscal year. 3. FDA will convene a public meeting no later than the third quarter of each fiscal year starting in FY 2019 to discuss the BsUFA five-year financial plan, report on the contribution of the BsUFA spending trig-ger to the BsUFA program, along with the Agency’s progress in implementing modern-ized time reporting, resource capacity plan-ning, and the modernized user fee structure. C. Management of Carryover Balance FDA is committed to reducing the carry-over balance to no greater than 21 weeks of the FY 2022 target revenue by the end of FY 2022. However, if FDA is unable to reduce the carryover balance to no greater than 21 weeks during the final year (e.g., over collec-tions in FY 2022 that increase the carryover balance beyond 21 weeks), FDA will (1) out-line its plan to reduce the carryover balance to no greater than 21 weeks in the FY 2022 BsUFA financial report and (2) update the BsUFA five-year financial plan. 
V. IMPROVING FDA HIRING AND RETENTION OF  
REVIEW STAFF  To speed and improve development of safe and effective biosimilar biological products 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.082 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4753 August 2, 2017 
for patients, enhancements to the biosimilar biological review program require that FDA hire and retain sufficient numbers and types of technical and scientific experts to effi-ciently conduct reviews of 351(k) applica-tions. In order to strengthen this core func-tion and increase public access to biosimilar biological products, the FDA will commit to do the following: A. Completion of Modernization of the Hiring System Infrastructure and Augmentation of System Capacity 1. Complete implementation of FTE-based position management system capability. a. FDA will complete development of posi-tion management baseline accounting of all current positions and FTE counts engaged in the biosimilar biological product review pro-gram for each applicable Center and Office including filled and vacant positions, a gov-ernance structure for on-going position man-agement that will be accountable to FDA senior management, and position manage-ment policy and guidelines ratified by FDA senior management, outlining processes for adding new positions, deleting positions, and changing established positions. b. FDA will complete implementation of the new position-based management system. 2. Complete implementation of an online position classification system a. FDA will finalize the establishment of an online Position Description (PD) library. The library will include all current well-clas-sified PDs and current standardized PDs. Once operational, any new PDs classified using the on-line classification tools, and any newly created standardized PDs, will be stored and accessible within FDA’s PD li-brary and available for FDA-wide use as ap-propriate. 3. Complete implementation of corporate recruiting a. For key scientific and technical dis-ciplines commonly needed across offices en-gaged in the biosimilar biological product re-view program, FDA will complete the transi-tion from the use of individual vacancy an-nouncements for individual offices to ex-panded use of a common vacancy announce-ment and certificate of eligible job appli-cants that can be used by multiple offices. As a part of this effort, FDA will complete the transition from use of individual an-nouncements that are posted for a limited period to common vacancy announcements with open continuous posting to maximize the opportunity for qualified applicants to apply for these positions. B. Augmentation of Hiring Staff Capacity and Capability In recognition of the chronic and con-tinuing difficulties of recruiting and retain-ing sufficient numbers of qualified Human Resources (HR) staff, FDA will engage a qualified contractor to provide continuous support throughout BsUFA II to augment the existing FDA HR staff capacity and ca-pabilities. The utilization of a qualified con-tractor will assist FDA in successfully ac-complishing BsUFA II goals for recruitment and retention of biosimilar biological prod-uct review program staff. C. Complete Establishment of a Dedicated Func-tion to Ensure Needed Scientific Staffing for Human Drug Review Including for Review of Biosimilar Biological Products 1. Rapid advances in the science and tech-nology of biosimilar biological product de-velopment and manufacturing require FDA’s biosimilar biological product review program staff to keep pace with science and learn in-novative methods and techniques for review of new therapies. FDA will complete the es-tablishment of a new dedicated unit within the Office of Medical Products and Tobacco charged with the continuous recruiting, staffing, and retention of scientific, tech-nical, and professional staff for the PDUFA and BsUFA review programs. a. The unit will continuously develop and implement scientific staff hiring strategies and plans, working closely with the center review offices and the FDA HR office, to meet discipline-specific hiring commitments and other targeted staffing needs. It will function as a scientific-focused recruiter conducting ongoing proactive outreach to source qualified candidates, and conducting competitive recruiting to fill vacancies that require top scientific, technical, and profes-sional talent. b. The unit will conduct analyses, no less than annually, of compensation and other factors affecting retention of key staff in targeted disciplines and provide leadership and support for agency compensation over-sight boards that currently exist or may be established as needed to ensure retention of key scientific, technical, and professional staff. D. Set Clear Goals for Biosimilar Biological Product Review Program Hiring 1. FDA will establish priorities for manage-ment of the metric goals for targeted hires within the biosimilar biological product re-view program staff for BsUFA II. In par-ticular, FDA will target hiring 15 FTE in FY 2018, to enhance capacity for biosimilar guid-ance development, reviewer training, and timely communication. 2. FDA will confirm progress in the hiring of BsUFA I FTEs. FDA will report on progress against the hiring goal for BsUFA II on a quarterly basis posting updates to the FDA website BsUFA Performance webpage. E. Comprehensive and Continuous Assessment of Hiring and Retention FDA hiring and retention of staff for the biosimilar biological product review program will be evaluated by a qualified, independent contractor with expertise in assessing HR operations and transformation. The BsUFA II assessment will be conducted under the same contract and by the same independent contractor that will conduct the assessment related to hiring and retention of staff for the human drug review program in PDUFA VI. It will include continuous assessments throughout the course of implementation of the performance initiatives identified in Sec-tions V.A–D, and metrics including, but not limited to, those related to recruiting and retention in the PDUFA and BsUFA review programs including, but not limited to, spe-cifically targeted scientific disciplines and levels of experience. The contractor will con-duct a comprehensive review of current hir-ing processes and hiring staff capacity and capabilities that contribute to achievement of successes, potential problems, or delays in PDUFA or BsUFA review program staff hir-ing. This includes the entire hiring function and related capabilities. FDA and regulated industry leadership will periodically and reg-ularly assess the progress of hiring and re-tention throughout BsUFA II. 1. Initial Assessment: The assessment will include an initial baseline assessment to be conducted and completed no later than De-cember 31, 2017. The initial baseline study will include an evaluation of the current state and provide recommended options to address any identified gaps or areas identi-fied as priorities for improvement, and a study report to be published no later than December 31, 2017. FDA will hold a public meeting no later than December 31, 2017, to present and discuss report findings, and present its specific plans, including agency senior management oversight, and timeline for implementing recommended enhance-ments to be fully operational by no later than December 31, 2018. 2. Interim Assessment: An interim assess-ment will be published by March 31, 2020, for public comment. By June 30, 2020, FDA will hold a public meeting during which the pub-lic may present their views. FDA will discuss the findings of the interim assessment, in-cluding progress relative to program mile-stones and metrics, and other aggregated feedback from internal customers and par-ticipants in HR services that may be in-cluded in the continuous assessment. FDA will also address any issues identified to date including actions proposed to improve the likelihood of success of the program. 3. Final Assessment: A final assessment will be published by December 31, 2021, for public comment. FDA will hold a public meeting by no later than March 30, 2022, dur-ing which the public may present their views. FDA will discuss the findings of the final assessment, including progress relative to program milestones and metrics, and other aggregated feedback from internal cus-tomers and participants in HR services that may be included in the continuous assess-ment. FDA will also address any issues iden-tified and plans for addressing these issues. 
V. DEFINITIONS AND EXPLANATION OF TERMS  A. The term ‘‘review and act on’’ means the issuance of a complete action letter after the complete review of a filed complete ap-plication. The action letter, if it is not an approval, will set forth in detail the specific deficiencies and, where appropriate, the ac-tions necessary to place the application in condition for approval. B. A resubmitted original application is a complete response to an action letter ad-dressing all identified deficiencies. f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stip-ulates that, in the Senate, the notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter ref-erences a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–38, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Australia for defense articles and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.083 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4754 August 2, 2017 
services estimated to cost $108.7 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , Acting Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–38 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Australia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment *$0.0 million Other $108.7 million Total $108.7 million (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None Non-MDE includes: One thousand nine hundred fifty-two (1,952) ALE–70(V)/T–1687A Electronic Towed Decoy Countermeasures, publications and technical documentation, other technical assistance, U.S. Government and contractor engineer-ing, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (XX–P– AMN Al) (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 02, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Australia—ALE–70 Radio Frequency Countermeasures (RFCM) The Government of Australia has re-quested the possible sale of one thousand nine hundred fifty-two (1,952) ALE–70(V)/T– 1687A Electronic Towed Decoy Counter-measures, publications and technical docu-mentation, other technical assistance, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. The total estimated program cost is $108.7 million. This sale will contribute to the foreign pol-icy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a major non-NATO ally and continues to be an important force for political stability, se-curity, and economic development in the Western Pacific. It is vital to the U.S. na-tional interest to assist our ally in devel-oping and maintaining a strong and ready self-defense capability. The proposed sale will improve Australia’s F–35 survivability and will enhance its capa-bility to deter global threats, strengthen its homeland defense, and cooperate in coalition defense initiatives. Australia will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be British Aerospace Enterprise (BAE), Nashua, NH. There are no offsets proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Australia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–38 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The ALE–70 is a towed radio frequency countermeasure designed for deployment from the F–35 aircraft and is comprised of electronic and mechanical sub-assemblies to accomplish the intended purpose. The ALE– 70 consists of three major components: the reel/launcher assembly, the tow line, and the T–1687 countermeasure transmitter. Upon de-ployment from the aircraft, the counter-measure transmitter is reeled out to a pre-scribed distance, held in tow behind the jet by the tow line and emits waveforms in re-sponse to commands from the counter-measure controller located in the jet. The waveforms are utilized to confuse or decoy adversary radars or radar guided weapons. Designed and produced by BAE Systems of Nashua, New Hampshire, the ALE–70 em-ploys amplifiers based on Gallium Nitride (GaN) technology to meet stringent output requirements. 2. The ALE–70 generates, amplifies, and transmits signals in response to commands from the countermeasures controller which remains aboard the jet. Neither the counter-measure transmitter nor the reel/launcher assembly contains stored information or software representing critical program infor-mation. As the ALE–70 contains no software or stored waveforms/techniques, Anti-Tam-pering security measures are not required. ALE–70 hardware is classified SECRET to protect specific data elements associated with the performance of the countermeasure. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent system which might reduce system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or ad-vanced capabilities. 4. A determination has been made that Australia can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Australia. D
EFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–55, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Federal Republic of Nigeria for defense articles and services estimated to cost $593 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , Acting Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–55 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Federal Re-public of Nigeria (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment $29 million Other $564 million Total $593 million (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One hundred (100) GBU–12 (500lb) Paveway II (PW–II) Tailkits One hundred (100) GBU–58 (250lb) PW–II Tailkits Four hundred (400) Laser Guided Rockets including Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) Two thousand (2,000) MK–81 (250lb) bombs Five thousand (5,000) 2.75 inch Hydra 70 Unguided Rockets (70mm rockets) One thousand (1,000) 2.75 inch Hydra 70 Unguided Rockets (practice) Twenty thousand (20,000) Rounds, .50 Cal-iber Machine Gun Ammo Non-Major Defense Equipment (MDE): This request also includes the following Non- MDE: Twelve (12) A–29 Super Tucano air-craft, seven (7) AN/AAQ–22F Electro-Optical/ Infrared (EO/IR) Sensor and Laser Designa-tors, Initial Spares, Readiness Spares Pack-age, Consumables, Support Equipment, Technical Data, Repair and Return Support, Facilities infrastructure and hangar con-struction, Night Vision Devices (NVDs), Con-tract Logistics Services (CLS), Contractor Provided Familiarization and Training, USG Manpower and Services, Field Service Rep-resentatives, Training Services (pilot train-ing, USAF training, early A–29 training, flight leader upgrade training, travel and liv-ing allowance, maintenance training, spe-cialized training, computer-based training, night vision device training, human rights and international humanitarian law, and munitions training), Training Simulators, Air Worthiness Support, Forward Operating Base Facilities, Forward Operating Location Support, Ferrying, and Non-recurring Engi-neering. Additionally, all aircraft will in-clude weapons software to support forward looking infrared sensors (FLIRs), ancillary system. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X8–D– SAB) (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: Aug 02 2017 *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Nigeria—A–29 Super Tucano Aircraft, Weap-ons and Associated Support The Government of Nigeria requests twelve (12) A–29 Super Tucano aircraft and weapons, including all associated training, spare parts, aviation and ground support equip-ment, and hangar, facilities, and infrastruc-ture required to support the program. The estimated total case value is $593 million. These aircraft will support Nigerian mili-tary operations against terrorist organiza-tion Boko Haram and to counter illicit traf-ficking in Nigeria and the Gulf of Guinea. The Super Tucano is a sustainable platform for counterterrorism, counter insurgency, border surveillance, and illicit trade inter-diction operations. The proposed sale will support U.S. foreign policy objectives by helping Nigeria to meet shared counterter-rorism objectives for the region. This pro-posed sale will strengthen the U.S. security relationship with Africa’s largest democ-racy. Nigeria will have no difficulty absorb-ing these aircraft into its armed forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.059 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4755 August 2, 2017 
The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor is the Sierra Nevada Corporation, headquartered in Centennial, Colorado. There are no known offset agree-ments proposed in connection with this po-tential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of U.S. Government or contractor representatives to Nigeria for mobile training teams and contract logistic support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–55 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This sale involves the release of sen-sitive weapons software technology informa-tion to Nigeria. Software associated with the following weapons will be included in the aircraft operational flight program to sup-port a future weapons capability. 2. Sensitive and/or classified (up to SE-CRET) elements of the proposed A–29 sale to Nigeria includes the hardware and associated software with: Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) laser guided rock-ets, Guided Bomb Unit (GBU)–12/58 Paveway II laser guided tail kits, and Mark (MK)–81/82 general purpose bombs. 3. The Hydra 70 Rocket System is a mod-ernized version of the 2.75 inch (70 mm) unguided rocket body with the MK66 Rocket Motor. 4. The APKWS is a low cost semi-active laser guidance kit developed by BAE Sys-tems which is added to current unguided 70 mm rocket motors and warheads similar to and including the Hydra 70 rocket. It is a low collateral damage weapon that can effec-tively strike both soft and lightly armored targets. APKWS turns a standard unguided 2.75 inch (70 mm) rocket into a precision laser-guided rocket, classification up to SE-CRET. 5. GBU–12/58 Paveway II (PW–II) Tailkits: 500–lb (GBU–12) and 250–lb (GBU–58) are laser-guided ballistic bombs (LGBs) devel-oped by Raytheon and Lockheed Martin. The LGB is a maneuverable, free-fall weapon that guides to a spot of laser energy reflected off of the target. The LGB is delivered like a normal general purpose (GP) warhead and the semi-active guidance corrects for many of the normal errors inherent in any delivery system. Laser designation for the weapon can be provided by a variety of laser target markers or designators. The tailkit consists of a laser guidance kit, a computer control group (CCG) and a warhead specific Air Foil Group (AFG), that attach to the nose and tail of MK 81 and MK 82 General Purpose (GP) bomb bodies to create an LGB. This sale includes the tailkits to transform Nige-ria’s existing 500-lb and 250-lb GP bomb bod-ies into GBU–12s and GBU–58s respectively. Nigeria is also buying additional GBU–58s, 250-lb (MK–81) guided bombs. The overall weapon is CONFIDENTIAL. 6. AN/AAQ–22F Brite Star Electro-Optical/ Infrared (EO/IR) Multi-Sensor Targeting System developed by FLIR. The system is a five field-of-view (FOV) large format thermal imager, three FOV color daylight camera with laser designator for terminal guidance of LGBs and IR-guided rockets. The system is classified as UNCLASSIFIED. 7. This sale is necessary in furtherance of U.S. foreign policy and national security ob-jectives outlined in the Policy Justification. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 8. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Nigeria. f CONFIRMATION OF CHRISTOPHER WRAY Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to voice my support for Chris-topher Wray’s confirmation to be the next Director of the FBI. After meeting with Mr. Wray and reviewing his record, I believe he possesses the inde-pendence and integrity necessary to lead the Bureau through this tumul-tuous period. This vacancy arose because President Trump abruptly fired then-Director James Comey. The circumstances sur-rounding Mr. Comey’s firing are alarm-ing and suspicious. Mr. Comey testified under oath that the President not only demanded his personal loyalty on nu-merous occasions but also intimated that Mr. Comey should stop inves-tigating then-National Security Advi-sor Michael Flynn and Russian inter-ference in the 2016 elections. Mr. Wray will face numerous chal-lenges as the new Director of the FBI. He will have to deal with a President who has shown a complete disregard for traditional protocols designed to ensure the agency’s independence. Dur-ing our meeting, Mr. Wray assured me that he would remain independent from the President and would reject any at-tempts by President Trump to inappro-priately intervene in the work of the FBI. During our meeting, I also impressed upon Mr. Wray the importance of con-solidating the FBI’s staff in one build-ing. The FBI has long outgrown its cur-rent space and the building is deterio-rating, which compromises the agen-cy’s mission. I look forward to working with him to give FBI personnel the fa-cilities they deserve. As Mr. Wray takes his position, he will need to work immediately to af-firm the FBI’s independence and re-store the confidence of an agency shak-en by the President’s inappropriate conduct with respect to Mr. Comey and other matters. This Congress must con-duct vigorous oversight to ensure that Mr. Wray maintains the high standard of integrity that he has promised and to respond to any attempts by the President or his political advisors to exert undue influence at the FBI. I pledge to do everything I can to sup-port his important mission and the vital work of the FBI. 
f 
U.S.-CUBA TRADE ACT OF 2017 Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to propose a new day in U.S. rela-tions with the country of Cuba. With his recent imposition of new restric-tions, the President presented one vi-sion of that relationship—one that looks backwards and reverts to a failed policy of isolation that has done noth-ing to improve the lives of the Cuban people and has harmed the American economy. I would like to present an al-ternative vision—one that looks to the future and at fostering the exchange of ideas and commerce between the two countries. It is often noted that Cuba is less than 100 miles away, but decades be-hind the United States, in no small part because of the U.S. embargo. Dec-ades of the same, tired, failing eco-nomic policies left the Cuban Govern-ment in place and only hurt the Cuban people and American farmers and man-ufacturers. As Cuban-American relations thawed under Presidents Bush and Obama, the Cuban Government decided to try something different. Private entre-preneurs are operating an increasing number of restaurants, taxis, and other tourist-related businesses. Cubans are opening up their homes for visitors to stay in and selling products directly to visiting Americans. In addition, the government’s grip on information and communication is necessarily weak-ening as technology and the Internet inevitably permeate the country. The U.S. has come a long way since the 1990s and hardly resembles the world of the 1960s. Our policies toward Cuba should reflect that change. The U.S.-Cuba Trade Act of 2017 would com-pletely remove the architecture of sanctions against Cuba and establish normal trade relations with that coun-try. I want to be clear that this is not a free pass for the Cuban Government. I continue to have grave concerns about its suppression of pro-democracy move-ments, but I reject the view that con-tinuing to try and ostracize Cuba will bring positive change. The past five decades provide empirical evidence that it will not. I also reject the cyn-ical argument that the U.S. must choose between engagement with Cuba and support for basic human rights and dignity. Indeed, if the past half century has shown us anything, it is that smart, principled engagement is the way to bring about greater economic and political freedom for the Cuban people. Just as important as what the em-bargo means for the Cuban people is what it means for U.S. farmers and businesses. Even with the changes made by the Obama administration, it remains almost impossible to do busi-ness in Cuba. Cuba is a natural cus-tomer of the United States, but restric-tions on credit and travel, among oth-ers, have severely hampered the ability of U.S. exporters to do business in the Cuban market. The question is: What are we getting by surrendering a mar-ket that should be ours to the EU, China, Brazil, and others? I am afraid that the answer is nothing. That is why I introduced the U.S.- Cuba Trade Act of 2017, to finally put an end to the ineffective embargo against Cuba. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.060 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4756 August 2, 2017 
HONORING CORPSMAN FIRST CLASS RYAN LOHREY Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary service and sacrifice of U.S. Navy Hospital Corpsman First Class Ryan Lohrey of Middletown, IN. Dedication to his country, loyalty to his fellow servicemembers, and a deep love for his family were the qualities that defined Ryan’s life. A native of Middletown, IN, Ryan graduated from Shenandoah High School in 2005. Two years after gradua-tion, he joined the U.S. Navy, where he served our country as a special amphib-ious reconnaissance corpsman, pro-viding medical care to his fellow servicemembers. On Monday, July 10, 2017, Ryan and 15 other servicemembers died trag-ically when the KC–130 aircraft they were on crashed in Mississippi. The plane was carrying servicemembers from Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron 452 and the 2d Marine Raider Battalion, a special operations unit. Hundreds gathered on July 27 as a mili-tary procession honored Ryan from In-dianapolis International Airport to New Castle, IN. He received military honors during his funeral in Middle-town on July 31, 2017. Ryan is remembered for his selfless sacrifice, humility, patience, and infec-tious smile. He distinguished himself through his service in the U.S. Navy, where he deployed with the 2d Marine Reconnaissance Battalion and later with the 2d Marine Raider Battalion. He was a veteran of Operation Endur-ing Freedom in Afghanistan and Oper-ation Inherent Resolve in Iraq. Ryan had qualification as an enlisted fleet marine force warfare specialist, marine combatant diver, and Navy and Marine Corps parachutist. He rose to become a special amphibious reconnaissance corpsman. For his service, among the awards he earned were a Purple Heart, Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, Combat Action Ribbon with Gold Star in lieu of second award, and Good Conduct Medal with two Bronze Stars in lieu of second and third award. Ryan was a devoted patriot, son, hus-band, and father, who loved football and making others laugh. He is sur-vived and will be deeply missed by his wife, Cassie; his two children, Gavin and Maelyn; his parents, Michael and Teresa Lohrey of Middletown; and his grandparents, Barbara Lohrey of Mid-dletown, and George Lohrey, of Sul-phur Springs; as well as friends, the U.S. Navy family, and Hoosiers across the State of Indiana. As Ryan’s grandmother said, ‘‘Ryan was my hero. He’s everybody’s hero.’’ Ryan set an example for others and will be remembered for his strong char-acter. Let us always remember and emulate the shining example this brave man set for us and honor his commit-ment to serving his fellow citizens. May God welcome Ryan home and give comfort to his family and friends. HONORING LIEUTENANT AARON ALLAN Mr. DONNELLY. Today I wish to rec-ognize and honor the extraordinary service and sacrifice of Lt. Aaron Allan of the Southport Police Department. Dedication, loyalty, and compassion for those in need were the qualities that defined Lt. Allan’s life. Lt. Aaron Allan was a 6-year veteran with the Southport Police Department, who began his career in law enforce-ment in 2001. A kind and caring person, Lt. Allan was a family man who de-voted his life to serving his commu-nity. Lt. Allan earned the nickname ‘‘Teddy Bear’’ because of his kind heart and willingness to help anyone in need. Lt. Allan had dreamed of being a po-lice officer since he was 5 years old. Be-fore he joined the Southport Police De-partment in 2011 as a volunteer officer, he previously worked as an officer at the Indiana School for the Deaf and for Franklin Township Schools. In 2015, he was named Southport Police Depart-ment’s ‘‘Officer of the Year,’’ after sav-ing two lives. Among his efforts, he performed CPR to save a man at the Indiana State Fairgrounds before backup officers arrived with a defibrillator. In recognition of his work, he became the only full-time paid officer in an all-volunteer force of reserve officers. He was a devout volun-teer, leader, and role model in Southport, who believed in community policing and prided himself on stopping to talk with residents and getting to know them. Lt. Allan made a dif-ference in the community and always put the safety and well-being of his fel-low citizens first. When he encountered a family whose car would not start and the husband had been diagnosed with a brain tumor and the wife cared for her husband and young daughter, Allan went to an auto parts store and bought the family a new car battery with his own money. It went beyond that. He participated in ‘‘Shop with a Deputy,’’ volunteering to take underprivileged children Christmas shopping. He also excelled responding to difficult calls, whether a citizen had overdosed and needed Narcan or he encountered a drunk driver. He enriched and touched so many lives through his service, and he made the ultimate sacrifice while responding to fellow citizens in need. On Thursday, July 27, 2017, Lt. Allan was doing his job, responding to an in-cident involving an overturned vehicle in Southport, when he was shot. Hours before Lt. Allan was killed, he walked his 5-year-old son, Aaron, Jr., to the bus for his first day of kindergarten. He put his life on the line so that Hoo-siers could have the chance to live in peace and safety, and we are eternally grateful. He died doing what he loved, and his legacy will live on. Lt. Allan was a devoted citizen, son, husband, father, and friend, who loved his children and his fellow brothers and sisters in blue. He loved his job as a Southport Police Officer, and no amount of gratitude can repay Lt. Allan or his loved ones for his sacrifice. Lt. Allan is survived and deeply missed by his wife, Stacy, their two sons, his fellow officers in Southport, and citizens across Indiana. Let us strive to remember and emulate the shining example Lt. Allan set for us, and honor his selfless commitment to serving his fellow citizens. May God welcome Lt. Allan home and give com-fort to his family and friends. 
f 
VENEZUELA Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a statement by Julio Andres Borges Junyent, Presi-dent of the National Assembly of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THENATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE BOLIVARIAN  R
EPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA —INRESCUE OF THE  C
ONSTITUTION , D EMOCRACY AND HUMAN  R
IGHTS : AGREEMENT IN DISREGARD OF THE  F
RAUDULENTS ELECTORAL RESULTS ON JULY 30
TH, 2017 FORWHICH WAS INTENDED TOIM-
POSE AN ILLEGITIMATE NATIONAL CON-
STITUENT ASSEMBLY , AND IN CLAIM OF THE  1999 C
ONSTITUTION AS A DEMOCRATIC BASIS 
OF THE BOLIVARIAN REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA  
CONSIDERING  On July 30th, 2017 the regime of Nicolas Maduro, with the support of the majority of rectors of the National Electoral Council, judges of the Supreme Court of Justice and the high dome of the National Bolivarian Armed Forces, advanced on the fraudulent constituent process that initiated on May 1, 2017, realizing a supposed illegitimate ‘‘elec-tion’’ of such illegitimate constituent mem-bers; 
CONSIDERING  The authorities of the National Bolivarian Armed Forces have assumed the prominence in the announcements concerning the elec-toral process, investing the constitutional principle of subjection of the military civil-ian authorities; which is a sample of the mil-itarism they intend to impose, in contraven-tion to the enshrined civic and republican values on the current Constitution of 1999; 
CONSIDERING  That this National Assembly has pointed out in various agreements, and it was rati-fied by the Venezuelan people in the ref-erendum of July 16th, 2017, the National Con-stituent Assembly is a fraudulent and illegit-imate process that only seeks to repeal the Constitution of 1999 by other mechanisms than those provided, in order to establish in Venezuela a dictatorship of totalitarian Court, in reason of which all acts and proc-esses arising from such constituent must be unknown to citizens and government em-ployees, who have the duty to restore the va-lidity of the 1999 Constitution, all this, in ac-cordance with the articles 333 and 350; 
CONSIDERING  The fraudulent election of July 30th sought to give legitimacy to the constitutional process, despite the fact that such procedure was initiated with the usurpation of the pop-ular sovereignty, which was never consulted about the convocation of the constituent As-sembly, as ordered by the constitutional ar-ticle 347; 
CONSIDERING  In addition, the fraudulent election of July 30th was held on the sidelines of inter-national guarantees and constitutional min-imum that must be presented in any demo-cratic election, which shows the high despite 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.039 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4757 August 2, 2017 
abstention in the irregular voting stations admitted for this election, the President of the National Electoral Council announced a false call participation of eight million and eighty-nine thousand three hundred and twenty (8,089,320) electors, making the com-mitted fraud even more evident; 
CONSIDERING  The Venezuelan people, in exercise of their right to resistance, made various peaceful protests during the day of July 30th, 2017, with the deplorable balance of 16 people killed, hundreds injured and many arrested in an arbitrary manner, with the repression which the regime of Nicolas Maduro has at-tended for trying to impose its fraudulent and illegitimate National Constituent As-sembly; 
CONSIDERING  That the international community, like countries such as Argentina, Colombia, Spain, United States of America and Mexico, as well as international organizations such as the Organization of American States (OAS) and the European Parliament, ex-pressed their rejection on the fraudulent constituent process of Nicolas Maduro’s re-gime; 
CONSIDERING  That the fraudulent election of the illegit-imate National Constituent Assembly of July 30th, 2017, implies a major change in the political and constitutional Venezuelan scene, having to represent the definitive at-tempt of restoring the dictatorship of totali-tarian court protected on the figure of the National Constituent Assembly, which de-mands the articulation of effective and im-mediate action orientated to deposing a des-potic form of government, contributing to the effective reestablishment of the Con-stitution in Venezuela, in context of articles 333 and 350 of the Constitution, with the democratic legitimacy derived from the pop-ular consultation on July 16th and the sup-port of the international community com-mitted on the universal defense of human rights and constitutional democracy. 
ACCORDING  First: Confirm that all the acts related to the National Constituent Assembly includ-ing the supposed election effected on July 30th, 2017 must be unrecognized because it was a process based on usurpation of the pop-ular sovereignty and of the original Con-stituent power that belongs exclusively to the people of Venezuela. Likewise, we ratify the right to the resistance of the people of Venezuela against the fraudulent and illegal National Constituent Assembly, as the offi-cials and members of the armed forces must do. Armed forces must disobey all the acts related to the fraudulent Constituent Assem-bly, and actively contribute to re-establish the effective validity of the Constitution of 1999. Second: Unrecognized the election effected on July 30th, 2017 of the members of the fraudulent and illegal National Constituent Assembly that was convened without a pop-ular referendum, and against the peoples’ will and in contrivance of article number 347 of the Constitution. Third: Reject the massacre and aberrant crimes against the Venezuelans who in their legal right to freedom of expression, of pro-testing and resisting were demonstrating their rejection to the fraudulent Constituent Assembly, and who were expressing soli-darity to the parliamentarian body with the victims of repression, arrests, and family members of the deceased, and with all the Venezuelan people. Fourth: Ratify the mandate of the people stated in the Popular Consultation on July 16th, 2017, by which, this National Assembly, as a legal and exclusive representative of the Venezuelan people will take all the measures and actions directed to depose the National Constituent Assembly as a power that is ille-gitimate and of fact to establish effectively the validity of the constitution of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela. Fifth: Urge the citizen Luisa Ortega Diaz, in her responsibility of General Attorney of the Republic, to investigate at great length the criminal acts against the protesters, as well as the committed crimes that took place during the organization and in the electoral process on July 30th, 2017, and to exercise the relevant actions against the of-ficers and people that ordered and executed such crimes, with the purpose to make effec-tive the punitive, administrative, and dis-ciplinary responsibilities of those who order and executed the repressive acts against the people and of those who participated in the constitutional fraud of the National Con-stituent Assembly. Sixth: Urge to the Public Minister to over-take investigations and formalities directed to establish the penal responsibility of all public officers and people evolved in the fraudulent process of the National Con-stituent Assembly that aims to impose a change that violates the constitution and changes the republican foundation of the Na-tion. Seventh: Grateful for the solidarity ex-pressed by the International Community with regard to the people of Venezuela and in rejection of the fraudulent National Con-stituent Assembly, and for arranging nec-essary meetings to execute common actions of states committed to the universal defense of human rights and of the relevant Inter-national Entities, so that through the admit-ted mechanisms of Public International rights and thus contribute to depose the fraudulent and illegal National Constituent Assembly and to reestablish the effective va-lidity of the Constitution of 1999. Eighth: Support to the people of Venezuela in the exercise of the right to resist the des-potism that the National Constituent As-sembly aims to impose. We support both the organized and planned actions that con-tribute to depose such illegal Constituent Assembly, and the execution of necessary ac-tions to reestablish the validity of the Con-stitution of the Bolivarian Republic of Ven-ezuela that obeys the mandate of the Pop-ular Consultation that took place on July 16th, 2017. Ninth: Ratify the people of Venezuela, faithful to its republican tradition, to im-pugn all forms of despotic government that derived from the National Constituent As-sembly, while the country is linked to the duty of obedience to such constituent and those who contribute to its installation oper-ation. The recognized authorities will be the only ones arising from free and democratic elections. Tenth: Forward a copy of this agreement to the Secretary-General and the Permanent Council of the Organization of American States (OAS), the Organization of United Na-tions (UN) to the Inter-American Commis-sion on human rights (IACHR) and the mem-bers of the diplomatic corps, specially to the representatives of those States that have spoken out without knowing about the elec-tion of the National Constituent Assembly. Tenth first: Give publicity to this agree-ment. Given, signed and sealed in the Federal Legislative Palace, seat of the National As-sembly of the Bolivarian Republic of Ven-ezuela, in Caracas, the first day of August of two thousand seventeen. Year 207 of inde-pendence and 158 of the Federation. J
ULIO ANDRES BORGES  J
UNYENT ; President of the Na-tional Assembly. FREDDY GUEVARA CORTEZ ; First Vice President. D
ENNIS FERNANDEZ  S
OLORZANO ; Second Vice President. J
OSEIGNACIO GUE´DEZ; Secretary. J
OSE´LUISCARTAYA ; Subsecretary. f 
THE GREAT AMERICAN ECLIPSE Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the historic event of the Great American Eclipse that will cross the continental United States on August 21. That morning, the eclipse will first pass over my home State of Oregon, then sweep across the U.S., ending in South Carolina. Millions of people across Oregon and the country are planning on watching those few moments when the moon will cover the sun and everything will go dark. It has been 99 years since a total solar eclipse has occurred across the entire country, and whether someone is 5 or 95, this may be the only time they will ever see a total eclipse. It is truly a once-in-a-lifetime event. This solar eclipse is a rare occurrence where the wonders of science will come right to the front doors of millions of people. That fact hasn’t been lost on schools and science organizations throughout Oregon. Educators from the coastal areas of the State to the mountains of eastern Oregon have been working hard to use this eclipse as an opportunity to engage students in the areas of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics, commonly called STEM. One of the best science museums in the country, the Oregon Museum of Science Industry, OMSI, has planned an amazing viewing party, with the hope of engaging folks of all ages in the science behind the eclipse. Oregon na-tive Don Pettit, who is a NASA astro-naut, will even be there to share his ex-perience of viewing eclipses from the International Space Station. Over the years, OMSI has been a leader in get-ting students excited about STEM fields. I am so glad the museum is using this eclipse as yet another oppor-tunity to get communities involved in science. Universities throughout the State are also doing their part to ensure stu-dents and community members get the most out of the event. In Corvallis, Or-egon State University is hosting a 3- day eclipse event, with astronomy ex-hibits and a series of science lectures. I also understand that Portland State University, with the help of NASA, will launch video cameras attached to high- altitude balloons, giving anyone the ability to tune in and watch a live stream of the eclipse. Programs like these are so important because they make scientific events more accessible to the younger generations. I also want to take a few moments today to recognize the local leaders, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.055 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4758 August 2, 2017 
first responders, and the National Guard who are working tirelessly to ensure that communities throughout the State enjoy the eclipse festivities safely. These public servants have been a shining light in making sure Orego-nians and visitors alike have the best experience while viewing the solar eclipse. As the eclipse arcs across the coun-try and folks from the West Coast to the East Coast don their eclipse glasses to look up at the darkened sun, it is my sincere hope that it ignites a ray of passion in students throughout the country to explore STEM fields more deeply. 
f 
THE USS ‘‘WEST VIRGINIA’’ Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I would like to recognize the service of the first ship named for our Nation’s 35th State—our only State born of war—the armored cruiser USS West Virginia. She was commissioned on February 23, 1905, and served in both the Atlantic and Pa-cific fleets. On two occasions, she de-ployed to Mexico to enforce U.S. diplo-macy. In 1916, she was renamed the USS Huntington, in order to permit the assignment of her old name to a new battleship. That new battleship—the second USS West Virginia—was commissioned in De-cember 1923 and affectionately nick-named the ‘‘Wee Vee.’’ In 1940, she moved to Hawaii and became part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet. She was the youngest of all the battleships at Pearl Harbor. During the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, the USS West Virginia was moored outboard the USS Tennessee; as a result, the Ten-nessee was not hit by a single torpedo, while the West Virginia was hit by nine torpedoes. Despite being mortally wounded by shrapnel, the ship’s captain, Mervyn S. Bennion, remained on the bridge order-ing counterflooding of starboard com-partments to prevent capsizing; for his actions, Captain Bennion post-humously received the Congressional Medal of Honor. Captain Bennion’s ac-tions are regularly cited as the epitome of proper command under fire. Displaying a resilience befitting the people of her namesake, the USS West Virginia refused to stay sunk. She was pumped out and refloated on May 17, 1942, and sailed to Puget Sound Navy Yard for repairs. After being fully mod-ernized, she saw action in the invasion of the Philippines, the Battle of Iwo Jima, and the Battle of Okinawa, among others. She was present in Tokyo Bay on September 2, 1945, for the formal Japanese surrender. The USS West Virginia was decommis-sioned on January 9, 1947; her awards included the American Defense Service Medal with ‘‘Fleet’’ clasp; the Asiatic- Pacific Campaign Medal with five bat-tle stars; the World War II Victory Medal; and the Navy Occupation Medal with ‘‘Asia’’ clasp. An antiaircraft gun remains at City Park in Parkersburg, WV; the ship’s wheel and binnacle are on display at the Hampton Roads Naval Museum. Her mast sits in front of Oglebay Hall at West Virginia Uni-versity, and Interstate 470 in West Vir-ginia is named the ‘‘USS West Virginia Memorial Highway.’’ The U.S. Navy resurrected the proud history of the 35th State’s moniker with a 1983 contract to build a Ship, Submarine, Ballistic, Nuclear, SSBN, the 11th of an eventual 18 Ohio-class submarines, otherwise to be known as the USS West Virginia, SSBN 736. She was launched on October 14, 1989, spon-sored by Mrs. Erma Byrd, wife—and high school sweetheart—of the now late U.S. Senator Robert C. Byrd, of West Virginia—the longest serving Senator and the longest serving Mem-ber in the history of the U.S. Con-gress—and commissioned on October 20, 1990. The USS West Virginia, SSBN 736 con-ducts a sacred mission. It has often been said that, if the U.S. Navy could only send one platform to sea, it is the SSBN that executes the most impor-tant mission: the mission of strategic deterrence. Always at the tip of the spear, the USS West Virginia conducts operations in order to exploit the advantages of undersea operation. It can be deployed up to 15 months at a time. As the sub-mariner identity states: ‘‘We are elite, selective and high performing. We op-erate forward at the tip of the spear. This is the only survivable nuclear de-terrent. Last bastion of master and commander.’’ West Virginia is proud of the honor, courage, and commitment of the brave sailors who crew and have crewed the USS West Virginia, and we are eternally grateful for the sacrifices that you and your families make in service to the United States of America. ‘‘Montani Semper Liberi.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALAN BAKER AND EARL BRECHLIN Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, in 2001, Maine’s legendary Ellsworth American newspaper celebrated its 150th year by launching a new enterprise, the Mount Desert Islander, dedicated to covering every aspect of life in a place of ex-traordinary beauty. It is a pleasure to congratulate the two outstanding jour-nalists who have guided the Islander since its inception, publisher Alan Baker and editor Earl Brechlin, for being recognized with the 2017 Sun-beam Award from the Maine Seacoast Mission. The recipient of numerous State and national awards for excellence, the Mount Desert Islander is a great exam-ple of the value provided by commu-nity newspapers. From Acadia Na-tional Park, local government, and businesses, to education, sports, and the arts, the Islander’s dedicated staff writes the history of their commu-nities as it occurs. They keep people informed and help them be more in-volved as citizens. They follow State and national issues, always with an eye on how they affect their neighbors. This dedication starts with com-mitted leadership. After achieving suc-cess in journalism and publishing in Philadelphia and New York City, Alan Baker returned home to Maine and, in 1986, joined the Ellsworth American’s management team, eventually pur-chasing the newspaper. In this age of media consolidation, Mr. Baker strong-ly believes that newspapers should be owned by individuals who are in touch daily with the readers they serve. As a former member of the Maine State Legislature, he is an effective voice for accountability and transparency in all levels of government. A former ‘‘Maine Journalist of the Year,’’ Earl Brechlin has covered Mount Desert Island for more than 35 years, and he has been recognized with more than 100 awards for news, feature writing, and photography. His commit-ment to journalism is evident in his election as president of both the Maine and New England press associations. A Registered Maine Guide, Mr. Brechlin is the author of nine books that reflect his love for our State’s natural beauty, history, and character. The Maine Seacoast Mission is a non-denominational, nonprofit organization founded in 1905 to support island and coastal communities in Downeast Maine, and its boat, the Sunbeam V, helps to connect people in those com-munities with essential services and with each other. Through their dedica-tion to the craft of journalism, Alan Baker and Earl Brechlin have strength-ened that support and those commu-nity connections, and the Sunbeam Award is a fitting recognition of their many contributions. f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE JACOB LEINENKUGEL BREWING COMPANY Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a true original, the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company, on 150 years of brewing great beer in Wisconsin’s North Woods. The Leinenkugels were fairly typical Wis-consinites in the mid-1800s—German, immigrants, and lovers of beer. Jacob Leinenkugel started in the business in 1867 after he and three brothers learned the craft from their father, a brewer and distiller. Together, the Leinenkugel family started four brew-eries, including the Spring Brewery, which eventually became Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing. While the Leinenkugel family was typical, the brewery they started be-came far from ordinary. For a century and a half, the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company has put Chippewa Falls, WI, on the map and excellent beer in the hands of people throughout Wisconsin and the country. Walk into most any bar in the State and there will be ‘‘Leinie’s’’ on tap. Go to a backyard cookout or a Milwaukee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.032 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4759 August 2, 2017 
Brewers tailgate on a hot summer’s day and there will Summer Shandy in the cooler. Stop by a Wisconsin supper club for dinner and odds are you or someone at the table next to you will be enjoying their fish fry with a Honey Weiss. Leinenkugel Brewing is the seventh oldest continuously operating brewery in the country. This lengthy heritage did endure trying moments. Leinenkugel’s survived Prohibition by producing soda, ginger ale, and a non-alcoholic cereal beverage to stay in business. Afterward, the brewer even-tually grew into the fourth largest craft brewer in the United States. The original brewery is still oper-ating, and its Leinie Lodge visitor cen-ter in Chippewa Falls welcomes 125,000 visitors annually, making it a top tour-ist destination in northern Wisconsin. Along with its original lager, Leinenkugel’s now brews 24 other beers, with offerings for every taste and season, including a special German Marzen-style lager to celebrate the family’s roots and the brewery’s 150th anniversary. Leinenkugel Brewing is more than beer. Leinenkugel’s is a Wisconsin in-stitution that touches the lives of peo-ple across the State—even those who have never lifted a pint. The brewery’s Canoes for a Cause outreach program has provided education and resources to help improve and protect Wisconsin springs and waterways. Generations of the Leinenkugel family have served our country in the military and other civic capacities. That tradition con-tinues today as former Marine Corps captain and Leinenkugel Brewing president Jake Leinenkugel serves as a senior White House adviser for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Six generations have taken a family from the North Woods of Wisconsin to the refrigerators of beer lovers in all 50 States while maintaining its Wisconsin roots and cherishing its German herit-age. I join my fellow Wisconsinites in raising a glass in appreciation for the last 150 years and hoping for many more to come. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I rise to recognize the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company on their 150th anniversary. I am so pleased to honor this great Wisconsin com-pany. Throughout its history, family has always been at the core of the Leinenkugel business. The family’s brewing tradition began well before they came to America. Jacob’s father, Mathais, was a brewer and brandymaker from Meckenheim, Ger-many, who settled with his family in Sauk City, WI. Mathais passed his craft on to his four sons who, in turn, opened their own breweries throughout Wis-consin. Their passion for brewing qual-ity beer remains at the heart of the Leinenkugel family 150 years later. While it is now the fourth-largest craft brewer in the United States, the nascent company had only two employ-ees: Jacob Leinenkugel and his part-ner, John Miller. Jacob brewed the beer, and John delivered it. Their Ger-man brewing methods, combined with excellent grains grown in rich Wis-consin soil and the State’s pure water, made Leinenkugel’s small brewery an instant success. The hard-working lum-berjacks in the logging town of Chip-pewa Falls were Jacob’s first loyal cus-tomers. Word of Leinenkugel’s beer spread quickly, and its popularity ex-panded rapidly throughout Northern Wisconsin. When Jacob passed away in 1899, run-ning the company fell to his son-in- law, Henry Casper, and then to his eld-est son, Matt, in 1907. Working along-side his sisters and brothers-in-law, the second generation of Leinenkugel’s leadership quickly took the company to new heights. The brewery experienced its first major test with the passage of Prohibi-tion in 1919. While many American breweries cut their losses and closed shop during this period, Leinenkugel’s adapted to the new American reality and began brewing Leino, a non-alcoholic version of their popular beer. Unfortunately, Leino was no match for the real thing and was soon discon-tinued. Thanks to quick thinking, they pivoted once again and began bottling soda water. By the end of Prohibition, Leinenkugel’s was the largest bottler of soda water in the area. After the repeal of Prohibition, Matt Leinkugel’s wife, Katherine, and his sister, Rose, mortgaged their homes to finance updates to the brewery’s equip-ment to save the company. Thanks to the resourcefulness of these women, the Leinenkugel family was able to re-store the brewery to its pre-Prohibi-tion glory. Leinenkugel’s expanded yet again in the mid-20th century to the greater Midwest area and developed new varieties of beer that would meet the diverse needs of its newest cus-tomers. In 1988, the Miller Brewing Company purchased Leinenkugel’s, allowing the brewery to distribute products across the country. Today the brewery is an industry leader that produces 25 dif-ferent styles of beer. For every 10 shandy-style beers consumed in the United States, nine are produced by Leinenkugel’s. Despite their national success, the Leinenkugels have never forgotten their Wisconsin roots or their commit-ment to their hometown of Chippewa Falls, WI. Jake Leinenkugel, who led the company until his retirement in 2015, said he and his wife, Peg, will al-ways live in Chippewa Falls. The cou-ple was named ‘‘Chippewa Valley Phi-lanthropists of the Year’’ in 2007 for their ongoing contributions of time and money to local causes. The Leinenkugel family has also maintained a strong commitment to the conservation of natural resources, particularly the freshwater that is a key component in Leinenkugel’s prod-ucts. The family created Canoes for a Cause, a stewardship program aimed at preserving waterways by removing trash, debris, and invasive plant spe-cies. They have held Canoes for a Cause events in Milwaukee, Madison, Chi-cago, Denver, Minneapolis, and Cleve-land, often collecting more than 1,000 pounds of trash in a single day. Today, C.J., Ellie, Matt, and Kirk Leinenkugel carry on the Leinenkugel’s legacy. They are the sixth generation of Leinenkugels to continue Jacob’s tradition of excel-lence, taking a small, local brewery and turning it into one of the most suc-cessful breweries in the Nation. No matter how many employees or dis-tributors join the team, Leinenkugel’s will always remain a family company that, to its core, defines what it means to be kind, hard-working Wisconsinites and genuine Americans. 
f 
130TH ANNIVERSARY OF BAR HARBOR BANK & TRUST Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 130th anni-versary of Bar Harbor Bank & Trust. Based in Bar Harbor, ME, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust now has 14 branches in Maine and 35 branches in New Hamp-shire and Vermont. Known for sup-porting and understanding the unique people, organizations, and culture of northern New England, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust has not only achieved a strong reputation for providing quality service, but it has also cultivated em-ployees who are dedicated to bettering their communities. Since its founding in 1887, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust has fostered the personal and professional growth of its employ-ees while serving its customers with the highest level of care and concern. Over the years, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust has expanded to New Hampshire- based subsidiaries: McCrillis & Elredge Insurance, Inc., and Charter Trust Company. It recently acquired Lake Sunapee Bank to make it one of the largest community banks in New Eng-land. It been recognized as a leading bank nationwide and ranked among the best places to work in ME. Bar Harbor Bank & Trust has dem-onstrated a commitment to supporting the communities it serves. Each year, its employees volunteer thousands of hours to local community organiza-tions. This commitment is sustained by their volunteer pay program that allows employees to get paid time off for volunteering each month to local causes they are passionate about. Fur-thermore, it allows them to contribute money from their paychecks to the Bank’s Community Commitment pro-gram each month, and with every do-nation matched by the bank, the pro-gram donates over thousands of dollars annually to local nonprofit organiza-tions, including Maine Veteran’s Project, Girls and Boys State, Knox County Homeless Coalition, and dozens more. In addition to volunteerism, Bar Har-bor bank & Trust employees actively 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.041 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4760 August 2, 2017 
participate in many community fund-raisers, such as the Annual Hancock Relay for Life for the American Cancer Society. The bank also hosts an annual charity golf tournament that raises money for a local organization. This year, the tournament raised money that was donated to the Acadia Family Center to sponsor a year’s worth of treatment for two individuals battling substance abuse. Additionally, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust employees teach local children lessons about saving money through the ABA’s Teach Chil-dren to Save Day and explain how to use credit wisely to teenagers in the community. In 2016 alone, this bank provided over 450 children with lessons in savings education. I wish to join the communities all around Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont in congratulating Bar Harbor Bank & Trust for this remarkable achievement on its 130th anniversary. I look forward to following its continued growth and service, and I applaud the bank for its dedication to its employ-ees, customers, and local communities. 
f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MAINE LOBSTER FESTIVAL Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Maine Lobster Festival on its 70th anniversary. On this date, the people of Maine celebrate our rich history in the valuable lobster trade, as well as the continuing com-mitment by our coastal communities to support and perpetuate our great maritime heritage. Since 1947, The Maine Lobster Fes-tival has provided the people of Maine and tourists with exciting events, en-tertainment, and Maine seafood. The festival emerged out of a community- based effort at reviving summer activi-ties that Camden, ME, established prior to World War II. A small group of citizens and summer visitors came to-gether to revel in their coastal marine community. Their small gathering, which lost money in its first year, moved to Rockland the following year and immediately became an annual staple of the coastal area’s summer schedule, creating the Maine Lobster Festival to operate as a nonprofit cor-poration that is responsible for the fes-tival to this day. This nearly weeklong engagement in August is attended by both inter-nationally recognized as well as local musicians and entertainers, who fill the concert stage with enthralling per-formances. A midway provides excite-ment for children of all ages. King Nep-tune and his court attend the event every year and a highlight is the crowning of the Maine Sea Goddess. The festival also boasts a wide range of Maine artistry, from craftsmen to painters, as well as one of the region’s largest and most popular parades. In addition, there is often a U.S. Navy ship that offers unique tour opportuni-ties to festival-goers. As the highlight, there are fresh lobster dinners prepared in the world’s largest lobster cooker for the thousands of hungry attendees. While you may no longer be able to get ‘‘all the lobster you can eat for $1,’’ the festival promises to have more than enough lobster to go around. Year-in and year-out, the combined effort of more than a thousand volun-teers generously donate their time makes the festival possible. Volunteers are committed to improving and show-casing midcoast Maine communities to the thousands of festival-goers that come from different parts of Maine, from across the country and around the world. Not only do they donate their time and effort, but they also do-nate all profits of the festival to Maine communities to provide needed support to local institutions such as food pan-tries, community service groups, emer-gency services, and college scholar-ships. The Maine Lobster Festival is recog-nized nationwide as one of the best events in the country, and this distinc-tion could not be bestowed on a more deserving enterprise. I wish to join the greater Rockland community, as well as the State of Maine, in congratu-lating the Maine Lobster Festival on its 70th year of being an historic and cherished Maine institution. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARION CURRY Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, the Senate Budget Committee wishes to honor and recognize Marion Curry on her retire-ment from the Congressional Budget Office. Marion has worked in the budg-et analysis division of the Congres-sional Budget Office in various capac-ities for more than 38 years and has been a full-time employee at CBO since 1987. During that time, she served as the administrative assistant for the projections unit, and over the past sev-eral years, she expanded her respon-sibilities to also encompass the health systems and Medicare unit, as well as the low-income health programs and prescription drugs unit. During her long tenure at CBO, Mar-ion has skillfully carried out a variety of tasks—carefully checking cost esti-mates as she produced drafts, ensuring that timesheets were done correctly, directing callers to the appropriate person, and in general assuring that administrative matters were taken care of without a hitch. Such duties have undergone many changes over the years—from using telephones as the primary method of contact, typing ta-bles by hand, and sending paper copies of documents, to the current approach of using email as the primary method of contact, transferring spreadsheets to the editorial staff for producing tables, and sending PDFs of documents with supplemental data posted on the web. Through all of those changes, Marion readily adapted to new technology and procedures and carried out her respon-sibilities with good humor, profes-sionalism, a giving spirit, and a dedica-tion to serving the Congress and the public. Marion contributed to CBO’s work in ways that went well beyond her admin-istrative responsibilities. She routinely took the lead to make sure that key life events of staff—such as birthdays, weddings, and births—were celebrated, and she was often the first person oth-ers in the organization consulted when they needed assistance with planning and organizing events. In addition, her contributions to the charitable works of the agency were well-known and ap-preciated. Marion is extremely warm, generous, and giving—she was always there to provide support, encourage-ment, and someone to talk to. Her con-tribution to the working environment at CBO was beyond measure, and she will be greatly missed. f 
TRIBUTE TO JEFFREY HOLLAND Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, the Senate Budget Committee wishes to honor and recognize Jeffrey Holland on his retire-ment after 26 years of distinguished service to the Congress with the Con-gressional Budget Office. Jeff is highly regarded by Republicans and Demo-crats on both sides of the Capitol for his deep knowledge of the budget proc-ess and his commitment to the non-partisan role that CBO plays in the budget process. Jeff arrived at CBO in 1991 soon after graduation from Carnegie Mellon Uni-versity’s Heinz School of Public Policy with a master’s degree in public policy and management. He joined the projec-tions unit in the budget analysis divi-sion, which is responsible for preparing projections of Federal spending, def-icit, debt, and other data related to the Federal budget, as well as providing ongoing support to Congress. In 1999, Jeff became chief of the pro-jections unit, and for the past 18 years, he has successfully overseen the pro-duction of multiple reports on the Budget and Economic Outlook, annual analyses of the President’s budget re-quest, and also several reports on se-questration, the debt ceiling, national income, and product accounts, and the Troubled Asset Relief Program. Through all of these tasks, he has been the steady hand of the projections unit, generous with his time and knowledge, and highly responsive to questions and requests for data or information from the staff of the Budget Committee. His persistence, attention to detail, and re-liably clear thinking have been vital to the smooth functioning of the budget analysis division. Senate staff and CBO colleagues have come to depend on him for his sage advice and deep under-standing of the budget laws. In addition, Jeff has often lent his ex-pertise to legislative branches of other countries as they seek to develop their own capacity for nonpartisan budget analysis. He is a sought-after explainer of the Federal budget process to stu-dents visiting our Nation’s Capital. In short, Jeff’s expertise, knowledge, and generosity of time and spirit will be sorely missed. We wish him well as he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.042 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4761 August 2, 2017 
moves on after years of outstanding service to the Congress. We are grate-ful for that service, and we wish him the best in the years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING BELLE LIKOVER ∑Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this week, the city I call home lost a great Ohioan, and Connie and I lost a friend, Belle Likover of Shaker Heights. Belle passed away at age 97, and over her ex-traordinary life, she saw the creation of our country’s greatest social insur-ance programs: Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid—and fought to pro-tect those lifelines for American sen-iors. Ms. Likover was born the same year as my mother and grew up in Beaver Falls, PA. She remembered her child-hood as a happy one, with one big ex-ception: the Great Depression. In an interview several years ago, she talked about the lasting effects those memo-ries had on her, saying, ‘‘We saw every-body else suffer. I remember the shan-tytowns. I remember people living in what used to be packing crates. There was a constant stream of people who came to our backdoor for food. My mother never turned anybody away.’’ Those experiences would shape her activism throughout her life. In high school and later in college, at the Ohio State University, she said she was ‘‘never bashful about speaking out.’’ She joined the high school varsity de-bate team as a sophomore, as the only girl on the team, and learned how to marshal an argument. She told an interviewer that, ‘‘Every position of leadership I’ve had, I owe to that de-bate coach.’’ In college, she put that training to use, first getting involved in political causes in 1937, when she and a friend helped organize an antifascist group at Ohio State. They saw what was hap-pening in Germany and across Europe and how dangerous that was for the world. Growing up in that time of turmoil and as a woman at a time when her abilities would be constantly ques-tioned, Belle faced setbacks. As a child, she asked for chemistry sets instead of dolls, but in college, a chemistry pro-fessor told her, ‘‘If you want a Ph.D., you better marry one.’’ Her first hus-band laid down his life for our country during World War II, leaving Ms. Likover with a newborn daughter to raise. She published papers without the Ph.D. that her male peers had and worked at the Cleveland Jewish Com-munity Center’s senior department, where she saw what a difference Social Security made in the lives of the elder-ly—and later how Medicaid and Medi-care would change their lives. She went to grad school on a JCC scholarship. Throughout the years, she never ceased in her activism. She joined me at events many times to talk about the importance of Medicare. I interviewed Belle in the summer of 2015, marking the 50th anniversary of the passage of Medicare and Medicaid. She told me she was thrilled when it passed because she remember how poor older people were when she was growing up—‘‘They didn’t have Medicare, they ended up in poorhouses,’’ she told me. And she added, ‘‘Do you know how many people can’t wait until they’re 65 to get cov-ered by Medicare?’’ Just last fall, she joined us on a call with Ohio reporters to talk about how devastating it would be to raise the re-tirement age. That was Belle Likover— an activist and advocate, full of com-passion but never bashful, all the way through age 97. Our family’s thoughts and prayers are with Belle’s loved ones. We will miss her, and we will strive to carry on her advocacy for Ohio sen-iors.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ERNEST ‘‘ERNIE’’ GRECCO ∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I would like to congratulate a dear friend of mine, Mr. Ernest ‘‘Ernie’’ Grecco, for 55 years of dedicated serv-ice to the labor movement and to working men and women and their families in the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area and across the Na-tion. Ernie recently retired after serv-ing for 20 years as president of the Met-ropolitan Baltimore AFL–CIO Council, which covers Baltimore City and Anne Arundel, Baltimore, Carroll, Cecil, Harford, and Howard Counties. For the last 15 years, he also served as sec-retary on the board of directors of the United Way of Central Maryland. Ernie’s vocation and his avocation have been to make life better for other people. There is an old saying, ‘‘You make a living by what you get; you make a life by what you give.’’ Ernie has given so much to so many for so long. It is why I feel privileged and proud to call him my friend. Ernie became involved in the labor movement in 1962 while he was working at Calvert Distilleries. He was a mem-ber of Distillery Workers Union Local 34 and was elected shop steward. He served as shop steward until 1970, when he was elected secretary-treasurer of Local 34–D. He also served as trustee of the Distillery Workers International Union. In 1973, then-President Nick Fornaro of the Baltimore Central Labor Council hired Ernie as a job placement officer for the Institutional Training Project. In this capacity, Ernie was responsible for helping find jobs for hundreds of men and women housed at the Jessup and Hagerstown Penal Institutions who were qualified for work-release status. In 1976, he became the director of the Metropolitan Baltimore AFL–CIO Council’s Committee on Political Edu-cation, COPE. He served in this posi-tion until 1983 when he became the COP director for the Maryland State and District of Columbia AFL–CIO. He was elected to serve as president of the Metropolitan Baltimore AFL–CIO Council in 1987, and he also served as first vice president of the Maryland State and DC AFL–CIO. Ernie has held many other leadership positions over the course of his illus-trious career. For instance, he chaired the Young Trade Unionists, which was created to bring younger people into the labor movement, and he served as president of the Union Label & Service Trades Council, which promoted the purchase of union services and prod-ucts. Ernie has also served on the Bal-timore Workforce Investment Board, the Maryland Transportation Commis-sion, the Maryland Workers Compensa-tion Commission, and the Maryland Racing Commission. As president of the Metropolitan Bal-timore Council, Ernie established monthly meetings with the mayor of Baltimore City to encourage better communications and collaboration be-tween the city and the unions. The committee consists of all city unions and a representative from the building trades. Ernie also championed the council’s community services division. The community services division pro-vides assistance to working people through information and referral advo-cacy to help them solve personal and family crises. The services include edu-cation and training for union peer counselors; Baltimore Works, a job placement program for dislocated workers; and Project LEAP, an adult education literacy program. It should come as no surprise that Ernie has received numerous awards for his indefatigable service to people. He has the distinction of receiving not one, but two, national awards for com-munity service, the Samuel Gompers Award from the American Red Cross in 1991 and the Joseph A. Beirne Award from United Way of America in 1999. Last year, United Way of Central Maryland gave Ernie its Philip H. Van Gelder Award for Community Services. In 1995, the Baltimore City Fire Fight-ers Local 734 and Baltimore City Fire Officers Local 964 created the Grecco Labor Award to be given to a fire-fighter who ‘‘best exemplifies the con-tinuing and complex efforts of the local union membership to build the rela-tionship between labor and manage-ment.’’ During Ernie’s career, he has been much loved and respected not just in Baltimore, but in Annapolis and across the State of Maryland for his steadfast commitment to the labor movement and working people. He is, understand-ably, an avid Orioles, Ravens, and horse-racing fan. His retirement is bit-tersweet because his beloved wife Doro-thy—‘‘Dot’’—recently passed away, but I know Ernie will spend much of his time with his daughter, Nina Grecco Dukes, and his son, Gary, and Gary’s wife, Kelly, and his grandchildren, Ash-ley, Adam, Katy, and Ben. I have relied on Ernie’s sage counsel on labor matters and other issues over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.035 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4762 August 2, 2017 
the years, and I treasure our friend-ship. I have been a better and more ef-fective legislator because of Ernie’s friendship and advice for which I am truly grateful. On behalf of the entire U.S. Senate, I congratulate Ernie on his accomplishments and his well-de-served retirement, but knowing Ernie as I do, he will find new ways to be of service to others; it is simply at the core of who he is.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY JENEL OLSEN CARR ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to mark a wonderful occasion, a birthday that many do not live to cele-brate. Today we honor the 95th birth-day and wonderful life of Betty Jenel Olsen Carr, born in Kimberly, ID, on August 2, 1922. Her early life was very much what you would expect from rural Idaho in the 1920s, and in many ways, rural life there now still has some of these echoes of a strong work ethic and family values. Betty grew up with seven siblings in a family that learned self-sufficiency and self-reliance on an 80-acre farm. Edith, Andy, Lamoin, Melba, Phil, Vera, Nina, and Betty lived cozily to-gether with their parents, Hannah Marie Sandberg and Neils Albert Olsen, in a small, white wooden farmhouse that had no electricity or running water when Betty was a child. How-ever, the home did have a black pot-belly cast iron stove that kept every-one warm and fed. Education figured prominently in Betty’s goals, as she graduated at the top of her Kimberly High School class, even though she skipped her final year of high school to start college. She fos-tered her love of reading through edit-ing the school newspaper. She also played flute in the marching band and, improbably, at just 5 feet, 4 inches tall, played forward on the girls basketball team. She headed off to college at what was then called the Southern Branch of the University of Idaho—now Idaho State University—and studied jour-nalism, but most importantly, she fol-lowed through on something she said in high school. She had been looking through her older sister’s college year-book and spotted the photo of a hand-some young man. She declared, ‘‘When I get to college, I am going to go out with that guy.’’ She did indeed—she met and married Taylor Henry Carr a couple of years into college. Taylor served 3 years in World War II, and a family treasure is the love letters the two sent to each other during that dif-ficult time that they were separated by his wartime service. When Taylor returned home, he com-pleted his education at the medical school at the University of Utah with the help of the GI bill and became a surgeon. Betty and he raised their seven children in Idaho Falls, ID. Each of those children has become remark-able in their own right, contributing to their communities, States, and country —Katherine Ann, Taylor Douglas, Phil-lip Olsen, Jan Elizabeth, Kenneth Wright, Steven Edward, and Gregory Curtis. Their home was filled with love, education, and adventure. From a personal perspective, there has never been a better child psycholo-gist or wiser parent and aunt. Betty is my mother Melba’s youngest sister— my beloved Aunt Betty, who was a sec-ond mother to me. She understood teenagers in a unique manner and knew just when to encourage me at those times when young people need to hear advice from someone who loves them and is not a parent. Growing up, I always knew I would find welcoming arms and a warm shoulder just a few blocks from my home. Aunt Betty un-derstood that, ultimately, love and the relationship with our loved ones was more important than anything else, and she epitomized that with her ac-ceptance and encouragement of even the craziest ideas. A few years ago, I was delighted to show her around the U.S. Capitol when she made the long trip from Idaho to Washington, DC. A treasured item on display in my per-sonal office is a photo with her from that trip. Today Betty, the lifelong lover of reading, is as sharp as ever. At 95, she remains active, interested, and in-volved. She races through the cross-word puzzle, tends her garden and great-grandkids, and never misses exer-cise class or bridge club. She recently went underwater in a diving bell in Florida. I am privileged to claim her as part of my family and honored to rec-ognize her longevity as an Idahoan. Happy, happy birthday.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING DAN FAUSKE ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, Alaskans will gather on August 9 to celebrate the life of Dan Fauske, a pub-lic servant extraordinaire, who lost his battle with cancer in April. Upon learning of Dan’s passing, Representa-tive Mike Chennault, four-term Speak-er of the Alaska House of Representa-tives described Dan as ‘‘Superman.’’ In Mike’s words, ‘‘Dan Fauske leaped tall buildings in a single bound. Like Su-perman, there was not a challenge he couldn’t take on.’’ Dan was a dear friend of mine, and his family is part of our extended fam-ily in the Murkowski office. Dan’s son, D.J., who now serves as director of gov-ernment and external affairs for the North Slope Borough, helped open my Washington office in 2003 as a staff as-sistant. D.J. subsequently married Gretchen Wieman, a legislative cor-respondent in my office during that pe-riod. I counted on Dan for advice and counsel on important public policy issues affecting Alaska, as did many others in the State. His integrity and wisdom were unsurpassed, but Dan’s greatest attribute was perhaps his hu-mility. He was known as a straight shooter; one who was about getting the job done and doing it right. Although he waded into many a difficult polit-ical problem, he resisted the urge to become a politician. If there was an ounce of self-promotion in Dan Fauske, I never saw it. Dan was one of the most grounded people I have ever met, and that was the key to his influence and effectiveness. Dan Fauske, like so many builders of Alaska in the half century after State-hood, adopted our State as his home. Dan was born in Fargo on December 13, 1950. He relocated to Alaska in 1974 after serving in the Army—not to the big city, but to Barrow, now called Utqiagvik, the northernmost American city. A place where the first language was then and remains today Inupiaq. His older brother, Dave, was a teacher in the village. Dan worked construc-tion and delivered fresh water, and he made himself part of the community. Elise Patkotak remembers him as one who approached the world as if every-one were a potential friend. Dan built a dog ramp to help Elise get her handi-capped dog into the house. This is just one example of the many random acts of kindness for which Dan was known. Bridging the cross-cultural divide, his kindness was reciprocated in the com-munity. Dan left Alaska to study for an MBA at Gonzaga University in Spokane, WA, but it was a temporary absence. Utqiagvik was Dan’s home, and upon graduation, Dan went to work for the North Slope Borough. He was chief fi-nancial officer and chief administra-tive officer. During his tenure, he pur-sued a vigorous capital construction program which brought water and sewer to many of the North Slope vil-lages. In 1995, Dan moved his family to An-chorage. He was named chief executive officer of the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation, AHFC. John Bitney, then a legislative staffer, remembers the day that he and the legislative auditor presented a bill in committee to liq-uidate AHFC. Just when the com-mittee was about to move the bill, a man ventures forward from the audi-ence, announces that he is the CEO of AHFC, and it is his second day on the job. He asked the committee to allow him to pursue a turnaround of the agency—and, boy, were we lucky that the committee agreed. Over the next 18 years, Dan would not only rescue AHFC from its finan-cial difficulties, but mold it into one of the most respected State housing agen-cies in the Nation. During his tenure, AHFC pioneered its weatherization and energy rebate program, which helped Alaskan families survive the challenge of high energy costs in the frozen North. He issued more than $7.5 billion in bonds, led AFHC to avoid the subprime mortgage collapse and re-turned more than $1.9 billion back to the State of Alaska through cash transfers, capital projects, and debt service payments. The AHFC building has been renamed the ‘‘Daniel R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.052 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4763 August 2, 2017 
Fauske Building’’ by the Alaska Legis-lature in honor of his many accom-plishments. Dan was so successful at AHFC, the Alaska Legislature asked him to take on a second duty, that of exploring the feasibility of constructing a small di-ameter pipeline to bring natural gas from the North Slope to serve Alas-kans. In 2013, he left his job at AHFC to pursue this ‘‘second job’’ full time as executive director of the Alaska Gas-line Development Corporation, AGDC. He served in that role until November 2015. At AGDC, Dan brought the same focus to the position he had to every other one he had held in his distin-guished career: serving Alaskans. For Dan, AGDC’s mission wasn’t so much about commercializing Alaska’s gas as it was delivering energy to Alaskans. His focus on delivering energy relief and security drove the State’s efforts and resulted in AGDC joining the inte-grated effort to build Alaska LNG as the entity focused on delivering gas to Alaskans. Whether it was building water sys-tems on the North Slope, developing housing across the State, or delivering energy, Dan did it for Alaskans first. That was what we loved about him, he saw policy not at the 50,000-foot level but in the face, life, and experience of every person he worked with and served. Dependable, trusted, respected—the consummate ‘‘go to’’ guy—all of these phrases are used to describe Dan Fauske. He believed in Alaska. He be-lieved in Alaskans. Like all great Alas-kans, he believed anything could be done, but what earned him our unwav-ering respect is that he followed through and got it done. Dan Fauske will long be remembered as a true leader who walked with the people and a key figure in Alaska his-tory of the post-Statehood era. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HILLCREST AIRCRAFT COMPANY ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize an outstanding small business located in my home State of Idaho. As many of my col-leagues in the Western Caucus can tell you, catastrophic wildfires are a cause for major concern and costs for large swathes of the West, particularly in the summer months. This month’s small business has found their spe-cialty in helping to control these large wildfires in a safe and efficient man-ner. As chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship, I am pleased to honor Hillcrest Aircraft Company as the U.S. Senate Small Business of the Month for August 2017. Hillcrest Aircraft Company is based out of Lewiston, ID, and is a utility helicopter company with a broad spec-trum of work. Hillcrest Aircraft Com-pany was founded by local pilots in 1946. Jerry Wilson partnered with the company in 1959, eventually becoming the sole owner in 1972. Jerry’s son, Gale Wilson, is the current president of the company, and his son, Keith White, serves as vice president. The Wilson’s legacy of promoting a strong work ethic coupled with strict safety re-quirements has built the company into a premier helicopter business. In 1968, Hillcrest became the first certified Bell customer service facility in Idaho, and 1 year later, in 1969, they became an approved FAA repair station. Their main focus, however, is aerial fire-fighting. Whether they are trans-porting firefighters to remote areas or dropping hundreds of gallons of water on a raging fire, Hillcrest prides itself on protecting communities from dan-gerous wildfires. In fact, they have fought fires in all of the lower 48 States during their 60-plus years of experi-ence. On top of aerial firefighting, Hill-crest flies for power and timber compa-nies, photographers, videographers, and even fish planters. Their comprehen-sive background in a variety of indus-tries, dedication to operational safety, and commitment to strict ethical standards continue to keep this family- owned business busy around the clock. Hillcrest has always put safety first, and in 2015 and 2016, they were re-warded for their efforts. Hillcrest achieved the necessary requirements for the International Standard for Business Aircraft Operations, IS-BAO, Stage I registration by implementing a safety management system, SMS, in 2015 and Stage II registration in 2016. This safety standard acknowledges the company’s efforts to improve their safety risk profile and operating effi-ciency. Hillcrest was one of the first rotary-wing-only operators to achieve the IS-BAO Stage II. The future is bright for Hillcrest Air-craft Company as they continue to ex-pand their business. Just a couple of months ago in June, Hillcrest opened their very own fixed base operation, FBO, at the Lewiston-Nez Perce Coun-ty Airport. I would like to congratu-late Gale Wilson and his family, along with all of the employees at Hillcrest, for the hard work they do in trying conditions while still keeping their commitment to safety. I wish the best for Hillcrest Aircraft Company, and I am confident that they will continue to keep Idahoans and Americans safe. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING HERBERT NEEDLEMAN ∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I recently received the sad news that Dr. Herbert L. Needleman has passed away. With Herbert’s passing, we lost a great man—and the scientific community lost one of its best. In the 1970s, Herb undertook groundbreaking studies that revealed the dangers of lead exposure in chil-dren. According to the Pittsburgh Ga-zette, Herb ‘‘had been thinking about the impact lead had on children’s cog-nitive abilities for nearly two decades before he finally came up with a way to test historic lead levels.’’ He made powerful adversaries in the lead indus-try, but true to his research, Dr. Needleman found new and inventive ways to prove the toxic effects of lead exposure. As a researcher at Temple Univer-sity, he developed the ‘‘Tooth Fairy’’ approach: a method to test children’s baby teeth for lead exposure levels. This method led to pioneering research that found that Black children living in cities had lead levels five times higher than suburban, White children. In the words of Herb’s son, ‘‘He just couldn’t tolerate injustice and could not stop seeking the truth.’’ The re-sults of Herb’s hard work and his dedi-cation to seeking the truth today reach from the halls of science to the apart-ments of inner cities. I got to see his determination first hand, working alongside him in fight-ing the lead paint industry in Rhode Is-land. When I was confronting the lead industry, over 35,000 Rhode Island chil-dren under the age of 6 had elevated levels of lead in their systems. His re-search was instrumental in the fight for the health of Rhode Island’s chil-dren. I am deeply grateful for Herbert’s help in my home State, and I know Rhode Island families are grateful as well. America has lost a beloved pediatri-cian, psychiatrist, and brilliant sci-entist. I offer my condolences to the Needleman family and to the many people he taught and mentored through the years. He lives on as a lasting les-son in the power of science to help oth-ers.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:31 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Mr. W
OMACK of Ar-kansas. The message also announced that pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2702 and the order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.053 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4764 August 2, 2017 
of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following indi-vidual on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Advisory Com-mittee on the Records of Congress: Ms. Lori Schwartz of Omaha, Nebraska. The message further announced that pursuant to section 114(b) of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1103), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker ap-points the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development for a term of 6 years: Mrs. M
ARTHA ROBYof Mont-gomery, Alabama. The message also announced that pursuant to section 214(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20944), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Election Assistance Commission Board of Advisors: Mr. Elliot Berke of Arling-ton, Virginia. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2454. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Priorities List’’ (FRL No. 9965–31–OLEM) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2455. A communication from the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Sur-vivors Insurance and Federal Disability In-surance Trust Funds, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Federal Dis-ability Insurance Trust Fund; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–2456. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0837); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2457. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defini-tions and Selection Criteria that Apply to Direct Grant Programs’’ (RIN1855–AA13) re-ceived in the Office of the President pro tem-pore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2458. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Money Penalty Amounts; Technical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2017–N–0011) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2459. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Labeling of Standard Menu Items in Restaurants and Similar Re-tail Food Establishments; Extension of Com-pliance Date; Extension of Comment Period; Correction’’ ((RIN0910–ZA48) (Docket No. FDA–2011–F–0172)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 31, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2460. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–2461. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Labeling Rule’’ (RIN3084–AB15) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–79. A resolution adopted by the Leg-islature of the State of Hawaii submitting an application to the United States Congress to restore free and fair elections; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 25 Whereas, according to The Federalist No. 52 by James Madison, the framers of the Con-stitution of the United States intended that the Congress of the United States should be ‘‘dependent on the people alone’’; and Whereas, the ‘‘dependency on the people alone’’ has evolved into a dependency on powerful special interests that act through campaigns or third-party groups, thereby creating a fundamental imbalance in our representative democracy; and Whereas, Americans across the political spectrum agree that elections in the United States should be free from the dispropor-tional influence of special interests and fair enough that any citizen can be elected into office; and Whereas, Article V of the United States Constitution requires Congress to convene a convention for proposing amendments to the federal Constitution on the application of two-thirds of the legislatures of the several states; and Whereas, the Twenty-ninth Legislature of the State of Hawaii desires to restore bal-ance and integrity to our elections by pro-posing a federal constitutional amendment to permanently protect free and fair elec-tions in the United States by addressing issues raised by the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, 558 U.S. 310 (2010), and related cases and events; and Whereas, the Twenty-ninth Legislature de-sires that Hawaii have an equal number of delegates to the Convention as any other state; provided that former or current fed-eral office holders, whether elected or ap-pointed, are not eligible to serve as delegates to the Convention; and Whereas, the Twenty-ninth Legislature shall retain the ability to restrict or expand the authority of its delegates within the lim-its expressed herein; and Whereas, the Twenty-ninth Legislature in-tends that this continuing application shall be considered with the applications that have been adopted by the 2013–2014 Vermont Legislature, the 2013–2014 California Legisla-ture, the Ninety-eighth Illinois General As-sembly, the 2014–2015 New Jersey Legisla-ture, and the 2015–2016 Rhode Island Legisla-ture, as well as all applications that are sub-sequently adopted until two-thirds of the several states have applied for, and Congress has convened, a convention for proposing amendments to restore free and fair elec-tions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the House of Representatives of the Twenty-ninth Legislature of the State of Hawaii, Regular Session of 2017, the Sen-ate concurring, that the people of the State of Hawaii speaking through its Legislature, hereby submit an application to the United States Congress to restore free and fair elec-tions as described herein; and be it further Resolved, That certified copies of this Con-current Resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States; Vice Presi-dent of the United States, as presiding offi-cer of the United States Senate; President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate; the Minority Leader of the United States Senate; the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives; the Minority Leader of the United States House of Rep-resentatives; and Hawaii’s Congressional del-egation. POM–80. A resolution adopted by the City Commission of the City of Sunrise, Florida urging the United States Congress to oppose the proposed elimination of the Community Development Block Grant and Home Invest-ment Partnerships Programs and supporting full funding in the Fiscal Year 2018 budget for the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. POM–81. A resolution adopted by the City Commission of the City of Sunrise, Florida urging the United States Congress to enact legislation modernizing the immigration system during the 115th Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 810. A bill to facilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–142). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 669. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facili-ties that were constructed to provide af-fected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facilities and struc-tures to improve those conditions, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–143). By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 154. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to ensure small businesses affected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eligi-ble for disaster relief. S. 650. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to expand tax credit education and training for small businesses that engage in research and development, and for other pur-poses. S. 690. A bill to extend the eligibility of re-designated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.005 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4765 August 2, 2017 
By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with amendments: S. 929. A bill to improve the HUBZone pro-gram. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1038. A bill to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to sub-mit to Congress a report on the utilization of small businesses with respect to certain Fed-eral contracts. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 1428. A bill to amend section 21 of the Small Business Act to require cyber certifi-cation for small business development center counselors, and for other purposes. By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, without amendment: S. 1598. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *Brian D. Quintenz, of Ohio, to be a Com-missioner of the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission for a term expiring April 13, 2020. *Dawn DeBerry Stump, of Texas, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring April 13, 2022. *Rostin Behnam, of New Jersey, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring June 19, 2021. By Mr. M
CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Mark D. Camerer, to be Major General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. DeWolfe H. Miller III, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. John D. Alexander, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. John C. Aquilino, to be Vice Admiral. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Robert P. Ashley, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Darrell J. Guthrie, to be Major General. Army nomination of Col. Brian E. Miller, to be Brigadier General. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD  on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Army nomination of Damian R. Tong, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Dennis Arroyo and ending with Brian P. Weber, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Murray E. Carlock and ending with Carlos V. Silva, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Alon S. Aharon and ending with Edwin A. Wymer, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Julia R. Plevnia and ending with Hal E. Vineyard, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Tressa D. Cochran and ending with Karen F. Wiggins, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Loren D. Adams and ending with Philip A. Wentz, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Joanne E. Arsenault and ending with Felisha L. Rhodes, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Michael E. Alvis and ending with Jeffrey P. Wood, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with John W. Aldridge and ending with Philip E. Zapanta, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Scott R. Cheever and ending with Diana E. Zschaschel, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Edward J. Alexander and ending with Bridget C. Wolfe, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Robin Crear and ending with Neil P. Woods, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Eric W. Bullock and ending with Crystal R. Romay, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 27, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Betty S. Alexander and ending with James S. Zmijski, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Dominic J. Antenucci and ending with Matthew J. Wooten, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Clemia Anderson and ending with Michael A. Zundel, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Eric F. Bauman and ending with Evan R. Whitbeck, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Thomas B. Ableman and ending with Bruce A. Yee, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Eric W. Hass and ending with Gail M. Mulleavy, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Chris-topher L. Almond and ending with Daniel W. Wall, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Robert E. Bradshaw and ending with Leroy C. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Thomas E. Arnold and ending with Michael P. Yunker, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 20, 2017. Navy nomination of Clair E. Smith, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Morgan E. McClellan, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Andrew B. Bridgforth and ending with Ronald J. Mitchell, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 25, 2017. By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. *Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2016. *Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Eco-nomic Affairs. *Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary of Com-merce and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service. *Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Trans-portation. *Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2015. *Mark H. Buzby, of Virginia, to be Admin-istrator of the Maritime Administration. *Peter B. Davidson, of Virginia, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of Com-merce. *Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be Chairman of the National Transpor-tation Safety Board for a term of two years. *Brendan Carr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2018. *Brendan Carr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2018. *Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration. By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. *James J. Sullivan, Jr., of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission for a term expiring April 27, 2021. *Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Medical Di-rector in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, subject to the qualifications therefor as provided by law and regulations, and to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. *Heather L. MacDougall, of Florida, to be a Member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission for a term expir-ing April 27, 2023. *Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, Department of Health and Human Services. *Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. *Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Med-ical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, subject to qualifica-tions therefor as provided by law and regula-tions, and to be Surgeon General of the Pub-lic Health Service for a term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.011 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4766 August 2, 2017 
*Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, to be Med-ical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, subject to qualifica-tions therefor as provided by law and regula-tions, and to be Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response, Department of Health and Human Services. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. A
LEXANDER ): S. 1700. A bill to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to establish a WaterSense program within the Environ-mental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 1701. A bill to provide for Federal agen-cies to develop public access policies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. RISCH: S. 1702. A bill to amend the Marine Mam-mal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce preda-tion by sea lions on endangered Columbia River salmon and other species not listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 1703. A bill to amend section 212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to allow certain alien veterans to be paroled into the United States to receive health care furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 1704. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a veterans visa program to permit veterans who have been removed from the United States to re-turn as immigrants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 1705. A bill to provide to the Secretary of Agriculture the ability to enter into a lease agreement for administrative sites on National Forest System land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 1706. A bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 1707. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to provide for a standard medical expense deduction under the supple-mental nutrition assistance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 1708. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to provide that certain students who are family caregivers are eligi-ble to participate in the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. HATCH , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 1709. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a certification proc-ess for the issuance of nondisclosure require-ments accompanying certain administrative subpoenas, to provide for judicial review of such nondisclosure requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R
EED, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. H ARRIS , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 1710. A bill to reduce the Federal budget deficit by closing big oil tax loopholes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 1711. A bill to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to assist States in adopting updated interconnection procedures and tariff schedules and stand-ards for supplemental, backup, and standby power fees for projects for combined heat and power technology and waste heat to power technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 1712. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for the auto-matic recertification of income for income- driven repayment plans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. R EED): S. 1713. A bill to require certain financial assistance under the State energy program and the Weatherization Assistance Program to be distributed without undue delay to sup-port State and local high-impact energy effi-ciency and renewable energy initiatives; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 1714. A bill to provide for the conduct of certain economic activities in Malheur County, Oregon, to provide for the conduct of a study on the need for a regional eco-nomic commission for certain counties in the State of Oregon, to withdraw certain Federal land located in Malheur County, Or-egon, from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, loca-tion, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and operation under the mineral leas-ing laws, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. MCCASKILL , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. R EED, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. K
ING, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 1715. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify that all provi-sions shall apply to legally married same-sex couples in the same manner as other married couples, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. 1716. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to em-ployers who provide paid family and medical leave, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1717. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to ensure that persons who form corporations or limited liability com-panies in the United States disclose the ben-eficial owners of those corporations or lim-ited liability companies, in order to prevent wrongdoers from exploiting United States corporations and limited liability companies for criminal gain, to assist law enforcement in detecting, preventing, and punishing ter-rorism, money laundering, and other mis-conduct involving United States corpora-tions and limited liability companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 1718. A bill to authorize the minting of a coin in honor of the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 1719. A bill to eliminate duties on im-ports of recreational performance outerwear, to establish the Sustainable Textile and Ap-parel Research Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 1720. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to establish a skills- based immigration points system, to focus family-sponsored immigration on spouses and minor children, to eliminate the Diver-sity Visa Program, to set a limit on the number of refugees admitted annually to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 1721. A bill to amend titles 10 and 37, United States Code, to provide compensation and credit for retired pay purposes for ma-ternity leave taken by members of the re-serve components, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SULLIVAN: S. 1722. A bill to require the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to consider the reciprocity of foreign invest-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. SANDERS: S. 1723. A bill to appropriate amounts to the Department of Veterans Affairs to im-prove health care furnished by the Depart-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.012 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4767 August 2, 2017 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 1724. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a new tax cred-it and grant program to stimulate invest-ment and healthy nutrition options in food deserts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 1725. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to identify each alien who has served, or is serving, in the Armed Forces of the United States when any alien applies for an immigration benefit or is placed in an immigration enforcement pro-ceeding, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. L EAHY , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 1726. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to require shareholder au-thorization before a public company may make certain political expenditures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 1727. A bill to establish a naturalization office at every initial military training site; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 1728. A bill to require non-Federal pris-on, correctional, and detention facilities holding Federal prisoners or detainees under a contract with the Federal Government to make the same information available to the public that Federal prisons and correctional facilities are required to make available; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 1729. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for inde-pendent accreditation for dialysis facilities and assurances of high quality surveys; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. E
NZI, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 1730. A bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. THUNE: S. 1731. A bill to address the forest health crisis on National Forest System land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. P ETERS ): S. Res. 242. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate about a strategy to de-ploy fifth generation mobile networks (5G networks) and next-generation wireless and wired technologies to promote economic de-velopment and digital innovation through-out the United States; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. GARD-
NER, Mr. L EE, Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , and Mr. B ENNET ): S. Res. 243. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Joseph Leon George should be honored for heroism at Pearl Har-bor, Hawaii, on December 7, 1941; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 244. A resolution to authorize testi-mony, document production, and representa-tion in United States of America v. Robert Menendez, et al; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health cov-erage. 
S. 168 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 168, a bill to amend and en-hance certain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 256 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 256, a bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot pro-gram to address human trafficking in the health care system. 
S. 261 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 261, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure re-quirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contribu-tions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 283 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 283, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treat-ment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radi-ation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise ar-riving through the mail shall be sub-ject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes. 
S. 394 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 394, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to provide that a member of the Armed Forces and the spouse of that member shall have the same rights regarding the receipt of firearms at the location of any duty station of the member. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to au-thorize States to provide coordinated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 456 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 456, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish a program to increase the development of new drugs to treat pediatric cancers, and for other purposes. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 581 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.014 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4768 August 2, 2017 
cosponsors of S. 581, a bill to include information concerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 635 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 635, a bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prohibit the ex-clusion of individuals from service on a Federal jury on account of sexual ori-entation or gender identity. 
S. 655 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 655, a bill to exempt certain 16- and 17-year-old individuals em-ployed in logging operations from child labor laws. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. S
HELBY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boy-cotts fostered by international govern-mental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 808 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 808, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 828 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 828, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Act to require the appropriate Federal banking agen-cies to treat certain municipal obliga-tions as level 2B liquid assets, and for other purposes. 
S. 916 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 916, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. 
S. 976 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) were added as cosponsors of S. 976, a bill to restore States’ sovereign rights to en-force State and local sales and use tax laws, and for other purposes. S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Ne-vada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial in-stitutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1044 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1044, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure equal access of Medicare beneficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network pharmacies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1113 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1113, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1139 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1139, a bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to mod-ify the requirements of stress tests. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1182, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. At the request of Mr. B
ARRASSO , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1182, supra. 
S. 1254 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1254, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the small employer health insurance cred-it. 
S. 1311 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1311, a bill to provide assist-ance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States. 
S. 1312 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1312, a bill to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States. 
S. 1348 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1348, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require drug manufacturers to publicly justify un-necessary price increases. 
S. 1354 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1354, a bill to establish an Individual Market Reinsurance fund to provide funding for State individual market stabilization reinsurance programs. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1428, a bill to amend section 21 of the Small Business Act to require cyber certification for small business development center counselors, and for other purposes. 
S. 1462 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1462, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to improve cost sharing subsidies. 
S. 1500 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1500, a bill to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to ensure that the reciprocal deposits of an insured depos-itory institution are not considered to be funds obtained by or through a de-posit broker, and for other purposes. 
S. 1509 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1509, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize an extension of exclu-sivity periods for certain drugs that are approved for a new indication for a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1512, a bill to prohibit the Sec-retary of Energy, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Transportation, and the Chair of the Council on Environmental Qual-ity from considering, in taking any ac-tion, the social cost of carbon, the so-cial cost of methane, the social cost of nitrous oxide, or the social cost of any other greenhouse gas, unless compliant with Office of Management and Budget guidance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1532 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1532, a bill to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.016 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4769 August 2, 2017 
S. 1536 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1536, a bill to designate a human traf-ficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities author-ized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1558 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1558, a bill to amend section 203 of Public Law 94–305 to ensure proper au-thority for the Office of Advocacy of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1568 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1568, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of President John F. Kennedy. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1598, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1615 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1615, a bill to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjust-ment of status of certain individuals who are long-term United States resi-dents and who entered the United States as children, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1636 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1636, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 1685 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1685, a bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to establish procedures for considering certain credit scores in making a determination whether to purchase a residential mortgage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1688 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1688, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to negotiate fair prescription drug prices under part D of the Medicare program. S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent reso-lution expressing the sense of Congress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit soci-eties have historically provided and continue to provide critical benefits to the people and communities of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 575 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 575 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 592 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 592 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 680 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 680 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 1701. A bill to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access poli-cies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1701 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Access to Science and Technology Research Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Federal Government funds basic and applied research with the expectation that new ideas and discoveries that result from the research, if shared and effectively dis-seminated, will advance science and improve the lives and welfare of people of the United States and around the world; (2) the Internet makes it possible for this information to be promptly available to every scientist, physician, educator, and cit-izen at home, in school, or in a library; (3) the United States has a substantial in-terest in maximizing the impact and utility of the research it funds by enabling a wide range of reuses of the peer-reviewed lit-erature that reports the results of such re-search, including by enabling computational analysis by state-of-the-art technologies; (4) the Office of Science and Technology Policy issued a policy memorandum dated February 22, 2013, which established the com-mitment of the executive branch of the Fed-eral Government to ensuring that ‘‘the di-rect results of Federally funded scientific re-search are made available to and useful for the public, industry, and the scientific com-munity’’; and (5) the executive branch advises that such public access should be implemented ‘‘with the fewest constraints possible’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITION OF FEDERAL AGENCY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Federal agency’’ means an Executive agency, as defined under section 105 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL RESEARCH PUBLIC ACCESS POLICY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TODEVELOP POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, each Fed-eral agency with annual extramural research expenditures of over $100,000,000 shall develop a Federal research public access policy that is consistent with and advances the purposes of the Federal agency. (2) C
OMMON PROCEDURES .—To the extent practicable, Federal agencies required to de-velop a policy under paragraph (1) shall fol-low common procedures for the collection and depositing of research papers. (b) C
ONTENT .—Each Federal research public access policy shall provide for— (1) submission to a digital repository des-ignated or maintained by the Federal agency of an electronic version of the author’s final manuscript of original research papers that have been accepted for publication in peer- reviewed journals and that result from re-search supported, in whole or in part, from funding by the Federal Government; (2) the incorporation of all changes result-ing from the peer review publication process in the manuscript described under paragraph (1); (3) the replacement of the final manuscript with the final published version if— (A) the publisher consents to the replace-ment; and (B) the goals of the Federal agency for functionality and interoperability are re-tained; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.018 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4770 August 2, 2017 
(4) free online public access to such final peer-reviewed manuscripts or published versions within a time period that is appro-priate for each type of research conducted or sponsored by the Federal agency, not later than 12 months after publication in peer-re-viewed journals, preferably sooner, or as ad-justed under established mechanisms; (5) a means, using established mechanisms for making requests to the applicable Fed-eral agency, for members of the public and other stakeholders to request to adjust the period before such a final peer-reviewed manuscript or published version is made pub-licly available by presenting evidence dem-onstrating that the period is inconsistent with the objectives of the Federal research public access policy or the needs of the pub-lic, industry, or the scientific community; (6) providing research papers as described in paragraph (4) in formats and under terms that enable productive reuse of the research and computational analysis by state-of-the- art technologies; (7) improving the ability of the public to locate and access research papers made ac-cessible under the Federal research public access policy; and (8) long-term preservation of, and free pub-lic access to, published research findings— (A) in a stable digital repository main-tained by the Federal agency; or (B) if consistent with the purposes of the Federal agency, in any repository meeting conditions determined favorable by the Fed-eral agency (including free public access), interoperability, and long-term preservation. (c) A
PPLICATION OF POLICY .—Each Federal research public access policy shall— (1) apply to— (A) researchers employed by the Federal agency whose works remain in the public do-main; and (B) researchers funded by the Federal agen-cy; (2) provide that works described under paragraph (1)(A) shall be— (A) marked as being public domain mate-rial when published; and (B) made available at the same time such works are made available under subsection (b)(4); and (3) make effective use of any law or guid-ance relating to the creation and reservation of a Government license that provides for the reproduction, publication, release, or other uses of a final manuscript for Federal purposes. (d) E
XCLUSIONS .—Each Federal research public access policy shall not apply to— (1) research progress reports presented at professional meetings or conferences; (2) laboratory notes, preliminary data analyses, notes of the author, phone logs, or other information used to produce final manuscripts; (3) classified research, research resulting in works that generate revenue or royalties for authors (such as books) or patentable dis-coveries, to the extent necessary to protect a copyright or patent; or (4) authors who do not submit their work to a journal or works that are rejected by journals. (e) P
ATENT OR COPYRIGHT LAW.—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to affect any right under the provisions of title 17 or 35, United States Code. (f) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) includes an analysis of the period be-tween the date on which each paper becomes publicly available in a journal and the date on which the paper is in the online reposi-tory of the applicable Federal agency; and (2) examines the effectiveness of the Fed-eral research public access policy in pro-viding the public with free online access to papers on research funded by each Federal agency required to develop a policy under subsection (a)(1), including— (A) whether the terms of use applicable to such research papers in effect are effective in enabling productive reuse of the research and computational analysis by state-of-the- art technologies; and (B) examines whether such research papers should include a royalty-free copyright li-cense that is available to the public and that permits the reuse of those research papers, on the condition that attribution is given to the author or authors of the research and any others designated by the copyright owner. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1717. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to ensure that per-sons who form corporations or limited liability companies in the United States disclose the beneficial owners of those corporations or limited liability companies, in order to prevent wrong-doers from exploiting United States corporations and limited liability com-panies for criminal gain, to assist law enforcement in detecting, preventing, and punishing terrorism, money laun-dering, and other misconduct involving United States corporations and limited liability companies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am, along with Senator R
UBIO, intro-ducing the Corporate Transparency Act of 2017. This bill will help us end the abuse of anonymous shell companies by criminals who use these entities to launder money, finance terrorism, pro-mote sex trafficking, and evade taxes. Each year criminals use anonymous shell companies to carry out their elic-it schemes. Viktor Bout, the so-called ‘‘merchant of death,’’ utilized a vast network of shell corporations, several of which were in the United States, in-cluding one suspected of having pro-vided weapons to the Taliban. Another anonymous U.S. company owned a large share of a Manhattan skyscraper and used its anonymity to facilitate $4.5 million in payments to an Iranian bank that was designated by OFAC as a key financier to Iran’s nuclear and bal-listic missiles program. Anonymous shell companies have been used to rip off taxpayers as well. In 2010, Michel Huarte was sentenced to 22 years in prison after using a network of 29 shell companies in several States to defraud Medicare, using the entities to submit claims of more than $50 million. Last year, the release of documents known as the Panama Papers leaked from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca highlighted the use of American shell companies to carry out potential crimes. Shell company abuse is not just in occurring in off-shore tax havens, but right here in the United States, and this bill seeks to put a stop to that. In the United States, company reg-istrations take place at the State- level. The Corporate Transparency Act of 2017 directs the Treasury Depart-ment to issue regulations requiring en-tities formed in the United States to declare their beneficial owners—the real, natural persons who control each company and benefit from it finan-cially. The bill would do this by setting minimum disclosure standards for States to follow. If individual States choose to collect this information on behalf of businesses formed there, then that’s all that a new business would need to do to comply. Participation by the States is completely voluntary. If companies are formed in States that do not collect this information consistent with the new minimum standards, they will need to disclose their beneficial owners directly to the U.S. Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes En-forcement Network. Collecting beneficial ownership infor-mation at the time a company is formed will offer the transparency law enforcement needs to investigate these kinds of financial crimes. Under the bill, the new beneficial ownership in-formation would not be available to the public, but available only to appro-priate state and federal authorities. Fi-nally, the bill provides civil and crimi-nal penalties for improper disclosure. The bill is constructed to exempt many legitimate businesses, and the information requested is already pro-vided by most companies in the normal course of business. Collecting bene-ficial ownership information at the time of incorporation relieves later compliance burdens for legitimate businesses, while at the same time pre-vents illegitimate businesses from op-erating in secrecy. The House companion to this bill, H.R. 3089, was introduced with bipar-tisan support and efforts to identify the true owners of shell companies have the support of business groups like the Clearing House Association and the B-Team, law enforcement groups like the Fraternal Order of Po-lice, and anti-corruption advocacy groups like the Financial Account-ability and Corporate Transparency (FACT) Coalition and Global Witness. The Corporate Transparency Act of 2017 is a much needed step in stopping financial crimes and the abuse of anon-ymous shell companies. I thank Sen-ator R
UBIO for joining me in intro-ducing this bill, and I ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1717 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Corporate Transparency Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.019 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4771 August 2, 2017 
(1) Nearly 2,000,000 corporations and lim-ited liability companies are being formed under the laws of the States each year. (2) Very few States obtain meaningful in-formation about the beneficial owners of the corporations and limited liability companies formed under their laws. (3) A person forming a corporation or lim-ited liability company within the United States typically provides less information to the State of incorporation than is needed to obtain a bank account or driver’s license and typically does not name a single beneficial owner. (4) Criminals have exploited the weak-nesses in State formation procedures to con-ceal their identities when forming corpora-tions or limited liability companies in the United States, and have then used the newly created entities to commit crimes affecting interstate and international commerce such as terrorism, drug trafficking, money laun-dering, tax evasion, securities fraud, finan-cial fraud, and acts of foreign corruption. (5) Law enforcement efforts to investigate corporations and limited liability companies suspected of committing crimes have been impeded by the lack of available beneficial ownership information, as documented in re-ports and testimony by officials from the De-partment of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, and the Government Accountability Office, and others. (6) In July 2006, a leading international anti-money laundering organization, the Fi-nancial Action Task Force on Money Laun-dering (in this section referred to as the ‘‘FATF’’), of which the United States is a member, issued a report that criticizes the United States for failing to comply with a FATF standard on the need to collect bene-ficial ownership information and urged the United States to correct this deficiency by July 2008. In December 2016, FATF issued an-other evaluation of the U.S., which found that little progress has been made over the last ten years to address this problem. It identified the ‘‘lack of timely access to ade-quate, accurate and current beneficial own-ership information’’ as a fundamental gap in U.S. efforts to combat money laundering and terrorist finance. (7) In response to the 2006 FATF report, the United States has repeatedly urged the States to strengthen their incorporation practices by obtaining beneficial ownership information for the corporations and limited liability companies formed under the laws of such States. (8) Many States have established auto-mated procedures that allow a person to form a new corporation or limited liability company within the State within 24 hours of filing an online application, without any prior review of the application by a State of-ficial. In exchange for a substantial fee, 2 States will form a corporation within 1 hour of a request. (9) Dozens of Internet Web sites highlight the anonymity of beneficial owners allowed under the incorporation practices of some States, point to those practices as a reason to incorporate in those States, and list those States together with offshore jurisdictions as preferred locations for the formation of new corporations, essentially providing an open invitation to criminals and other wrongdoers to form entities within the United States. (10) In contrast to practices in the United States, all 28 countries in the European Union are required to have formation agents identify the beneficial owners of the corpora-tions formed under the laws of the country. (11) To reduce the vulnerability of the United States to wrongdoing by United States corporations and limited liability companies with hidden owners, to protect interstate and international commerce from criminals misusing United States corpora-tions and limited liability companies, to strengthen law enforcement investigations of suspect corporations and limited liability companies, to set minimum standards for and level the playing field among State in-corporation practices, and to bring the United States into compliance with its inter-national anti-money laundering standards, Federal legislation is needed to require the collection of beneficial ownership informa-tion for the corporations and limited liabil-ity companies formed under the laws of such States. 
SEC. 3. TRANSPARENT INCORPORATION PRAC-TICES. 
(a) T RANSPARENT INCORPORATION PRAC-
TICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5332 the following new section: ‘‘§ 5333. Transparent incorporation practices ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the begin-ning of fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue regulations requiring each corporation and limited liability com-pany formed in a State that does not have a formation system described under subsection (b) to file with the Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network such information as the cor-poration or limited liability company would be required to provide the State if such State had a formation system described under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP  
INFORMATION .—Beneficial ownership informa-tion reported to the Financial Crimes En-forcement Network pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be provided by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network upon receipt of— ‘‘(A) a civil or criminal subpoena or sum-mons from a State agency, Federal agency, or congressional committee or subcommittee requesting such information; ‘‘(B) a written request made by a Federal agency on behalf of another country under an international treaty, agreement, or con-vention, or an order under section 3512 of title 18 or section 1782 of title 28 issued in re-sponse to a request for assistance from a for-eign country; or ‘‘(C) a written request made by a financial institution, with customer consent, as part of the institution’s compliance with due dili-gence requirements imposed under the Bank Secrecy Act (Public Law 91508; 84 Stat. 1114), the USA PATRIOT Act (Public Law 10756; 115 Stat. 272), or other applicable Federal or State law. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In issuing regulations pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall not require such information to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(b) F
ORMATION SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a State, a formation system is described under this subsection if it meets the following require-ments: ‘‘(A) I
DENTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL OWN -
ERS.—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (4), and subject to paragraph (3), each ap-plicant to form a corporation or limited li-ability company under the laws of the State is required to provide to the State during the formation process a list of the beneficial owners of the corporation or limited liability company that— ‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (F), identifies each beneficial owner by— ‘‘(I) name; ‘‘(II) current residential or business street address; and ‘‘(III) a unique identifying number from a non-expired passport issued by the United States or a non-expired driver’s license issued by a State; and ‘‘(ii) if the applicant is not the beneficial owner, provides the identification informa-tion described in clause (i) relating to the applicant. ‘‘(B) UPDATED INFORMATION .—For each cor-poration or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State— ‘‘(i) the corporation or limited liability company is required by the State to update the list of the beneficial owners of the cor-poration or limited liability company by providing the information described in sub-paragraph (A) to the State not later than 60 days after the date of any change in the list of beneficial owners or the information re-quired to be provided relating to each bene-ficial owner; ‘‘(ii) in the case of a corporation or limited liability company formed or acquired by a formation agent and retained by the forma-tion agent as a beneficial owner for transfer to another person, the formation agent is re-quired by the State to submit to the State an updated list of the beneficial owners and the information described in subparagraph (A) for each such beneficial owner not later than 10 days after date on which the forma-tion agent transfers the corporation or lim-ited liability company to another person; and ‘‘(iii) the corporation or limited liability company is required by the State to submit to the State an annual filing containing the list of the beneficial owners of the corpora-tion or limited liability company and the in-formation described in subparagraph (A) for each such beneficial owner. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF INFORMATION .—Bene- ficial ownership information relating to each corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State is re-quired to be maintained by the State until the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date that the corporation or limited liability company terminates under the laws of the State. ‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION REQUESTS .—Beneficial ownership information relating to each cor-poration or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State shall be provided by the State upon receipt of— ‘‘(i) a civil or criminal subpoena or sum-mons from a State agency, Federal agency, or congressional committee or subcommittee requesting such information; ‘‘(ii) a written request made by a Federal agency on behalf of another country under an international treaty, agreement, or con-vention, or section 1782 of title 28; ‘‘(iii) a written request made by the Finan-cial Crimes Enforcement Network; or ‘‘(iv) a written request made by a financial institution, with customer consent, as part of the institution’s compliance with due dili-gence requirements imposed under the Bank Secrecy Act (Public Law 91508; 84 Stat. 1114), the USA PATRIOT Act (Public Law 10756; 115 Stat. 272), or other applicable Federal or State law. ‘‘(E) N
OTICE .—The State discloses clearly and conspicuously that the beneficial owner-ship information collected under the forma-tion system may be provided to the entities described in subparagraph (D), pursuant to the requirements of such subparagraph. ‘‘(F) N
O BEARER SHARE CORPORATIONS OR  
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES .—A corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State may not issue a certifi-cate in bearer form evidencing either a whole or fractional interest in the corpora-tion or limited liability company. ‘‘(2) S
TATES THAT LICENSE FORMATION  
AGENTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.023 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4772 August 2, 2017 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), a State described in subparagraph (B) may permit an applicant to form a cor-poration or limited liability company under the laws of the State, or a corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State, to provide the required in-formation to a licensed formation agent re-siding in the State, instead of to the State directly, if the application under paragraph (1)(A) or the update under paragraph (1)(B) contains— ‘‘(i) the name, current business address, contact information, and licensing number of the licensed formation agent that has agreed to maintain the information required under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) a certification by the licensed forma-tion agent that the licensed formation agent has possession of the information required under this subsection and will maintain the information in the State licensing the li-censed formation agent in accordance with State law. ‘‘(B) S
TATES DESCRIBED .—A State described in this subparagraph is a State that main-tains a formal licensing system for forma-tion agents that requires a formation agent to register with the State, meet standards for fitness and honesty, maintain a physical office and records within the State, undergo regular monitoring, and be subject to sanc-tions for noncompliance with State require-ments. ‘‘(C) L
ICENSED FORMATION AGENT DUTIES .—A licensed formation agent that receives bene-ficial ownership information under State law in accordance with this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) maintain the information in the State in which the corporation or limited liability company is being or has been formed in the same manner as required for States under paragraph (1)(C); ‘‘(ii) provide the information under the same circumstances as required for States under paragraph (1)(D); and ‘‘(iii) perform the duties of a formation agent under paragraph (3). ‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION OF RELATIONSHIP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a licensed formation agent that receives beneficial ownership information re-lating to a corporation or limited liability company under State law in accordance with this paragraph and that resigns, dissolves, or otherwise ends a relationship with the cor-poration or limited liability company shall promptly— ‘‘(I) notify the State in writing that the li-censed formation agent has resigned or ended the relationship; and ‘‘(II) transmit all beneficial ownership in-formation relating to the corporation or lim-ited liability company in the possession of the licensed formation agent to the licensing State. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If a licensed formation agent receives written instructions from a corporation or limited liability company, the licensed formation agent may transmit the beneficial ownership information relat-ing to the corporation or limited liability company to another licensed formation agent that is within the same State and has agreed to maintain the information in ac-cordance with this section. ‘‘(iii) N
OTICE TO STATE .—If a licensed for-mation agent provides beneficial ownership information to another licensed formation agent under clause (ii), the licensed forma-tion agent providing the information shall promptly notify in writing the State under the laws of which the corporation or limited liability company is formed of the identity of the licensed formation agent receiving the information. ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS .—If an ap- plicant to form a corporation or limited li-ability company or a beneficial owner, offi-cer, director, or similar agent of a corpora-tion or limited liability company who is re-quired to provide identification information under this subsection does not have a non- expired passport issued by the United States or a non-expired driver’s license or identi-fication card issued by a State, each applica-tion described in paragraph (1)(A) and each update described in paragraph (1)(B) shall in-clude a certification by a formation agent residing in the State that the formation agent— ‘‘(A) has obtained for each such person a current residential or business street address and a legible and credible copy of the pages of a non-expired passport issued by the gov-ernment of a foreign country bearing a pho-tograph, date of birth, and unique identi-fying information for the person; ‘‘(B) has verified the name, address, and identity of each such person; ‘‘(C) will provide the information described in subparagraph (A) and the proof of verification described in subparagraph (B) upon request under the same circumstances as required for States under paragraph (1)(D); and ‘‘(D) will retain the information and proof of verification under this paragraph in the State in which the corporation or limited li-ability company is being or has been formed until the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date that the corporation or limited liability company terminates under the laws of the State. ‘‘(4) EXEMPT ENTITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A formation system de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall require that an application for an entity described in sub-paragraph (C) or (D) of subsection (d)(2) that is proposed to be formed under the laws of a State and that will be exempt from the bene-ficial ownership disclosure requirements under this subsection shall include in the ap-plication a certification by the applicant, or a prospective officer, director, or similar agent of the entity— ‘‘(i) identifying the specific provision of subsection (d)(2) under which the entity pro-posed to be formed would be exempt from the beneficial ownership disclosure requirements under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3); ‘‘(ii) stating that the entity proposed to be formed meets the requirements for an entity described under such provision of subsection (d)(2); and ‘‘(iii) providing identification information for the applicant or prospective officer, di-rector, or similar agent making the certifi-cation in the same manner as provided under paragraph (1) or (3). ‘‘(B) E
XISTING ENTITIES .—On and after the date that is 2 years after the effective date of the amendments to the formation system of a State made to comply with this section, an entity formed under the laws of the State be-fore such effective date shall be considered to be a corporation or limited liability com-pany for purposes of, and shall be subject to the requirements of, this subsection unless an officer, director, or similar agent of the entity submits to the State a certification— ‘‘(i) identifying the specific provision of subsection (d)(2) under which the entity is exempt from the requirements under para-graphs (1), (2), and (3); ‘‘(ii) stating that the entity meets the re-quirements for an entity described under such provision of subsection (d)(2); and ‘‘(iii) providing identification information for the officer, director, or similar agent making the certification in the same manner as provided under paragraph (1) or (3). ‘‘(C) E
XEMPT ENTITIES HAVING OWNERSHIP  
INTEREST .—If an entity described in subpara-graph (C) or (D) of subsection (d)(2) has or will have an ownership interest in a corpora-tion or limited liability company formed or to be formed under the laws of a State, the applicant, corporation, or limited liability company in which the entity has or will have the ownership interest shall provide the in-formation required under this subsection re-lating to the entity, except that the entity shall not be required to provide information regarding any natural person who has an ownership interest in, exercises substantial control over, or receives substantial eco-nomic benefits from the entity. ‘‘(c) PENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for— ‘‘(A) any person to affect interstate or for-eign commerce by— ‘‘(i) knowingly providing, or attempting to provide, false or fraudulent beneficial owner-ship information, including a false or fraudu-lent identifying photograph, to a State or li-censed formation agent under State law in accordance with this section; ‘‘(ii) willfully failing to provide complete or updated beneficial ownership information to a State or licensed formation agent under State law in accordance with this section; or ‘‘(iii) knowingly disclosing the existence of a subpoena, summons, or other request for beneficial ownership information, except— ‘‘(I) to the extent necessary to fulfill the authorized request; ‘‘(II) as authorized by the entity that issued the subpoena, summons, or other re-quest; or ‘‘(III) as prescribed by a State; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a formation agent, knowingly failing to obtain or maintain credible, legible, and updated beneficial own-ership information, including any required identifying photograph. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES .—In ad- dition to any civil or criminal penalty that may be imposed by a State, any person who violates paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $10,000; and ‘‘(B) may be fined under title 18, impris-oned for not more than 3 years, or both. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) B
ENEFICIAL OWNER .—The term ‘bene-ficial owner’— ‘‘(A) means a natural person who, directly or indirectly— ‘‘(i) exercises substantial control over a corporation or limited liability company; or ‘‘(ii) has a substantial interest in or re-ceives substantial economic benefits from the assets of a corporation or limited liabil-ity company; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) a minor child; ‘‘(ii) a person acting as a nominee, inter-mediary, custodian, or agent on behalf of an-other person; ‘‘(iii) a person acting solely as an employee of a corporation or limited liability company and whose control over or economic benefits from the corporation or limited liability company derives solely from the employ-ment status of the person; ‘‘(iv) a person whose only interest in a cor-poration or limited liability company is through a right of inheritance, unless the person also meets the requirements of sub-paragraph (A); or ‘‘(v) a creditor of a corporation or limited liability company, unless the creditor also meets the requirements of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ORPORATION ; LIMITED LIABILITY COM -
PANY .—The terms ‘corporation’ and ‘limited liability company’— ‘‘(A) have the meanings given such terms under the laws of the applicable State; ‘‘(B) include any non-United States entity eligible for registration or registered to do business as a corporation or limited liability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.023 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4773 August 2, 2017 
company under the laws of the applicable State; ‘‘(C) do not include any entity that is, and discloses in the application by the entity to form under the laws of the State or, if the entity was formed before the date of the en-actment of this section, in a filing with the State under State law— ‘‘(i) a business concern that is an issuer of a class of securities registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l) or that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of that Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)); ‘‘(ii) a business concern constituted or sponsored by a State, a political subdivision of a State, under an interstate compact be-tween 2 or more States, by a department or agency of the United States, or under the laws of the United States; ‘‘(iii) a depository institution (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)); ‘‘(iv) a credit union (as defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752)); ‘‘(v) a bank holding company (as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841)); ‘‘(vi) a broker or dealer (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)) that is registered under sec-tion 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o); ‘‘(vii) an exchange or clearing agency (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)) that is reg-istered under section 6 or 17A of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f and 78q–1); ‘‘(viii) an investment company (as defined in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3)) or an investment ad-visor (as defined in section 202 of the Invest-ment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2)), if the company or adviser is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or has filed an application for registration which has not been denied, under the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) or the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.); ‘‘(ix) an insurance company (as defined in section 2 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2)); ‘‘(x) a registered entity (as defined in sec-tion 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a)), or a futures commission mer-chant, introducing broker, commodity pool operator, or commodity trading advisor (as defined in section 1a of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a)) that is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission; ‘‘(xi) a public accounting firm registered in accordance with section 102 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7212); ‘‘(xii) a public utility that provides tele-communications service, electrical power, natural gas, or water and sewer services, within the United States; ‘‘(xiii) a church, charity, or nonprofit enti-ty that is described in section 501(c), 527, or 4947(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, has not been denied tax exempt status, and has filed the most recently due annual information return with the Internal Rev-enue Service, if required to file such a re-turn; ‘‘(xiv) any business concern that— ‘‘(I) employs more than 20 employees on a full-time basis in the United States; ‘‘(II) files income tax returns in the United States demonstrating more than $5,000,000 in gross receipts or sales; and ‘‘(III) has an operating presence at a phys-ical office within the United States; or ‘‘(xv) any corporation or limited liability company formed and owned by an entity de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii), (xiii), or (xiv); and ‘‘(D) do not include any individual business concern or class of business concerns which the Secretary of the Treasury, with the writ-ten concurrence of the Attorney General of the United States, has determined in writing should be exempt from the requirements of subsection (a), because requiring beneficial ownership information from the business concern would not serve the public interest and would not assist law enforcement efforts to detect, prevent, or punish terrorism, money laundering, tax evasion, or other mis-conduct. ‘‘(3) F
ORMATION AGENT .—The term ‘forma-tion agent’ means a person who, for com-pensation— ‘‘(A) acts on behalf of another person to as-sist in the formation of a corporation or lim-ited liability company under the laws of a State; or ‘‘(B) purchases, sells, or transfers the pub-lic records that form a corporation or lim-ited liability company.’’. (2) R
ULEMAKING .—To carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General of the United States, may issue guidance or a rule to— (A) clarify the definitions under section 5333(d) of title 31, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1); and (B) specify how to verify beneficial owner-ship information or other identification in-formation for purposes of such section 5333, including whether the verification proce-dures specified in section 5333(b)(3) should apply to all applicants under section 5333(b)(1) or whether such verification proc-ess should require the notarization of signa-tures. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 31, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 5321(a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 5314 and 5315’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘sections 5314, 5315, and 5333’’; and (ii) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(except section 5333)’’ after ‘‘subchapter’’ each place it appears; and (B) in section 5322, by striking ‘‘section 5315 or 5324’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 5315, 5324, or 5333’’. (4) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5332 the following: ‘‘Sec. 5333. Transparent incorporation prac-tices.’’. (5) R
ESTRICTIONS ON PUBLIC ACCESS .—A State may— (A) restrict public access to all or any por-tion of the beneficial ownership information provided to the State as described under sec-tion 5332 of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act; and (B) by statute, regulation, order, or inter-pretation adopted or issued by the State after the date of enactment of this Act, pro-vide for public access to all or any portion of such information. (6) N
O DUTY OF VERIFICATION .—This Act and the amendments made by this Act do not im-pose any obligation on a State to verify the name, address, or identity of a beneficial owner whose information is submitted to such State under section 5333 of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act. (b) F
UNDING AUTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out section 5333 of title 31, United States Code, during the 3- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, funds shall be made avail-able to each State to pay reasonable costs relating to compliance with the require-ments of such section. (2) FUNDING SOURCES .—To protect the United States against the misuse of United States corporations and limited liability companies with hidden owners, funds shall be provided to each State to carry out the purposes described in paragraph (1) from one or more of the following sources: (A) Upon application by a State, and with-out further appropriation, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the State unobligated balances described in sec-tion 9703(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code, in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established under section 9703(a) of title 31, United States Code. (B) Upon application by a State, after con-sultation with the Secretary of the Treas-ury, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General of the United States shall make available to the State excess unobli-gated balances (as defined in section 524(c)(8)(D) of title 28, United States Code) in the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund established under section 524(c) of title 28, United States Code. (3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS .— (A) D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY .—The Secretary of the Treasury may not make available to States a total of more than $30,000,000 under paragraph (2)(A). (B) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—The Attor-ney General of the United States may not make available to States a total of more than $10,000,000 under paragraph (2)(B). (4) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General shall, jointly, issue regulations setting forth the procedures for States to apply for funds under this subsection, including determining which State measures should be funded to assess, plan, develop, test, or implement rel-evant policies, procedures, or system modi-fications. (c) C
OMPLIANCE REPORT .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this sec-tion authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-ury to withhold from a State any funding otherwise available to the State because of a failure by that State to comply with section 5333 of title 31, United States Code. Not later than the end of the 42-month period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report— (1) identifying which States obtain bene-ficial ownership information as described in such section 5333; (2) with respect to each State that does not obtain such information, whether corpora-tions and limited liability companies formed under the laws of such State are in compli-ance with such section 5333 and providing the specified beneficial ownership information to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network; and (3) whether the Department of the Treas-ury is in compliance with such section 5333 and, if not, what steps it must take to come into compliance with this section. (d) F
EDERAL CONTRACTORS .—Not later than the first day of the first full fiscal year be-ginning at least 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall revise the Federal Acquisition Regulation maintained under section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, to require any contractor who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.023 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4774 August 2, 2017 
is subject to the requirement to disclose ben-eficial ownership information under section 5333 of title 31, United States Code, to pro-vide the information required to be disclosed under such section to the Federal Govern-ment as part of any bid or proposal for a con-tract with a value threshold in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold under sec-tion 134 of title 41, United States Code. (e) A
NTI-MONEY LAUNDERING OBLIGATIONS  
OFFORMATION AGENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (Y), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (Z) as subparagraph (AA); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (Y) the following: ‘‘(Z) any person who, for compensation— ‘‘(i) acts on behalf of another person to form, or assist in formation of, a corporation or limited liability company under the laws of a State; or ‘‘(ii) purchases, sells, or transfers the pub-lic records that form a corporation or lim-ited liability company; or’’. (2) D
EADLINE FOR ANTI -MONEY LAUNDERING  
RULE FOR FORMATION AGENTS .— (A) P
ROPOSED RULE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consulta-tion with the Attorney General of the United States and the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, shall publish a proposed rule in the Federal Register requiring per-sons described in section 5312(a)(2)(Z) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this subsection, to establish anti-money laun-dering programs under subsection (h) of sec-tion 5318 of that title. (B) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall publish the rule described in this subsection in final form in the Federal Register. (C) E
XCLUSIONS .—Any rule promulgated under this subsection shall exclude from the category of persons involved in forming a corporation or limited liability company— (i) any government agency; and (ii) any attorney or law firm that uses a paid formation agent operating within the United States to form the corporation or limited liability company. 
SEC. 4. STUDIES AND REPORTS. 
(a) O THER LEGAL ENTITIES .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report— (1) identifying each State that has proce-dures that enable persons to form or register under the laws of the State partnerships, trusts, or other legal entities, and the nature of those procedures; (2) identifying each State that requires persons seeking to form or register partner-ships, trusts, or other legal entities under the laws of the State to provide information about the beneficial owners (as that term is defined in section 5333(d)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act) or bene-ficiaries of such entities, and the nature of the required information; (3) evaluating whether the lack of avail-able beneficial ownership information for partnerships, trusts, or other legal entities— (A) raises concerns about the involvement of such entities in terrorism, money laun-dering, tax evasion, securities fraud, or other misconduct; and (B) has impeded investigations into enti-ties suspected of such misconduct; and (4) evaluating whether the failure of the United States to require beneficial owner-ship information for partnerships and trusts formed or registered in the United States has elicited international criticism and what steps, if any, the United States has taken or is planning to take in response. (b) EFFECTIVENESS OF INCORPORATION PRAC-
TICES .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to the Congress a report assessing the effectiveness of incorporation practices implemented under this Act and the amendments made by this Act in— (1) providing law enforcement agencies with prompt access to reliable, useful, and complete beneficial ownership information; and (2) strengthening the capability of law en-forcement agencies to combat incorporation abuses, civil and criminal misconduct, and detect, prevent, or punish terrorism, money laundering, tax evasion, or other mis-conduct. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. E NZI, Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 1730. A bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I am pleased to be joined by my friend and colleague from Delaware, Senator C
HRIS COONS , in introducing the Reach Every Mother and Child Act of 2017. Our legislation would make it the pol-icy of the United States to lead an ef-fort to end preventable deaths of moth-ers, newborns, and young children in the developing world by 2030. Due in part to American leadership and generosity, many lives have al-ready been saved. Since 1990, the an-nual number of deaths of children under the age of five has been cut in half. Nevertheless, far too many moth-ers, newborns, and young children under the age of five still succumb to disease and malnutrition that could easily be prevented, if only we could reach the mothers and children with simple, proven, cost-effective interven-tions that we know will help them sur-vive. Every day approximately 800 women will die from preventable causes re-lated to pregnancy and childbirth. In addition, more than 16,000 children under the age of five will die each day of treatable conditions such as pre-maturity, pneumonia, and diarrhea— with malnutrition being the underlying cause in nearly half those deaths. According to USAID, a concentrated effort could end preventable maternal and child deaths worldwide by the year 2030; however, U.S. leadership and sup-port of the international community are critical to success. To achieve this ambitious goal, our bill would require the implementation of a strategy to scale up the most effec-tive interventions to save as many lives as possible. This idea is central to our bill. We do not have to guess at what interventions will work—the re-ality is that more than 16,000 children under 5 years old die each day of condi-tions we know today how to treat. These life-saving interventions in-clude clean birthing practices, vac-cines, nutritional supplements, hand- washing with soap, and other basic needs that remain elusive for far too many women and children in devel-oping countries. This must change. In addition, our bill would establish a Maternal and Child Survival Coordi-nator at USAID who would focus on implementing the ten-year strategy and verifying that the most effective interventions are being scaled up in target countries. The bill would also establish an interagency working group to assist the Coordinator in promoting greater collaboration among all the federal agencies involved in this effort. To promote transparency and greater accountability, our bill requires that detailed reporting be published on the Foreign Assistance Dashboard, where it can be assessed by the public, Con-gress, and non-governmental organiza-tions to track the implementation of the strategy and the progress being made. Finally, our bill would encourage USAID to pay for successful programs run by non-governmental entities. The message we want to send to all our partners in the private sector, the non- profit sector, the faith community, and in local and international civil society groups is this: if you can figure out a way to increase the likelihood that mothers and their children will survive childbirth and the first five years of life, we want to reward you for your contribution. Improving the health and well-being of mothers and children around the world has far-reaching social and eco-nomic benefits as well. An independent group of economists and global health experts from around the world, known as the Lancet Commission, found that for every $1 invested in health initia-tives in the developing world, there is a return of $9 to $20 in growing the gross domestic product of the country receiv-ing the investment. Other bipartisan initiatives, such as the successful President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, or PEPFAR, which was started by President George W. Bush, demonstrate that results- driven interventions can turn the tide for global health challenges. Applying lessons learned from past initiatives, our bill would provide the focus and the tools necessary to accelerate progress toward ending preventable maternal and child deaths. I urge my colleagues to join Senator C
OONS and me in supporting this bill to save the lives of mothers and children around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.023 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4775 August 2, 2017 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 242—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ABOUT A STRATEGY TO DEPLOY FIFTH GENERATION MO-BILE NETWORKS (5G NETWORKS) AND NEXT-GENERATION WIRE-LESS AND WIRED TECHNOLOGIES TO PROMOTE ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT AND DIGITAL INNOVA-TION THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 242 Whereas wireless and wired broadband net-works are essential to economic growth, job creation, and the global competitiveness of the United States; Whereas wireless and wired broadband net-works provide connectivity to billions of de-vices, applications, and services that are in-creasing productivity and efficiency across every industry and economic sector; Whereas wireless and wired broadband net-works create and support millions of jobs; Whereas wireless and wired broadband net-works are vital to providing communications services and access to internet connectivity to people in the United States living in rural and remote geographic areas; Whereas wireless and wired broadband net-works are a platform for innovation and in-genuity, powering advancements in the Internet of Things and other revolutionary technologies; Whereas 5G networks will have the capac-ity to deliver enhanced mobile broadband with significantly faster data transmission speeds, low latency, more reliable connec-tions, and greater data capacity, which will provide for seamless internet connectivity throughout all regions across the United States; Whereas 5G networks are expected to cre-ate more than 3,000,000 new jobs in the United States, generate $275,000,000,000 in in-vestment from the wireless industry, and add $500,000,000,000 to the economy of the United States over the next decade; Whereas next-generation, gigabit Wi-Fi so-lutions that rely on unlicensed spectrum bands are poised to unleash a new round of innovation and consumer benefit from an in-dustry that generates an economic surplus of $547,000,000,000 and contributes $50,000,000,000 annually in gross domestic product to the economy of the United States; Whereas 5G networks will enable innova-tive consumer and industrial applications that will enhance and maximize the capa-bility, uses, and quality of technological de-velopments, including telemedicine, preci-sion agriculture, self-driving cars, virtual and augmented reality, robotics, smart com-munities, and advancements in public safety; Whereas the United States is a global lead-er in developing new technology and fos-tering digital innovation that has generated significant economic and social advancement and opportunity in the United States and around the world; Whereas many states and localities are streamlining policies to facilitate siting and small cell deployment in support of 5G net-works; Whereas modernizing the infrastructure policies of the United States and securing adequate spectrum bands will be essential to the deployment of 5G networks and next- generation wireless technologies, and the re-alization of all its promised economic and social benefits; Whereas wireless and wired broadband net-works, in addition to other technologies, are essential to closing the digital divide, deliv-ering broadband service to rural areas, cre-ating jobs, and powering economic develop-ment and innovation across the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that the United States should— (1) promote the deployment of 5G networks in a manner that encourages robust invest-ment, job creation, economic growth, and continued United States leadership in devel-oping next-generation wireless technologies; (2) advance 5G networks as a way of clos-ing the digital divide and reducing the dis-parity in quality communications services available in rural areas; (3) recognize that 5G networks will facili-tate the development of a new generation of technologies that will open opportunities for increased efficiency, mobility, accessibility, economic development, and prosperity in communities throughout the country; (4) commit to modernizing the infrastruc-ture policies of the United States and identi-fying additional spectrum in low, mid, and high bands for licensed and unlicensed uses and to support the deployment of 5G net-works and meet the increasing demands for wireless broadband service; (5) recognize that 5G networks will give consumers access to more choices and enable them to derive greater value from mobile connections; (6) commit to deploying 5G networks that are resilient and secure; (7) continue to participate in global efforts to create standards for 5G networks that im-prove user experiences, maximize use-cases, enable interoperability, sustain multiple, si-multaneous connections, increase network capacity through virtualization or other software developments, and adapt to new technologies and future network applica-tions; and (8) promote the deployment of broadband technologies to expand the availability, af-fordability, and quality of broadband service throughout the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 243—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT JOSEPH LEON GEORGE SHOULD BE HONORED FOR HEROISM AT PEARL HAR-BOR, HAWAII, ON DECEMBER 7, 1941 Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mr. L EE, Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 243 Whereas, on December 7, 1941, Boatswain’s Mate Second Class Joseph Leon George was 26 years old; Whereas Boatswain’s Mate Second Class George was a crewmember aboard the U.S.S. Vestal (AR–4), a repair ship, on that day; Whereas the U.S.S. Vestal was moored next to the U.S.S. Arizona (BB–39); Whereas the Japanese began the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, at 7:48 a.m.; Whereas 6 sailors on the U.S.S. Arizona, Seaman First Class Harold Kuhn, Seaman First Class Russell Lott, Gunner’s Mate Third Class Earl Riner, Boatswain’s Mate Second Class Alvin Dvork, Seaman First Class Donald Stratton, and Fire Controlman Third Class Lauren Bruner, were trapped in the control tower main mast after a massive explosion on the ship; Whereas those 6 sailors suffered severe burns; Whereas those wounded sailors searched for a way to escape the ship; Whereas Boatswain’s Mate Second Class George saw the 6 wounded sailors on the U.S.S. Arizona from the U.S.S. Vestal and threw a heaving line and a heavy line; Whereas all 6 sailors climbed, nearly 40 feet in the air, hand over hand across the heavy line 70 feet to safety onboard the U.S.S. Vestal; Whereas 2 sailors died shortly after from their injuries, but the remaining 4 survived; Whereas Boatswain’s Mate Second Class George was commended for his actions, but he was never given a medal for his role in the rescue of the 6 sailors; Whereas the 2 surviving sailors rescued from the U.S.S. Arizona, Donald Stratton and Lauren Bruner, seek to honor Boat-swain’s Mate Second Class George; Whereas U.S.S. Arizona survivor Donald Stratton stated, ‘‘Joe George was never awarded anything for his bravery. He is no longer with us, but I believe in his memory, should be awarded the Navy Cross.’’; and Whereas U.S.S. Arizona survivor Lauren Bruner stated, ‘‘The six of us would not have survived except for his courage, in spite of being at high risk himself. He fully deserves high commendations for his actions. I feel he should be recognized for this courage and presented the Navy Cross.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the heroism of Boatswain’s Mate Second Class Joseph Leon George in saving the lives of 6 sailors on December 7, 1941; and (2) believes the United States Navy, in light of new information, should consider re-visiting decorating and honoring the heroism of Boatswain’s Mate Second Class Joseph Leon George in saving the lives of 6 sailors on December 7, 1941. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, recently, I was fortunate enough to have the op-portunity to host several veterans who survived the sinking of the USS Ari-zona in the attack on Pearl Harbor. I would like to briefly share an in-credible story they told me about a true American hero named Joe George. On December 7, 1941, Joe was a 26- year-old Boatswain’s Mate Second Class aboard the repair ship USS Vestal in Pearl Harbor, HI, moored alongside the USS Arizona. At 7:48 a.m., many sailors, including Joe, had finished their breakfast when the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Serv-ice attacked Pearl Harbor. As we know, the Arizona suffered a direct hit by a Japanese bomb that detonated in the ship’s powder magazine. The resulting explosion sank the ship and claimed the lives of 1,177 servicemembers. During the unimaginable chaos and carnage, Joe George displayed stunning composure and courage. Joe spotted six sailors trapped in the control tower of the sinking Arizona. These men were severely burned, and they were search-ing for a way to safety. The six wound-ed sailors were Seaman First Class Harold Kuhn, Seaman First Class Rus-sell Lott, Gunner’s Mate Third Class Earl Riner, Boatswain’s Mate Second 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.057 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4776 August 2, 2017 
Class Alvin Dvorak, Seaman First Class Donald Stratton, and Fire Controlman Third Class Lauren Bruner. Upon seeing the men, Joe threw a heaving line between the Vestal and the Arizona to rescue the wounded sailors from the sinking ship. Suspended 40 feet in the air, the six sailors climbed 70 feet hand over hand across the rope to safety onboard the Vestal. These sailors did all this while enduring inju-ries so severe that two would succumb to their wounds in the weeks following the attack. As they struggled across the heavy line, Joe George remained close by, all the while encouraging the men to push on. The four sailors who survived their injuries each returned to serve with honor during World War II and then went on to live long lives. I spoke with two of them, and hear-ing about the injuries they had and that they still were able to return to service in the Second World War was amazing. Joe George’s legacy of heroism will remain alive forever in the children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren of the four sailors who survived the in-famous day, thanks to Joe George. Joe George was never awarded a medal for his role in the rescue of the six sailors, although his commanding officer commended his courageous ac-tions. When I met with one of the Ari-zona survivors who was rescued by Joe, he told me, ‘‘Joe George was never awarded anything for his bravery. He is no longer with us, but I believe in his memory he should be awarded the Navy Cross.’’ Lauren Bruner was another survivor whom Joe saved. He said to me: 
The six of us would not have survived ex-cept for his courage, in spite of being at high risk himself. He fully deserves high com-mendations for his actions. I feel he should be recognized for this courage and presented the Navy Cross. 
In his own words, during an interview in 1978, Joe said: ‘‘I’ll tell you, the only thing I could tell you about that day . . . my conscience was my guide.’’ Well, his conscience was that of a hero. We need more people like Joe George in this world. That is why I am committed to honoring Joe and why I rise today with the honor and privilege to submit a resolution honoring Joseph Leon George. Joe passed away in 1996, and it is long overdue that the Senate, the U.S. Navy, and a grateful nation honor the heroism of Boatswain’s Mate Second Class Joseph Leon George. God bless Joe George, whose im-mense and astounding composure serves as an example of the men and women in uniform who follow in his wake. Let us never forget his heroism and sacrifice. I would like to also thank my col-leagues Senators G
ARDNER , LEE, COT-
TON, MCCASKILL , and B ENNET for join-ing me on this resolution. I look for-ward to working with them on its swift adoption. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 244—TO AU-THORIZE TESTIMONY, DOCU-MENT PRODUCTION, AND REP-RESENTATION IN UNITED STATES OF AMERICA V. ROBERT MENENDEZ, ET AL Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 244 Whereas, in the case of United States of America v. Robert Menendez, et al., Cr. No. 15– 155, pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, testi-mony and the production of documents may be needed from various current and former Members and employees of the Senate, relat-ing to their official responsibilities; Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 704(a)(2) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§288b(a) and 288c(a)(2), the Senate may direct its counsel to represent current or former Members and employees of the Senate with respect to any subpoena, order, or request for testimony relating to their official responsibilities; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; and Whereas, when it appears that evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That current and former Mem-bers and employees of the Senate are author-ized to testify and produce documents in the case of United States of America v. Robert Menendez, et al., and related proceedings, ex-cept concerning matters for which a privi-lege should be asserted. S
EC. 2. The Senate Legal Counsel is author-ized to represent current and former Mem-bers and employees of the Senate in connec-tion with the production of evidence author-ized in section one of this resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the Democratic Leader, I send to the desk a resolution authorizing testimony, production of documents, and representation by the Senate Legal Counsel, and ask for its immediate consideration. Mr. President, this resolution con-cerns the case pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against Senator R
OBERT  M
ENENDEZ . Both the Department of Justice and Senator M
ENENDEZ are ex-pected to seek trial testimony from Members and Senate staff. This resolution would authorize Sen-ate individuals called to appear to tes-tify and produce documents in this case and related proceedings, except concerning matters for which a privi-lege is asserted. It would also authorize the Senate Legal Counsel to represent individuals called to testify at trial as fact witnesses regarding their perform-ance of official Senate responsibilities. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED SA 747. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 748. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 749. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. D AINES  (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1282, to redesignate certain clinics of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs located in Montana. SA 750. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for de-fense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 751. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2430, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and bio-similar biological products, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 747. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 601 and the following: 
SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2018 INCREASE IN MILI-TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2018 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. (b) I
NCREASE IN BASIC PAY.—Effective on January 1, 2018, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services shall be increased by a percentage that is equal to or greater than the percentage by which— (1) the ECI for the final fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2017, exceeds (2) the ECI for the final fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2016. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF PERCENTAGE .—The Secretary of Defense shall determine the percentage increase in rates of monthly basic pay provided for by subsection (b) in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (d) ECI D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ECI’’ has the meaning givern that term in section 1009(a)(3)(A) of title 37, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.049 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4777 August 2, 2017 
SA 748. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle H—Government Purchase and Travel Cards 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Gov-ernment Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1092. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
MPROPER PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘im-proper payment’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note). (2) Q
UESTIONABLE TRANSACTION .—The term ‘‘questionable transaction’’ means a charge card transaction that from initial card data appears to be high risk and may therefore be improper due to non-compliance with appli-cable law, regulation or policy. (3) S
TRATEGIC SOURCING .—The term ‘‘stra-tegic sourcing’’ means analyzing and modi-fying a Federal agency’s spending patterns to better leverage its purchasing power, re-duce costs, and improve overall performance. 
SEC. 1093. EXPANDED USE OF DATA ANALYTICS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator for General Services, shall develop a strategy to expand the use of data analytics in managing government purchase and travel charge card programs. These analytics may employ existing General Services Adminis-tration capabilities, and may be in conjunc-tion with agencies’ capabilities, for the pur-pose of— (1) identifying examples or patterns of questionable transactions and developing en-hanced tools and methods for agency use in— (A) identifying questionable purchase and travel card transactions; and (B) recovering improper payments made with purchase and travel cards; (2) identifying potential opportunities for agencies to further leverage administrative process streamlining and cost reduction from purchase and travel card use, including addi-tional agency opportunities for card-based strategic sourcing; (3) developing a set of purchase and travel card metrics and benchmarks for high-risk activities, which shall assist agencies in identifying potential emphasis areas for their purchase and travel card management and oversight activities, including those re-quired by the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194); and (4) developing a plan, which may be based on existing capabilities, to create a library of analytics tools and data sources for use by Federal agencies (including inspectors gen-eral of those agencies). 
SEC. 1094. GUIDANCE ON IMPROVING INFORMA-TION SHARING TO CURB IMPROPER PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of General Services and the inter-agency charge card data management group established under section 1095, shall issue guidance on improving information sharing by government agencies for the purposes of section 1093(a)(1). (b) ELEMENTS .—The guidance issued under subsection (a) shall— (1) require relevant officials at Federal agencies to identify high-risk activities and communicate that information to the appro-priate management levels within the agen-cies; (2) require that appropriate officials at Federal agencies review the reports issued by charge card-issuing banks on questionable transaction activity (such as purchase and travel card pre-suspension and suspension re-ports, delinquency reports, and exception re-ports), including transactions that occur with high-risk activities, and suspicious tim-ing or amounts of cash withdrawals or ad-vances; (3) provide for the appropriate sharing of information related to potential question-able transactions, fraud schemes, and high- risk activities with the General Services Ad-ministration and the appropriate officials in Federal agencies; (4) consider the recommendations made by Inspectors General or the best practices In-spectors General have identified; and (5) include other requirements determined appropriate by the Director for the purposes of carrying out this subtitle. 
SEC. 1095. INTERAGENCY CHARGE CARD DATA MANAGEMENT GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of General Services and the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall estab-lish a purchase and travel charge card data management group to develop and share best practices for the purposes described in sec-tion 1093(a). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The best practices devel-oped under subsection (a) shall— (1) cover rules, edits, and task order or contract modifications related to charge card-issuing banks; (2) include the review of accounts payable information and purchase and travel card transaction data of agencies for the purpose of identifying potential strategic sourcing and other additional opportunities (such as recurring payments, utility payments, and grant payments) for which the charge cards or related payment products could be used as a payment method; and (3) include other best practices as deter-mined by the Administrator and Director. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The purchase and travel charge card data management group shall meet regularly as determined by the co- chairs, for a duration of three years, and in-clude those agencies as described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Pre-vention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) and others identified by the Administrator and Director. 
SEC. 1096. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION RE-
PORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator for General Services shall submit a re-port to Congress on the implementation of this subtitle, including the metrics used in determining whether the analytic and benchmarking efforts have reduced, or con-tributed to the reduction of, questionable or improper payments as well as improved uti-lization of card-based payment products. (b) A
GENCY REPORTS AND CONSOLIDATED RE-
PORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) shall submit a report to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget on that agency’s activities to implement this subtitle. (c) OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall sub-mit to Congress a consolidated report of agency activities to implement this subtitle, which may be included as part of another re-port submitted to Congress by the Director. (d) R
EPORT ON ADDITIONAL SAVINGS OPPOR -
TUNITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall submit a report to Congress identifying and explor-ing further potential savings opportunities for government agencies under the Federal charge card programs. This report may be combined with the report required under subsection (a). 
SA 749. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. D
AINES (for himself and Mr. T ESTER )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1282, to redesignate certain clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF CERTAIN DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINICS IN MONTANA. 
(a) D AVID J. T HATCHER VA C LINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 2687 Palmer Street in Missoula, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘David J. Thatcher VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the David J. Thatcher VA Clinic. (b) D
R. JOSEPH MEDICINE CROW VA C LIN-
IC.— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1775 Spring Creek Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Dr. Jo-seph Medicine Crow VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow VA Clinic. (3) P
UBLIC DISPLAY OF NAME .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in para-graph (1) carried out by the United States or through the use of Federal funds shall in-clude the English name, Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, and the Crow name, Dakaak Baako, of Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow. (B) L
OCAL DISPLAY .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), a local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in paragraph (1) includes a display inside the clinic, on the campus of the clinic, and in the community surrounding the clinic, such as signs direct-ing individuals to the clinic. (c) B
ENJAMIN CHARLES STEELE VA C LINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1766 Ma-jestic Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Benjamin Charles Steele VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Benjamin Charles Steele VA Clinic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.073 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4778 August 2, 2017 
SA 750. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF EX-TENDED PERIOD OF PROTECTIONS FOR MEMBERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES RELATING TO MORT-GAGES, MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE, AND EVICTION. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 50 U.S.C. 3953 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. 
SA 751. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2430, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee pro-grams for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 97, strike line 20 and all that fol-lows through line 9 on page 98 and insert the following: ‘‘(k) R
ELATION TO ORPHAN DRUGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL ; EXEMPTION FOR ORPHAN IN -
DICATIONS .—Unless the Secretary requires otherwise by regulation, this section does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted under section 526, except as provided in para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY DESPITE ORPHAN DES -
IGNATION OF CERTAIN INDICATIONS .—This sec- tion shall apply with respect to a drug or bi-ological product for which an indication has been granted orphan designation under sec-tion 526— ‘‘(A) if the pediatric cancer investigation described in subsection (a)(3) applies to the drug or biological product as described in subsection (a)(1)(B); or ‘‘(B) if such orphan indication is limited to a pediatric subpopulation and such indica-tion in the adult population does not qualify for orphan designation. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF APPLICATION .—Application of this section to drugs and biological prod-ucts described in paragraph (2)(B) does not limit the applicability of section 526 to such drugs and biological products.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mrs. FISHER. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION AND  
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry, is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on August 2, 2017 at 5 p.m. to conduct a business meeting to report nomina-tions. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold an Executive Session dur-ing the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 2, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate of-fice building, to conduct a hearing en-titled, ‘‘FBI Headquarters Consolida-tion Project—What Happened and What’s Next.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet in executive session dur-ing the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 2, at 11 a.m. in the President’s Room. We will be consid-ering the nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Au-gust 2, 2017 at 11 a.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Au-gust 2, 2017 at 2 p.m., to hold a briefing entitled ‘‘The Authorizations for the Use of Military Force: Administration Perspective.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
The Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate Wednesday, August 2, 2017 off the floor at the start of the first vote to conduct a business meeting. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE -
SOURCES SUBCOMMITTEE ON WATER AND  
POWER  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Water and Power is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Wednes-day, August 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing Washington, DC. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON WESTERN HEMISPHERE  
The Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Au-gust 2, 2017, at 10 a.m., to hold a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Colombia Peace Process: The Way Forward in U.S.-Colombia Relations.’’ f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 11:45 a.m. on Thursday, August 3, the Senate proceed to executive session for consid-eration of Calendar No. 103, the nomi-nation of the Deputy Secretary at the Department of Energy. I further ask that there be 15 minutes of debate on the nomination equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on confirmation with no inter-vening action or debate, and that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING TESTIMONY, DOCU-MENT PRODUCTION, AND REP-RESENTATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 244, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 244) to authorize tes-timony, document production, and represen-tation in United States of America v. Robert Menendez, et al. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 244) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 115–31, appoints the following indi-viduals to serve as members of the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commis-sion: Marjorie Dannenfelser of Virginia and Cleta Mitchell of North Carolina. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02AU6.073 S02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4779 August 2, 2017 
Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, Au-gust 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2430, with the time until 11 a.m. equal-ly divided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:40 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, August 3, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
TED MCKINNEY, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR TRADE AND FOREIGN AG-RICULTURE AFFAIRS. (NEW POSITION) 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JOHN HENDERSON, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, VICE MIRANDA A. A. BALLENTINE, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
RYAN DOUGLAS NELSON, OF IDAHO, TO BE SOLICITOR OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, VICE HILARY CHANDLER TOMPKINS. 
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION  
DANIEL M. GADE, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMIS-SION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2021, VICE CON-STANCE S. BARKER, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
JOHN MARSHALL MITNICK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE STEVAN EATON BUNNELL. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ROBERT J. HIGDON, JR., OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE THOMAS GRAY WALKER, RESIGNED. THOMAS L. KIRSCH II, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF IN-DIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DAVID A. CAPP, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
MELISSA SUE GLYNN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS (ENTERPRISE INTEGRATION), VICE LINDA A. SCHWARTZ. 
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
RICHARD GLICK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2022, VICE COLETTE DODSON HONORABLE, TERM EXPIRED. KEVIN J. MCINTYRE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2018, VICE NORMAN C. BAY, RESIGNED. KEVIN J. MCINTYRE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2023. (REAPPOINTMENT) DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JAMIE MCCOURT, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FRENCH REPUBLIC, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDI-TIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE PRINCIPALITY OF MONACO. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate August 2, 2017: 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
MARVIN KAPLAN, OF KANSAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING AUGUST 27, 2020. 
f 
WITHDRAWALS Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on August 2, 2017 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nations: 
GEORGE NESTERCZUK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KATHERINE ARCHULETA, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON MAY 25, 2017. JAMIE MCCOURT, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF BEL-GIUM, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JUNE 26, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G02AU6.056 S02AUPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1111 August 2, 2017 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, August 3, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 8 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. SD–226 SEPTEMBER 7 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Joseph Balash, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, and Richard Glick, of Virginia, and Kevin J. McIntyre, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02AU8.000 E02AUPT1
D877 Wednesday, August 2, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4697–S4779 Measures Introduced: Thirty-two bills and three resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1700–1731, and S. Res. 242–244.
           Pages S4766–67 
Measures Reported: S. 810, to facilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–142) S. 669, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facilities that were constructed to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facilities and structures to improve those conditions. (S. Rept. No. 115–143) S. 154, to amend the Small Business Act to en-sure small businesses affected by the onset of trans-missible diseases are eligible for disaster relief. S. 650, to amend the Small Business Act to ex-pand tax credit education and training for small businesses that engage in research and development. S. 690, to extend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years. S. 929, to improve the HUBZone program, with amendments. S. 1038, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to submit to Congress a re-port on the utilization of small businesses with re-spect to certain Federal contracts, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1428, to amend section 21 of the Small Busi-ness Act to require cyber certification for small busi-ness development center counselors. S. 1598, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
                                                                                    Pages S4764–65 
Measures Passed: AFG and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 829, to reauthorize the Assistance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Ade-quate Fire and Emergency Response grant program, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.                                     Pages S4714–15 
Seniors Fraud Prevention Act: Senate passed S. 81, to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Com-mission to prevent fraud targeting seniors. 
                                                                                            Page S4714 
Great Outdoors Month: Committee on the Judici-ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 199, designating June 2017 as ‘‘Great Outdoors Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                    Pages S4715–16 
National Day of the American Cowboy: Com-mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 225, designating July 22, 2017, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
   Pages S4715–16 
National Youth Sports Week: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 227, recognizing ‘‘National Youth Sports Week’’ and the efforts by parents, volunteers, and national organiza-tions in their efforts to promote healthy living and youth development, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                               Pages S4715–16 
10th Anniversary of the collapse of Interstate 35W Mississippi River Bridge: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 238, recognizing the 10th anniversary and honoring the victims of the collapse of the Interstate 35W Mississippi River bridge, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                           Pages S4715–16 
Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assist-ance Act: Senate passed H.R. 3218, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improve-ments in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
                                                         Page S4716 
VA Clinics in Montana: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 1282, to redesignate certain clinics of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located in Montana, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02AU7.REC D02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD878 August 2, 2017 
bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S4716 
McConnell (for Daines/Tester) Amendment No. 749, in the nature of a substitute.
                    Page S4716 
United States Intelligence Professionals Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 222, designating July 26, 2017, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Profes-sionals Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S4718 
Authorize Testimony, Document Production, and Representation: Senate agreed to S. Res. 244, to authorize testimony, document production, and representation in United States of America v. Robert Menendez, et al.
                                                            Page S4778 
Appointments: Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 115–31, appointed the following individuals to serve as members of the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission: Marjorie Dannenfelser of Virginia and Cleta Mitchell of North Carolina.
                                                          Page S4778 
FDA Reauthorization Act—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, August 3, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2430, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar bio-logical products, with the time until 11 a.m., equal-ly divided between the two Leaders, or their des-ignees.
                                                                      Pages S4778–79 
Brouillette Nomination—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 11:45 a.m., on Thursday, August 3, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Energy; provided further that there be 15 minutes of debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form; and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate. 
                                                                                            Page S4778 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 184), Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring August 27, 2020. 
                                                                      Pages S4700–18, S4779 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 183), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.                                                          Pages S4700–03 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Ted McKinney, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agriculture Af-fairs. John Henderson, of South Dakota, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force. Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior. Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, to be a Mem-ber of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commis-sion for a term expiring July 1, 2021. John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security. Robert J. Higdon, Jr., of North Carolina, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of North Carolina for the term of four years. Thomas L. Kirsch II, of Indiana, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Indiana for the term of four years. Melissa Sue Glynn, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (En-terprise Integration). Richard Glick, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the term expiring June 30, 2022. Kevin J. McIntyre, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2018. Kevin J. McIntyre, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the term expiring June 30, 2023. Jamie McCourt, of California, to be Ambassador to the French Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Monaco.
                            Page S4779 
Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: George Nesterczuk, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years, which was sent to the Senate on May 25, 2017. Jamie McCourt, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium, which was sent to the Senate on June 26, 2017.
                                      Page S4779 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S4763–64 
Executive Communications:                             Page S4764 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S4764 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S4765–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4767–69 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02AU7.REC D02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D879 August 2, 2017 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4769–76 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4761–63 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4776–78 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4778 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—184)
                                                 Pages S4703, S4718 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:40 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, August 3, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4778.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Rostin Behnam, of New Jersey, Brian D. Quintenz, of Ohio, and Dawn DeBerry Stump, of Texas, each to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 660 nominations in the Army, Navy, and Air Force. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 374, to enable concrete masonry products man-ufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a co-ordinated program of research, education, and pro-motion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products; S. 754, to support meeting our Nation’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cy-bersecurity education pipeline, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1322, to establish the American Fisheries Advi-sory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and development grants, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1425, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1532, to disqualify from operating a commer-cial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony in-volving human trafficking; S. 1536, to designate a human trafficking preven-tion coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1586, to require the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere to update periodically the environ-mental sensitivity index products of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for each coastal area of the Great Lakes, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1621, to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a methodology for the col-lection by the Commission of information about commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service; and The nominations of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, and Brendan Carr, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Fed-eral Communications Commission, Peter B. David-son, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, all of the Department of Com-merce, Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be Gen-eral Counsel, Mark H. Buzby, of Virginia, to be Ad-ministrator of the Maritime Administration, and Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Administration, all of the Department of Transportation, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board. WATER SECURITY AND DROUGHT PREPAREDNESS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Water and Power concluded a hearing to examine increasing water security and drought preparedness through infrastructure, management, and innovation, after receiving testimony from Thomas Buschatzke, Arizona Department of Water Resources, Phoenix; Heiner Markhoff, GE Power, Trevose, Pennsylvania; Carlos A. Riva, Poseidon Water, LLC, Boston, Massachusetts; Martha Sheils, University of Southern Maine New England Envi-ronmental Finance Center, Portland; and Shirlee Zane, Sonoma County Water Agency, Santa Rosa, California. FBI HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATION PROJECT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters consolidation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02AU7.REC D02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD880 August 2, 2017 
project, including issues related to funding other fu-ture projects, after receiving testimony from Michael Gelber, Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service, General Services Administration; Richard L. Haley II, Assistant Director, Facilities and Finance Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Depart-ment of Justice; and Dave Wise, Director, Physical Infrastructure, Government Accountability Office. COLOMBIA PEACE PROCESS Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues concluded a hearing to examine as-sessing the Colombia peace process, focusing on the way forward in United States-Colombia relations, after receiving testimony from William R. Brownfield, Assistant Secretary for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, and Fran-cisco Palmieri, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, both of the Depart-ment of State; Jose R. Cardenas, former Acting As-sistant Administrator for Latin America and the Car-ibbean, United States Agency for International De-velopment; and Juan Sebastian Gonzalez, The Cohen Group, Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Doug Man-chester, of California, to be Ambassador to the Com-monwealth of The Bahamas, Department of State, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR THE USE OF MILITARY FORCE Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on the Authorizations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration perspec-tives from Rex Tillerson, Secretary of State; and Jame Mattis, Secretary of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, and Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Assistant Secretary, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, both to be a Medical Di-rector in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Is-land, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Department of Health and Human Services, Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, and Heather L. MacDougall, of Florida, and James J. Sullivan, Jr., of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Occu-pational Safety and Health Review Commission. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: S. 154, to amend the Small Business Act to en-sure small businesses affected by the onset of trans-missible diseases are eligible for disaster relief; S. 650, to amend the Small Business Act to ex-pand tax credit education and training for small businesses that engage in research and development; S. 690, to extend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years; S. 929, to improve the HUBZone program, S. 1038, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to submit to Congress a re-port on the utilization of small businesses with re-spect to certain Federal contracts; S. 1038, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to submit to Congress a re-port on the utilization of small businesses with re-spect to certain Federal contracts, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; and S. 1428, to amend section 21 of the Small Busi-ness Act to require cyber certification for small busi-ness development center counselors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02AU7.REC D02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D881 August 2, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 1 p.m. on Friday, August 4, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D736) 
H.R. 3364, to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Governments of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea. Signed on Au-gust 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–44) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine insurance fraud in America, focusing on current issues facing industry and consumers, 9:45 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine Federal and nonfederal collaboration, in-cluding through the use of technology, to reduce wildland fire risk to communities and enhance fire-fighting safety and effectiveness, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Inter-national Trade, and Matthew Bassett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Robert Charrow, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, both of the Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Taylor Force Act’’, and the nominations of Michael Arthur Raynor, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, Maria E. Brewer, of Indiana, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Sierra Leone, and John P. Desrocher, of New York, to be Ambassador to the People’s Demo-cratic Republic of Algeria, all of the Department of State, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and the nominations of Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Peter E. Deegan, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the North-ern District of Iowa, D. Michael Dunavant, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee, Louis V. Franklin, Sr., to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Alabama, Marc Krickbaum, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa, Jessie K. Liu, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the District of Columbia, and Richard W. Moore, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02AU7.REC D02AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD882 August 2, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, August 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will resume consideration of motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2430, FDA Reauthorization Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 11 a.m. At 11:45 a.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Energy, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12 noon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 1 p.m., Friday, August 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 1 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Aug 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02AU7.REC D02AUPT1