Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9379 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2017 No. 188 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Robert Hughes, Broadway Presbyterian Church, Sedalia, Mis-souri, offered the following prayer: Awesome and merciful God, we thank You that we can approach You directly in prayer, fully aware that prayer is not a shield protecting us from all evil but, rather, a reminder, first and fore-most, that You alone are God, creator, redeemer, and sustainer of all, and we are not. Gracious Lord, in ancient times King Solomon asked only for wisdom, not fame, fortune, or influence. Instead, he longed for godly wisdom. Whether as parent, teacher, minister, elected offi-cial, or in any other position of leader-ship, help us to lead with godly wis-dom. Heavenly God, as I proclaim Your threefold unity, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, individual, yet eternally united as one God, I pray that this Nation, the United States, be also unified, respect-ing and valuing the individual, yet eternally united as one nation, under God, indivisible. It is in Your name, I pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BROWN of Maryland led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND ROBERT HUGHES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank Reverend Robert Hughes of Sedalia, Missouri, for his leadership in the faith community. After beginning his career in film and television, working for media compa-nies like Disney and National Geo-graphic, Reverend Hughes left show business to do God’s business. He en-tered the ministry, which led him to Sedalia, in Missouri’s Fourth Congres-sional District, where he serves as the pastor at Broadway Presbyterian Church. Reverend Hughes is well loved by the members of his congregation, and he uses his time and talents to energize others about God’s Word. It was my honor to recommend him as guest chaplain to lead the House in prayer this morning. Reverend Hughes, thank you for your devotion to your community and con-gregation and for bringing inspiration and encouragement to those you serve. May God bless everything you set your hand to. Your service to God and your church is appreciated. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). The Chair will entertain up to five further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENT OF STAFF SERGEANT RICHARD HUNTER (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the bravery of one of my constituents and an American hero, Staff Sergeant Rich-ard Hunter. Staff Sergeant Hunter was recently awarded the Air Force Cross in recognition of his outstanding cour-age in the line of duty. Staff Sergeant Hunter was deployed to Kunduz province, Afghanistan, as part of the U.S. Army Special Forces team. On November 2, 2016, his team found themselves under heavy ma-chine-gun fire from insurgents. Despite the barrage of enemy fire, Hunter charged forward to shield the wounded and, ultimately, repelled the enemy’s encroachment. He initiated the launch of the quick reaction force and cas-ualty airlift for wounded members in his group. After discovering an injured fellow Special Force soldier, Hunter dragged him 30 meters to safety with one hand, while he directed radio airstrikes with his other. When they fell under fire once again, Hunter eliminated the threat, and helped load the wounded into a helicopter to be evacuated. In total, Staff Sergeant Hunter’s actions that day eliminated 27 enemy forces and saved his team. For these measures of extraordinary bravery in the most dire of cir-cumstances, Staff Sergeant Richard Hunter earned the Air Force Cross award. Without his help, many Amer-ican servicemembers surely would have been lost that day. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the heroic actions of Staff Sergeant Richard Hunter, a true American hero. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.000 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9380 November 16, 2017 
AMERICANS DESERVE BIPARTISAN TAX REFORM (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, the tax bill put forth today by congres-sional Republicans is a gift to the wealthiest 1 percent and multinational corporations at the expense of our stu-dents, homeowners, and seniors. It eliminates critical deductions that help central coast families, including deductions for State and local taxes, mortgage interest, student loans, and medical expenses. With wildfire season in California growing longer each year, this bill cal-lously eliminates tax relief for per-sonal casualty losses resulting from wildfires as well as earthquakes. In fact, this bill would raise taxes on 36 million working and middle class tax-payers by an average of $1,130 a year. With a national debt that has now surpassed $20 trillion, the American people cannot afford this tax bill that adds $1.5 trillion to the deficit and leaves our children stuck with the bill. Americans deserve bipartisan tax re-form that simplifies our Tax Code and puts the middle class first. 
f 
TAX RELIEF FOR AMERICAN FAMILIES (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, hard-working families in Michigan have been squeezed for far too long under our broken Tax Code. Wages aren’t going up, yet the cost of living keeps getting more expensive. We developed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act with those low- and middle-income families in mind. They need a break. For folks in Michigan, in Monroe, Jackson, Charlotte, and all across my district, this tax cut plan means bigger paychecks and more money in their pocket. At every income level, people will see meaningful tax relief. Our plan doubles the standard deduc-tion and increases the child tax credit to help with the costs of raising a fam-ily. It also eases the tax burden on small businesses so they can give their workers a raise and create more jobs in the community. It brings back jobs from overseas and incentivizes job cre-ators to expand and hire here at home. Mr. Speaker, this is a progrowth and proworker plan. Let’s pass it today and help the families we represent get the relief they need. 
f 
AMERICANS DESERVE A BETTER DEAL (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, the American people do not support the GOP tax plan being considered today. After promising a simple and fair tax system, Republicans offer a com-plicated mess. Their tax plan picks winners: the rich, and big corporations, getting nearly $1 trillion in tax cuts. They create losers, like teachers, sen-iors, students, people with disabilities, and working families who will pay more. This GOP tax scam also targets our Nation’s veterans. More than 300,000 veterans have benefited from the work opportunity tax credit, most of whom served after 9/11. Yet this bill elimi-nates the tax credit and abandons our servicemembers when they return home and transition to civilian life. Today, one of every three veterans is underemployed, and 1.8 million vet-erans are stuck in low-wage jobs. Every single veteran should be able to get a family-supporting job at home after serving our Nation. This tax bill asks our veterans and their families to again sacrifice, this time so billion-aires and big corporations get a huge tax cut. Mr. Speaker, veterans deserve a bet-ter deal and so do American working families. f 
NATIONAL ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I have supported and continue to support in-creased Federal funding for the prom-ising research going on at the National Institutes of Health in order to encour-age more progress addressing the Alz-heimer’s situation. November is National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month. There are an estimated 5.5 million Americans liv-ing with this debilitating disease, and we know it often goes unreported or undiagnosed. This issue is near and dear to my heart because it has touched my own family, and I have seen firsthand the challenges of supporting a loved one battling the disease. I have been frus-trated by the lack of progress. Again, Mr. Speaker, together, we will improve the quality of life for those who are suffering and work toward finding a cure. We must have funding for the NIH to get this done. 
f 
NATIONAL PARKS ARE FOR EVERYONE (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to op-pose the administration’s proposed na-tional parks entrance fee hike from $25 to $70 per vehicle, which will prohibit many American families from enjoying these beautiful sites. Joshua Tree National Park in my district welcomes as many as 2.5 mil-lion visitors each year, contributing $128 million to our local economy. It is a haven for so many: local veterans find solace and healing in the quiet of nature; children experience the beauty of their first hike; visitors come to love the grandeur and the mystique of our desert when they come to stay in Josh-ua Tree; families bond over the lasting memories they make in the park. Everyone, not just the rich, should have access to these incredible places. Working families are deserving of ac-cess to our national parks. Nearly tri-pling the price of entry means that many families will be priced out of vis-iting these parks, including many peo-ple in my district who live right next to Joshua Tree National Park. Our national parks are not just only for the economically privileged. They are for we, the people, to enjoy. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUCKS COUNTY OPPORTUNITY COUNCIL, COMMU-NITY ACTION AGENCY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Bucks County Opportunity Council, Commu-nity Action Agency, which serves low- income families throughout Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and its eco-nomic self-sufficiency program, which recently graduated its 300th family from poverty. This individualized program works with families to end the cycle of pov-erty by building a plan of action and working with a coach to attain new training and education. To graduate, participants in the program must be free from welfare subsidies, have se-cured employment, live in safe and af-fordable housing, have access to safe and reliable transportation, maintain a balanced budget, and have a healthcare plan for their entire family. Mr. Speaker, this program is work-ing. Aside from the total number of graduates, last year’s class of families have more than tripled their salaries. Moreover, in our community, every dollar invested nets nearly $5 saved in cash welfare subsidies. I am proud to stand with the Bucks County Opportunity Council in their mission to reduce poverty and partner with our community to promote eco-nomic self-sufficiency. Our community is a better place because of their work. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, as we stand here today, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will tell you that this tax scam bill will help ordinary people. As we New Yorkers say: ‘‘If you buy that one, I’ve got a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.002 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9381 November 16, 2017 
This bill takes a wrecking ball to our middle class. It erases deductions that ordinary, working families count on to stay afloat. It raises taxes on 36 mil-lion middle class families. By eliminating the medical expense deduction, this scam will force nearly half a million New Yorkers who al-ready struggle with serious illnesses to dig into overstretched bank accounts just to pay their healthcare bills. By gutting the student loan interest deduction, higher education will be-come even more expensive for 800,000 New York students. Graduate students will be taxed on tuition waivers. I heard from one woman in my dis-trict, a recent Ph.D., who said she would have paid $2,700 in income out of her pretax income of $13,000. The choice is clear. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Re-ject this scam. 
f 
b0915 SUPPORT THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. For the first time since 1986, this is a real opportunity to challenge the sta-tus quo and simplify the Tax Code. For the nearly 82 percent of tax-payers in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Con-gressional District who file jointly under the standard deduction, they are going to see that nearly doubled to $24,000, up from $12,700. According to the IRS, 18 percent of taxpayers in the Fifth District of Penn-sylvania choose to itemize their tax re-turns, averaging about $21,000 in deduc-tions. Doubling the standard deduction means that low- and middle-income families, who have been struggling for a long time, will see their tax burden lowered. This proposal truly strives to help families keep more of their hard- earned paychecks. Today we have a once-in-a-generation opportunity that we cannot afford to pass up: more jobs, fair taxes, bigger paychecks. Mr. Speaker, the American people de-serve no less, and I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1) to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, will now re-sume. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. When proceedings were postponed on Wednes-day, November 15, 2017, 1 hour 58
1⁄2min-utes of debate remained on the bill. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) has 61 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) has 571⁄2minutes remaining. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ), a key architect of the tax reform plan, a leader and a champion for new business investment. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, for years, the middle class has been saddled with a broken Tax Code and low wages. Small busi-nesses have been crushed by overly complicated rules and a higher tax bur-den than corporations. As a result, America has suffered from a self-inflicted uncompetitive Tax Code, lagging behind the rest of the world both in economic growth and job creation. Companies have fled for lower tax jurisdictions and more competitive business environments. Since the 1986 Tax Reform Act was passed, Washington has continued to make the Tax Code longer and more complicated, adding special interest loopholes and industry-specific carve- outs back into the Code year after year. This has allowed the Tax Code to dic-tate business decisions instead of let-ting businesses dictate business deci-sions. For the first time in 31 years, we are wiping the Tax Code clean and replac-ing it with one that is fair and simpler for everyone. For the better part of my career, I have advocated for a cash-flow tax sys-tem that would allow small businesses to expense 100 percent of their costs immediately. H.R. 1 contains an ex-pensing provision that would give busi-nesses the tremendous opportunity to reinvest, allowing them to grow their businesses and create jobs. The impacts for the American econ-omy would be huge. Small businesses across rural California, from the small family-owned farm to the neighbor-hood restaurant and any other entre-preneur, deserve a type of tax system that allows them to create jobs and be able to compete on an equal footing globally. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I want to just point out to those in the audience, those who are watching this, that today you are going to hear a lot about how Republicans are giving tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires. Mr. Speaker, that is always what the left says about the Republicans. How-ever, you will also hear a lot of talk about people who itemize and SALT de-ductions and how those are somehow increasing taxes on the middle class. The reality of this, Mr. Speaker, is these deductions go to millionaires and billionaires. So for my friends on the left, you can’t have it both ways. You can’t claim that Republicans are giving tax cuts to millionaires and billion-aires when you are attempting to keep the very tax cuts called SALT, State and local tax deductions, that go to millionaires and billionaires. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to take this opportunity to thank Chair-man BRADY and all my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. For years, we have been working on this legislation, but this is a historic mo-ment. Congress has the opportunity to positively impact every American by reforming our Tax Code, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic mo-ment, but, most importantly, it is a missed opportunity. Mr. Speaker, we are taking the pro-posal of the Republican Party today and the financial architecture of our revenue system, based on their request, to the casino. Their argument is premised on one thing today, and one thing only. Maybe. But what about maybe not? This could have been done between the two parties, as we requested and wanted to do. In 1986, 450 witnesses offered testi-mony on tax reform, thirty hearings were held, and the Secretary of the Treasury attended most of them. The two parties found commonality in reaching an accord that was well re-ceived by the American people. What we are being asked to do here today is to raise taxes on 36 million middle class Americans. The previous speaker, my friend from California, a quarter of the households in his dis-trict claim the State and local tax de-duction, with an average of $10,000 per family. $10,000. So they are going to tell you today that they are giving you this and they are giving you that. Take a look at the distribution ta-bles. That is the most certain oppor-tunity for people to examine precisely what is in this legislation. A gentleman earlier this morning was heralding Alzheimer’s month. They give Alzheimer’s a tax during Alzheimer’s month. For those who stay together with loved ones for as long as they can, they need that deduction that is so important to keeping that family together. This is the same old, same old. In 2001, tax cuts of $1.3 trillion all pre-mised on maybe we will have economic growth. Remember the argument that tax cuts pay for themselves? Well, they, today, call it dynamic scoring. Now we are being asked again to premise the argument on maybe there will be enough growth to gen-erate some return on revenue. In 2003, another $1.3 trillion in terms of a tax cut was offered with no or slow economic growth. And the granddaddy of them all, in 2005, how about repatriation? Foreign earnings were brought back at 5
1⁄4percent, all based upon the idea that there was going to be widespread broad-based hiring. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.004 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9382 November 16, 2017 
What did we discover in the after-math of that? Almost 20,000 layoffs in the weeks after it. The money was used for stock buybacks and dividends with no em-ployment gains across the country. They keep telling us: Well, you are going to get 3 percent, 4 percent, 5 per-cent, and the President says 6 percent growth. I want to find that economist who says we are going to get 6 percent growth. Most projections are that we are being asked here today to participate in the following, because this is the context of the argument this morning: They are borrowing $2.3 trillion over 10 years for the purpose of giving a tax cut to people at the very top of our economic system. We should be investing in human cap-ital, community colleges, vocational education, internship programs, and aligning the American people with the skill sets that are necessary, as the De-partment of Labor reported this week, for the 6 million jobs that are avail-able. That is the most gainful way to do long-term investment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would note that a family of four in Massachusetts’ First District will see a tax cut of nearly $2,000 under this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
EN-
KINS), one of our key leaders on the Ways and Means Committee who is really all in on growth and savings for America. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, as a CPA and a member of the House Ways and Means Com-mittee, reforming our Tax Code has been a priority of mine during my en-tire service here in Congress. Our current Tax Code is broken, and I have heard from thousands of Kan-sans in my district who are frustrated with the status quo. This legislation will not only reform our broken Tax Code, but it will per-manently lower rates for hardworking individuals, families, and businesses while retaining or expanding many popular provisions, such as the depend-ent care assistance program. It also in-cludes strong safeguards that keep the wealthy from gaming the system in an effort to pay less than their fair share. On average, this legislation will help provide tax relief for all income groups across the board. If you don’t believe me, read the analysis from the Tax Foundation and the Joint Committee on Taxation. They agree. While individuals and families re-ceive a much-needed tax break, they will also notice that their wages are going up and more jobs are being cre-ated. Just the other day, AT&T announced they will be making a substantial in-vestment in the United States once we enact tax reform. Folks are tired of the status quo. They are tired of a Tax Code that is confusing. Once figured out, you realize that it actually penalizes hard work and success. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act accom-plishes our goals of ensuring that rates are cut for low- and middle-income Americans, simplifying the tax system and expanding American competition within the global economy. This is a rare opportunity to enact the kind of legislation that our con-stituents need and deserve to grow the economy and put more money in the pockets of hardworking Kansans. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the entire committee for their good work on this important legisla-tion. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. LEVIN), who has a long and distinguished history in this Congress and as a member of the Ways and Means Committee. b0930 (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for all of his work he has done over the years. The Republican tax bill is built on massive deception. The deception is that, as the Speaker put it: ‘‘The focus is on middle class tax relief.’’ That is simply not true. As the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation said, roughly one out of every four Americans with income be-tween $50,000 and $100,000 would pay higher taxes in 2023, far overshadowing the $1,000 or so for other families. In 2019, those earning over $1 million would get an average tax cut of $73,000. Even as modified in last-minute des-peration, the wealthiest would receive 90 percent of the new tax break for so- called passthrough income. Another deception is that tax breaks pay for themselves. On this, some peo-ple may have been in the past fooled once, fewer twice, but none thrice. A further deception is that exploding the deficit and national debt to $1.7 trillion will disappear as it promotes growth. Not only is this a 180-degree Republican turn, but it threatens Medi-care and other critical programs and will worsen the vast inequalities in in-come and wealth in America. It is said that necessity is the mother of invention. In this case, Republican political necessity is the mother of des-peration and deception. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have a note that the average family of four in Michigan’s Ninth District will receive a tax cut of over $1,700. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ), one of our key leaders on the Ways and Means Committee, who serves on the Tax Policy Sub-committee. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to support this historic bill that will put our economy back on the path to stable and sus-tained growth. This bill finally levels the playing field and restores the global competi-tiveness of American businesses by moving to a territorial system. This key aspect of our bill removes the pu-nitive barriers of the current world-wide system and allows companies to reinvest their overseas profits in Amer-ica, without fear of getting hit with an excessive tax burden. This important change ensures that America remains the best place to start, grow, or invest in a business. As companies begin to see the bene-fits of this new territorial system, I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman to explore ways to move toward a residency-based tax-ation system to ensure that American citizens have a level playing field around the global as well. I have heard from companies, Amer-ican companies, that say as they ex-pand their operations overseas, the Tax Code has made it prohibitive for them to hire Americans for these jobs. In fact, our current system of citizenship- based taxation makes Americans near-ly 40 percent more expensive to employ overseas than their foreign counter-parts. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much for his understanding of this issue and look forward to our contin-ued work to ensure that talent, not tax burden, is the driving factor in the hir-ing decisions of multinational compa-nies. I am proud to support this bill. I look forward to it growing the economy and ensuring businesses of all sizes have the capital necessary to hire more em-ployees, grow their operation, and give Americans the raise they deserve. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Caro-lina (Mr. HOLDING ) for his leadership on this issue, in particular, about inter-national competitiveness for our work-ers. Residence-based taxation is an idea we should continue to explore. We will continue to work on this issue with him as leadership. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. L
EWIS), who has the highest professional and personal esteem of every Member of this institution. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr. N
EAL, for yielding. I rise with a heavy heart to join him in opposing this mean-spirited, reck-less bill. Mr. Speaker, 30 years ago, I was elected to fight for and to serve the people of my district. Today, they are calling and begging for us to slow down and to do this the right way. In their heart of hearts, the public knows that the safety net will be used to pay for this reckless corporate tax cut. Taxpayers know that this shameful deal destroys the hopes and dreams of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.006 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9383 November 16, 2017 
too many as it robs poor Peter to pay wealthy Paul. That is not right. That is not fair. That is not just. Mr. Speaker, you cannot hide the truth from the sick, the elderly, the disabled for whom this bill may mean life or death. You cannot hide the truth from the middle class, working, and immigrant families who need every penny to make ends meet. You cannot hide the truth from teachers who try to lend a helping hand to students who struggle to get an education. I, for one, refuse to hide the truth about this bill’s attack on the separa-tion of church and State. Mr. Speaker, as we abandon our con-stitutional duty and sacrifice our moral authority, I fear that history will not be kind to any of us. In another time, in another period, Members of Congress came together in a bipartisan fashion. They met, de-bated, and passed a tax bill that served the best interest of all people—not just a select few. They took their time. They did it right, and we should be doing it right. Today, the R
ECORD must reflect the sad truth of this missed opportunity. H.R. 1 steals from our veterans, our seniors, our children, and from genera-tions yet unborn. All taxpayers expect, demand, and deserve better—much bet-ter—than legislation which would put politics before the good of the people. This bill is a shame, a disgrace, and honestly, Mr. Speaker, it breaks my heart. I urge each and every one of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to report that the average family of four in the Fifth District of Georgia will see a tax cut of $1,484. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ), one of the new members of the Ways and Means Committee who has really been a leader for families, small busi-nesses, and industry. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank the chairman for yielding, for his steadfast leadership, and for giving me the opportunity to be a part of this incredible opportunity on behalf of this great country. Tax reform is about giving hard-working Americans of all walks of life the confidence they need to make their dreams a reality. So the question that needs to be asked is whether or not the current Tax Code, and all of its tar-geted tax credits, really increases peo-ple’s paychecks. Does it treat people fairly? Does it put American workers first? What about fostering economic growth? Does it help create more good- paying jobs? On that subject, I think Michigan is a great case study, my home State of Michigan. You see, I am from the Motor City where we are known for our blue-collar work ethic. Our families come from humble begin-nings. They get up every morning and go to work to make ends meet to build a better life for their family and for their kids. We persevered through some pretty serious economic death spirals, I must say, and I would refer back to 2008 as an example. More than 8,000 people left our State. Just think about that. We are the only State in the Union to lose population— and more would have left if they had a chance to sell their homes. At the time, I was the Senate major-ity leader in Michigan under the last administration, overseeing the only Republican branch of government. I saw firsthand how the administration pursued targeted tax credits, one after the other, that favored one industry over the other. It was a classic example of government picking winners over losers, and as expected, it failed miser-ably. As we see at the Federal level today, in Michigan, these targeted tax bene-fits were paid for by everyone else in the form of tax increases, and not only did it fail to attract growth in emerg-ing sectors as they had hoped, but it caused our economy to go into a tail-spin, a very serious tailspin. Michigan quickly became the only State in the country experiencing zero economic growth. Per capita income fell for the first time. It was one of the highest to begin with, and just a few years later, it was one of the lowest. By 2009, unemployment hit a record high of 15 percent. Neighboring States that had more hospitable environments for good job growth attracted our fami-lies and our neighbors. As I said, we are the only State in the Union to lose population. But as Senate majority leader at that time of the only Republican branch of govern-ment, we didn’t just say no to the gov-ernment’s failed policies. We offered solutions and loaded up the pipeline with legislation to help the newly elected Republican legislature and Governor Rick Snyder get the job done. What did we do? We did exactly what we are doing here today. We started with tax reform. While balancing budg-ets, we found ways to lower rates on in-dividuals, reduce baseline rates for job creators, and eliminate tax credits that favored certain industries over others. Michigan created an environment that grew the economy and helped fam-ilies get ahead. Sure enough, just 2 months after these reforms happened, job growth turned positive again in Michigan. Today, in Michigan, we are a top 10 probusiness State and ranked 12th among all States for overall business climate. Unemployment is the lowest it has been in my home district of 3.3 percent, in Livingston County. Detroit is re-emerging again as an economic powerhouse. The streets are alive with entrepreneurs and young people finally living downtown. The fu-ture looks great for the comeback city. The moral of this story is tax reform, but it is not just about tax cuts. It is about real reform to a broken system. Getting tax reform done right means delivering real relief, and I have seen it firsthand in Michigan. I know it can happen at the national level. It is not rocket science. It is about giving people back more that is rightfully theirs. It is about freeing up more capital to create more jobs, in-crease wages, and compete at the glob-al level. This is how you grow an econ-omy from the ground up. Mr. Speaker, let’s vote for our con-stituents today. Do it for the middle- income family of four or the struggling mom. Let’s pass this bill today. It has been 31 years. It is time for relief. It is long overdue. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, under the Republican tax bill, 570,000 Michigan households earning less than $160,000 a year will see a tax hike. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP -
SON), a thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee, whose admoni-tions to all of us should be something we could all rally around. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this reckless and fiscally irresponsible bill that is going to add $2.3 trillion to our national debt. There is a reason why airports, uni-versities, the Fraternal Order of Police, home builders, and veterans groups are opposed to this bill. It is because it will increase taxes on tens of millions of middle class families. That is accord-ing to the Joint Committee on Tax-ation. One of the most heartless provisions would make it harder for middle class families to rebuild after disaster. When you vote today, you are telling the sur-vivors of the California fires that you don’t care about them or about the middle class families in your district who one day may face a tornado or a hurricane—all to save a few dollars so that we can give a tax break to cor-porations. We have a chance today to reject this bill, to come together, hold hearings, and hear from experts—something that wasn’t done when the Republicans wrote this bill. We can take ideas from both side of the aisle and write a tax bill that helps middle class working families. Let’s re-ject this bill and work on real tax re-form that will not raise taxes on the middle class and won’t add $2.3 tril-lion—that is with a T—to our national debt. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the average family of four in California’s Fifth District will see a tax cut of $2,300. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), who has been an advocate not only for Floridians but Puerto Rico and a num-ber of our families and communities around the country. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This crucial legislation before us today marks the first time in 31 years that Congress has considered a major overhaul to the current Tax Code that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.007 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9384 November 16, 2017 
is overly cumbersome, wildly outdated, and riddled with special-interest loop-holes. Mr. Speaker, it is obvious there is a great deal of frustration and anxiety in our country. I truly believe it is due to the fact that the economic recovery has not reached every household. Throughout south Florida, I hear from families and small businesses who are worried about saving for their kids’ college or making payroll. While the stock market is humming and unemployment is low, wages have been stagnant, and the so-called recov-ery has left way too many people be-hind. b0945 That is why this bill is so important. This legislation will collapse and lower current tax rates to ensure a typ-ical middle-income family in south Florida will receive about $1,500 in tax relief. For married couples, it doubles the standard deduction from $12,000 to $24,000, drastically simplifying the process of filing taxes each year for over 90 percent of Americans while al-lowing taxpayers to keep more of their hard-earned money. The bill also expands the child tax credit from $1,000 to $1,600 per child, a benefit that will be seen by 43,768 tax-payers in Florida’s 26th District, while we are also making it easier to save for college by expanding 529 plans to cover more expenses, including apprentice-ship programs. All these benefits will directly help alleviate the increasing cost of raising a family. On the business side, this bill gives American companies of all sizes, espe-cially our smaller enterprises and en-trepreneurs, a chance to compete and win in the new globalized economy. By providing businesses with lower tax rates, we will make it easier for job creators to invest here at home and in-crease paychecks for American work-ers. Mr. Speaker, as a proud Member of the Ways and Means Committee, I com-mend Chairman B
RADY , his staff, and the Members of this House who will soon support this once-in-a-lifetime op-portunity to ensure we provide all Americans, especially the most vulner-able, the opportunity to find their eco-nomic success. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man B
RADY for working with me to begin addressing the important issue of helping our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico. After the devastating ef-fects of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, our committee delivered immediate re-sults for the island through a disaster tax relief package targeted to help peo-ple get back on their feet. While it will take at least months for the island to fully recover, we are pro-viding even more assistance to Puerto Rico with the legislation being consid-ered today. I want to thank Chairman B
RADY for helping us extend the rum cover-over to $13.25 per proof gallon to be paid back to the treasuries of both Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands through 2023. I am also grateful that under this bill, companies operating in Puerto Rico can deduct income attrib-utable to domestic production activi-ties retroactively for the year 2017. Moving forward, I am hopeful we can work together to find creative solu-tions to better target the child tax credit to serve more Puerto Rico fami-lies and study the expanded use of the earned income tax credit for the Com-monwealth. In addition, I look forward to continuing to work on solutions to ensure the businesses operating on the island have the certainty they need in terms of tax planning to hire more workers and strengthen Puerto Rico’s economy. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, 22,000 con-stituents of the gentleman from Mi-ami’s district will eventually face the Alzheimer’s tax increase that is in-cluded in this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LAR-
SON), who is a neighbor, a really nice guy, and a very thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I include in the R
ECORD , first a letter from the Com-missioner of Revenue Services in the State of Connecticut, who has detailed out the impact of this tax on Con-necticut residents. 
NOVEMBER 8, 2017. Hon. J
OHNB. L ARSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN LARSON : Thank you for opportunity to comment on the federal tax changes being considered in H.R. 1. We ap-preciate your leadership in trying to set the record straight as this partisan effort is rushed to judgment with no real input and much fiscal uncertainty. Unfortunately, what we see so far from a national and state perspective is very trou-bling. Some of the proposals to reduce taxes on corporate and pass-through business in-come could provide needed economic stim-ulus nationally and for states like Con-necticut. Unfortunately, on balance, H.R. 1 is fundamentally flawed: Even the low estimate of a $1.5 trillion cost is not paid for and is really massive federal tax deficit spending. The nation has been down this road before and surely we should have learned something from the worst eco-nomic recession in modern times. Otherwise unaffordable tax cuts have long been part of a political strategy to ‘‘starve the beast.’’ Due to its long term unfunded cost, this Republican tax plan will compel big cuts in federal funding, such as Medicaid, that are important to states like Con-necticut. Contrary to all the talk of a ‘‘middle in-come tax cut,’’ the plan actually represents a huge windfall to the very wealthiest fed-eral taxpayers and is truly regressive. For our own state of Connecticut, over 75% of the tax cut goes to the top 1% who would pay 8.5% less on average. Everyone else would see a trivial 1.2% reduction in federal tax li-ability and many will actually owe much more in federal income taxes. As discussed more specifically below, the proposed plan shifts most of the tax cost and the least of any tax benefit to states in the Northeast, Great Lakes and West Coast re-gions of the country. Thus, Connecticut and similar states will even more disproportion-ately pay in federal taxes far more than is received in federal benefits—further sub-sidizing regions of the country where states make far less of a state and local tax effort. Drilling down a bit further, several aspects of this partisan plan will hit especially hard: Eliminating deductibility of state income tax paid is worth an estimated $8.7 billion to mostly middle income Connecticut tax-payers. Capping deductibility of local property tax paid at $10,000 will increase federal income taxes for a significant proportion of Con-necticut taxpayers who claim $4.9 billion. Any benefit to lower and lower moderate income taxpayers from higher standard de-ductions and child care credits will likely be more than offset by the shell game of impos-ing a higher lowest rate bracket of 12% and replacing the current $4,050 personal exemp-tion with a $300 deduction that is proposed to end in 5 years. Eliminating deductibility of medical/den-tal expenses will be $1.6 billion hardship for Connecticut taxpayers at all levels who are out of work and have catastrophic medical costs. Eliminating deductibility of student loan interest only adds a further financial burden for primarily younger taxpayers and their families already struggling with educational indebtedness. Sadly, these and many other significant issues of fiscal irresponsibility and tax un-fairness seem to be of no concern in the par-tisan rush to pass legislation before tax-payers see through the slogans and realize the costs. Indeed, glimpses of what may be in the Republican Senate version suggests that it will only get worse. Thank you for your ef-forts to speak out for our Connecticut tax-payers and set the record straight. Sincerely, KEVIN B. S ULLIVAN , Commissioner. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Second, Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a letter out of a cross section of con-stituents who are directly and ad-versely impacted by this tax increase. 
MIDDLE CLASS CUTS  Ms. Diane Hebenstreit—West Hartford, CT 06107 I am a lifetime resident of Connecticut, and I ask that you do not vote for the pro-posed Federal Tax plan. From what I see, it’s providing large tax breaks that benefit the rich and the corporations. The estate tax benefit we have now is more than generous, only the very wealthy will benefit from repealing the estate tax. The proposed caps on state and property tax deductions combined with the increased standard deduction, will cause myself as well as others to use the standard deduction in-stead of itemizing. This will eliminate the fi-nancial benefit of owning my home, and I am concerned it will negatively affect its value. The personal exemption of $4,050 is going away. This is not something that’s been highlighted in the news. So as a single payer, I’ll receive a $12,000 standard deduction, but loose the $4,050 personal exemption resulting in more of my income being taxed than under the current plan. And at a higher rate! I am currently in the 10% tax bracket. Under this new plan it will increase to 12%. This is not a tax plan that benefits me, or I expect any other middle income resident. Vote No. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.009 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9385 November 16, 2017 
transcript of an interview with our es-teemed chairman, K
EVIN BRADY , and Heidi Przybyla that appeared on ‘‘Morning Joe.’’ 
KEVIN BRADY –MORNING JOE TRANSCRIPT — 
FRIDAY , NOVEMBER 3  Heidi Przybyla, USA Today: This economic growth that you all are promising, it cannot happen unless the cuts occur at the same time. In fact the Joint Committee on Tax-ation’s economic model assumes that the type of tax cuts that you’re doing now that are not paid for could actually be a drag on economic growth. Can you please speak to that? Brady: The reason we moved back towards a balanced budget is one, there is substantial growth, miss, but again, that won’t do it. You have to simplify the code, eliminate so much of these special breaks on the business and the individual side as well. It’s the com-bination of both of those that gets you back to a balanced budget over time. That’s why people complain ‘Look you’re really simpli-fying the code dramatically, there’s a lot of things that go’. Not everyone is happy about that but that is what, sort of the tough choices you have to make, along with growth, to make sure this moves us toward a balanced budget. Przybyla: But that is not what’s happening here. This is still, regardless of these loop-holes that you’re closing, it’s still a big blowhole in the deficit and that is not what the model was in ’86 for instance when Reagan did it. This model that I’m speaking of still assumes that this could be a drag on economic growth because you’re not doing the type of spending cuts, not just sim-plification in the code, but spending cuts. Brady: Here, one, there are a number of models on growth and I’m sure there will be a healthy debate, that’s a good thing. What we know is this dramatically grows the econ-omy in revenues not just here in Wash-ington, but state and local levels as well. But you make a great point: tax reform alone, alone won’t get us to a balanced budget, we have to have spending constraints along with that. As I know, as House Republicans, we are turning toward welfare reform and how we tackle our entitlements in a way to save them. That’s all part of the steps it takes to get us back to a fiscally responsible area. But I do know this, is you want to see con-tinued deficits and debts, just stay with a slow growth economy like we saw the last ten years. We know what that produced. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I also include in the R
ECORD a letter from AARP, who is in opposition to this bill. 
AARP, November 15, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our members and all Americans age 50 and older, AARP is writing to express our views on H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 States and the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, represents individ-uals affected by H.R. 1 in myriad ways. As we did with the last major effort at tax reform a generation ago, AARP is prepared to sup-port tax legislation that makes the tax code more equitable and efficient, promotes growth, and produces sufficient revenue to pay for critical national programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. However, H.R. 1 in its current form does not meet these cri-teria. Efforts to restructure all or part of the fed-eral tax system should in particular recog-nize the importance of—and therefore main-tain—incentives for health and retirement security. Such incentives are not only im-portant to assist individuals in attaining the security they deserve, but are vital to our nation’s future economic well-being AARP is dedicated to enhancing retirement security, including retention of the extra standard de-duction for those ages 65 or older; improving access to, and targeted incentives for, work- place retirement saving plans, and protec-tion of earned pensions for vulnerable retir-ees and their families. We greatly appreciate that H.R. 1 rejects proposals to make signifi-cant changes to the tax treatment of retire-ment contributions, which would have af-fected the ability or commitment of many tax filers to save for their retirement. AARP also remains committed to advocating for af-fordable, meaningful health care, including retention of the medical expense itemized deduction at 7.5%, preservation of tax ex-empt status of employer sponsored insurance coverage; maintenance of tax subsidies for lower- and moderate-income Americans to purchase health insurance coverage in health care marketplaces; and the creation of a new, non-refundable tax credit for working family caregivers. As tax legislation advances, changes to the tax code should not result in a dispropor-tionate, adverse impact on older Americans According to the Joint Committee on Tax-ation (JCT), H.R. 1 will reduce taxes for mil-lions of taxpayers beginning in 2019. We are concerned, however, that in 2027, also accord-ing to JCT, the 73 million taxpayers with in-comes between $10,000 and $50,000 would col-lectively pay $2.9 billion more in individual income taxes AARP has estimated that H.R. 1 will increase taxes on 1.2 million taxpayers age 65 and older in 2018, and by 2027, 4.9 mil-lion older taxpayers will experience higher taxes In addition, H.R. 1 will provide no tax relief for 5.1 million older taxpayers in 2018 and 5.3 million taxpayers by 2027. The impact on older tax filers is the cumu-lative result of many policy changes made in H.R. 1, but a number of specific provisions disproportionately affect older Americans. Nearly three-quarters of tax filers who claim the medical expense deduction are age 50 or older and live with a chronic condition or ill-ness. Seventy percent of filers who claim this deduction have income below $75,000. H.R. 1 also eliminates the additional stand-ard deduction for filers who are 65 and older, while at the same time increasing the lowest tax rate. These provisions, along with other proposals that more broadly affect the tax li-ability of millions of filers, such as the expi-ration of the new Family Flexibility Credit in 2023, and the partial repeal of the state and local tax deduction, result in little tax benefit to many older tax filers, and for oth-ers, a tax increase. Also troubling is the negative effect H.R. 1 will have on the nation’s ability to fund crit-ical priorities. H.R. 1 will increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion over the next ten years, and an unknown amount beyond 2027. The large increase in the deficit will inevitably lead to calls for greater spending cuts, which are likely to include dramatic cuts to Medicare, Medicaid and other critical programs serving older Americans. The Congressional Budget Office has now published a letter stating that unless Congress takes action, H.R. 1 will result in automatic federal funding cuts of $136 billion in fiscal year 2018, $25 billion of which must come from Medicare. We urge Congress to work in a bipartisan manner to enact tax legislation that better meets the needs of older Americans and the nation, and we stand ready to work with you toward that end. Sincerely, N
ANCY A. L EAMOND, Executive Vice President and Chief Advocacy and Engagement Officer. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Congressional Budget Office, which details out the other shoe to fall in this legislation. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC, November 13, 2017. Hon. S
TENY H. H OYER , Democratic Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN : This letter responds to your request for information about the ef-fects of legislation that would raise deficits by an estimated $1.5 trillion over the 2018– 2027 period, specifically with respect to a se-questration—or cancellation of budgetary re-sources—in accordance with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO; Public Law 111–139). The PAYGO law requires that new legisla-tion enacted during a term of Congress does not collectively increase estimated deficits. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is required to maintain two so-called PAYGO scorecards to report the cumulative changes generated by new legislation in estimated revenues and outlays over the next five years and ten years. If either scorecard indicates a net increase in the deficit, OMB is required to order a sequestration to eliminate the overage. The authority to determine whether a sequestration is required (and if so, exactly how to make the necessary cuts in budget authority) rests solely with OMB. CBO has analyzed the implications of en-acting a bill that would increase deficits by $1.5 trillion over a 10-year window, without enacting any further legislation to offset that increase. In accordance with the PAYGO law, OMB would record the average annual deficit on its PAYGO scorecard, showing deficit increases of, in the example provided, $150 billion per year. If the bill were enacted before the end of the calendar year, that amount would be added to the cur-rent balances on the PAYGO scorecard, which for 2018, show a positive balance of $14 billion. (For years after 2018, the balances range from a $14 billion credit to a $1 billion debit.) Without enacting subsequent legislation to either offset that deficit increase, waive the recordation of the bill’s impact on the score-card, or otherwise mitigate or eliminate the requirements of the PAYGO law, OMB would be required to issue a sequestration order within 15 days of the end of the session of Congress to reduce spending in fiscal year 2018 by the resultant total of $136 billion. However, the PAYGO law limits reductions to Medicare to four percentage points (or roughly $25 billion for that year), leaving about $111 billion to be sequestered from the remaining mandatory accounts. Because the law entirely exempts many large accounts including low-income programs and social security, the annual resources available from which OMB must draw is, in CBO’s esti-mation, only between $85 billion to $90 bil-lion, significantly less than the amount that would be required to be sequestered. (For a full list of accounts subject to automatic re-ductions, see OMB Report to the Congress on the Joint Committee Reductions for Fiscal Year 2018, https://go.usa.gov/xnZ3U.) Given that the required reduction in spend-ing exceeds the estimated amount of avail-able resources in each year over the next 10 years, in the absence of further legislation, OMB would be unable to implement the full extent of outlay reductions required by the PAYGO law. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by preempting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.012 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9386 November 16, 2017 
our distinguished chairman and, for the R
ECORD , state that a middle class family in the State of Connecticut, from West Hartford, with a combined income of $125,000, with a mortgage and a kid in college, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation and to the De-partment of Revenue Services in the State of Connecticut, will see a tax in-crease of $767 next year. Then with the clever clawback provi-sion—that Grover Norquist kind of clawback provision that gives with one hand and takes away with the other— in 2023, that hardworking family in the middle class will see a $1,667 increase. So why are we here? It is pretty easy to figure out this. These are honorable people, but some-times they are called upon to do a po-litical task, or as Mr. C
OLLINS put it: My donors are basically saying, ‘‘Get it done or don’t ever call me again.’’ Speaking of New York, my colleagues in New York and New Jersey, because we are donor States and because we make itemized deductions, we find our-selves in the situation where we are paying double taxation. Don’t take our word for it. Just ask a member of your own caucus. Ask P
ETER KING, who describes this as the most massive redistribution of wealth at the expense of teachers, machinists, and people who are of the professional class whom you have found that you want to tax their success. But what adds insult to injury above all else, aside from being a donor State and double taxation, is the cruelest cut. We take a Pledge of Allegiance. We pledge allegiance to the Constitu-tion. But some of you pledge allegiance to Grover Norquist. In doing so, you want to make sure that you can shrink Social Security and Medicare up so small you can drown it in the bathtub. That is what this does: $25 billion will come out of that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are advised to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. I would note that families in Connecticut’s First District will see an average tax cut of $3,858 and grow jobs by 11,000 jobs. Mr. Speaker, I rise to enter into a colloquy with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). Mr. C
URBELO , you and Resident Com-missioner G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nhave been tireless advocates for the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico. I appreciate the hard work you have done to help our fellow citizens on the island. I agree, this tax reform bill is a good first step, and I look forward to working with you on ideas to best serve the people on this island. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Chairman B
RADY for that. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), who is one of the most thoughtful Members of Congress, a leader in the field of renewable en-ergy, and my friend. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from 17 environmental organizations opposing this legislation. 
NOVEMBER 8, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE , on behalf of our millions of members and activists, we write to urge you to oppose the Republican leader-ship’s tax legislation, the misnamed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1). This plan would lavish huge and permanent tax cuts to the richest 1% and corporate polluters that are destined to be paid for by the health and en-vironmental well-being of communities across the country. The bill’s debt-busting tax cuts for the wealthiest are sure to mean deep cuts to federal and state programs and safeguards that protect our air, water, lands, and wildlife that benefit people across this country every day. The plan puts at risk our clean energy future by preserving tax breaks for dirty energy sources while slashing them for cleaner forms of energy. And if the tax plan itself weren’t harmful enough, it is also being packaged in the Senate with unrelated, controversial legislation that hands over the pristine and sacred Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to exploitation by Big Oil. This plan steers most of its tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country and corporations and adds at least $1.5 trillion to the deficit. Americans across the country will suffer because those tax cuts are likely to be paid for by slashing services and safe-guards that our government provides, from healthcare to education to environmental protection. The health of communities across the nation will suffer if the Environ-mental Protection Agency is further ham-pered in its mission to protect public health and hold polluters accountable for violating laws like the Clean Air Act and Safe Drink-ing Water Act. The people who work in and benefit from America’s thriving outdoor rec-reational economy will take a hit if the na-tional parks and other lands stewarded by the Department of the Interior are forced to suffer further cuts because of this reckless tax plan. This tax plan also steers our nation’s en-ergy policy in the wrong direction by leaving in place the vast majority of existing tax preferences for polluting industries like oil, gas, coal and nuclear and reducing, phasing- out, and eliminating incentives for cleaner sources of energy. Permanent tax breaks for fossil fuels dwarf those for renewables by a margin of 7:1, yet this bill would suddenly eliminate the tax credit for purchasing an electric vehicle, disrupt the wind industry by reducing the credit for future projects by a third and placing into jeopardy the eligi-bility of existing projects, and eliminate the commercial solar investment credit. While some clean energy technology credits are re-introduced, they, too, are set to phase out. Meanwhile, oil companies will receive a new billion dollar hand out while only the small-est of existing preferences for fossil fuels are eliminated—leaving more than $14 billion in permanent annual federal subsidies un-touched. Despite rhetoric from GOP leaders that the tax code shouldn’t pick winners and losers, this bill very clearly picks polluting energy sectors as winners yet again, putting at risk the impressive growth of clean en-ergy and robbing us and our children of a cleaner future. The GOP leadership’s plan is to package this tax legislation in the Senate with unre-lated, controversial legislation that would open up the iconic Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling. This legislation would ir-reversibly damage one of America’s greatest wild places and is only being included in a desperate attempt to secure enough votes in the Senate for tax cuts for corporations and the wealthiest Americans. The Arctic Ref-uge’s spectacular landscape of rugged moun-tains, boreal forests, and wild rivers supports more than 250 species including polar and brown bears, musk oxen, and birds that mi-grate from all 50 states and 6 continents each year. The indigenous Gwich’in people call the refuge’s coastal plain ‘‘The Sacred Place Where Life Begins,’’ an area that serves as the calving grounds for the Porcupine Car-ibou Herd which they rely on as a primary source of food, and for cultural and spiritual needs. This provision is being included in an attempt to generate $1 billion in government revenue to pay for the package’s tax cuts for the wealthy, but multiple analyses show that it is unlikely to raise anywhere close to that amount. In short, including drilling in the Arctic Refuge in the tax legislation is both environmentally and fiscally irrespon-sible. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose H.R. 1 and instead work together on legisla-tion that will truly benefit our communities, power our economy with clean, renewable energy, and protect the environment that we all depend upon for our health and well- being. Sincerely, 350.org, Alaska Wilderness League, Cen-ter for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Earthjustice, Environ-ment America, Friends of the Earth, Greenpeace, Hip Hop Caucus, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Re-sources Defense Council, Oil Change International, Public Citizen, Sierra Club, The Wilderness Society, Union of Concerned Scientists, Voices for Progress. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump is going to be on Capitol Hill rallying Republicans to vote for his tax bill perfectly designed for his benefit: eliminating the alternative minimum tax, one of the few ways he pays any tax at all; abolishing the in-heritance tax, allowing him to pass on tax-free hundreds of millions of dollars to his family; and expanding access to the lower passthrough tax rates for many large and profitable businesses. Donald Trump lists hundreds of pass-through entities on his financial forms. Donald Trump is the king of debt, and this monstrosity of a tax bill is fueled by increasing the national debt $2.3 trillion and cutting taxes for the wealthy financed by increased debt burden on our children and grand-children. Of course, details are starting to leak out, such as special deals for baseball teams. Breaking a bipartisan commit-ment to the wind energy industry is al-ready causing their stock prices to fall, jeopardizing billions of dollars of projects and putting tens of thousands of jobs at risk with the only retro-active provision in the bill breaking a bipartisan commitment that many of us worked on with the energy industry. The Republican proposal showers riches on the wealthiest Americans and most profitable corporations who are not going to create jobs and raise wages. What they are going to do is buy things and make more money. What is going to happen is that, in the years ahead, taxes are going to rise for millions of Americans and even more in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.015 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9387 November 16, 2017 
Now, this tax perhaps has the most cruel element—what I call the Alz-heimer’s tax—repealing the medical ex-pense deduction used by over 9 million middle class Americans who saved al-most $90 billion in 2015—gone. This stunning action places addi-tional burdens on many elderly and vulnerable middle-income Americans trying to plan ahead for the crushing financial burden dealing with Alz-heimer’s. We never had a hearing on anything like this. It wouldn’t stand the light of day. The American public will be cranky about this. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to report that families of four, the average family in Oregon’s Third District, will see a tax cut of $2,200. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ), who is the chairman of the Financial Services Committee and a dear friend of mine. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, for almost a decade, Americans suffered under Obamanomics. Their savings re-main decimated, their paychecks were stagnant, and their American dreams were diminished. But, Mr. Speaker, a new day has dawned. Under the leadership of Presi-dent Trump, Speaker R
YAN, and Chair-man B
RADY , we are on the precipice of passing a fairer, flatter, simpler, and more competitive Tax Code, one built for 3-plus percent economic growth. The American people can now imag-ine a Tax Code that brings jobs and capital back to America. They can imagine a Tax Code that is simplified from 70,000 pages to 500, where 90 per-cent of Americans can fill out their re-turn on a postcard. They can imagine a Tax Code swept of all the special inter-est loopholes. They can imagine a Tax Code creating lower rates for working Americans and small businesses, and they can now imagine a Tax Code that is all about economic growth. All my friends on the other side of the aisle can offer is the politics of di-vision, envy, and class warfare. I am proud to support the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because it is all about better jobs, fair taxes, and bigger pay-checks. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, 17,000 people in Mr. H
ENSARLING ’s district will now pay higher interest on their student loan deductions. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND), who is a great advocate for the heart-land of America. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, of all the policy changes that are being rec-ommended in this legislation before us today, the one that scares me the most is the repeal of the so-called Johnson amendment. The Johnson amendment basically says: If you are a religious organiza-tion or a nonprofit and if you engage in partisan political activity, you lose your tax-exempt status. Repealing that has the potential of politicizing the pulpit nationwide. In fact, 103 religious organizations, 4,200 faith-based leaders in this country, and 5,500 nonprofits have written a letter to every Member of Congress telling us: Don’t do this. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  these letters. 
Updated November 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Senate Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Chairman, Senate Committee on Finance, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Ways and Means Com-mittee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONWYDEN , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Fi-nance, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M AJORITY LEADER  M
CCONNELL , LEADER PELOSI , LEADER SCHU-
MER, CHAIRMAN BRADY , CHAIRMAN HATCH , R
ANKING MEMBER NEAL, AND RANKING MEM-
BERWYDEN : We, the 103 undersigned religious and denominational organizations strongly oppose any effort to weaken or eliminate protections that prohibit 501(c)(3) organiza-tions, including houses of worship, from en-dorsing or opposing political candidates. Current law serves as a valuable safeguard for the integrity of our charitable sector and campaign finance system. Religious leaders often use their pulpits to address the moral and political issues of the day. They also can, in their personal capac-ities and without the resources of their houses of worship, endorse and oppose polit-ical candidates. Houses of worship can en-gage in public debate on any issue, host can-didate forums, engage in voter registration drives, encourage people to vote, help trans-port people to the polls and even, with a few boundaries, lobby on specific legislation and invite candidates to speak. Tax-exempt houses of worship may not, however, endorse or oppose candidates or use their tax-exempt donations to contribute to candidates’ cam-paigns. Current law simply limits groups from being both a tax-exempt ministry and a partisan political entity. As religious organizations, we oppose any attempt to weaken the current protections offered by the 501(c)(3) campaign interven-tion prohibition because: People of faith do not want partisan polit-ical fights infiltrating their houses of wor-ship. Houses of worship are spaces for mem-bers of religious communities to come to-gether, not be divided along political lines; faith ought to be a source of connection and community, not division and discord. Indeed, the vast majority of Americans do not want houses of worship to issue political endorse-ments. Particularly in today’s political cli-mate, such endorsements would be highly di-visive and would have a detrimental impact on civil discourse. Current law protects the integrity of houses of worship. If houses of worship en-dorse candidates, their prophetic voice, their ability to speak truth to power as political outsiders, is threatened. The credibility and integrity of congregations would suffer with bad decisions of candidates they endorsed. Tying America’s houses of worship to par-tisan activity demeans the institutions from which so many believers expect unimpeach-able decency. Current law protects the independence of houses of worship. Houses of worship often speak out on issues of justice and morality and do good works within the community but may also labor to adequately fund their ministries. Permitting electioneering in churches would give partisan groups incen-tive to use congregations as a conduit for po-litical activity and expenditures. Changing the law would also make them vulnerable to individuals and corporations who could offer large donations or a politician promising so-cial service contracts in exchange for taking a position on a candidate. Even proposals that would permit an ‘‘insubstantial’’ stand-ard or allow limited electioneering only if it is in furtherance of an organization’s mis-sion would actually invite increased govern-ment intrusion, scrutiny, and oversight. The charitable sector, particularly houses of worship, should not become another cog in a political machine or another loophole in campaign finance laws. We strongly urge you to oppose any efforts to repeal or weaken protections in the law for 501(c)(3) organiza-tions, including houses of worship. Sincerely, African American Ministers in Action; Af-rican Methodist Episcopal Church—Social Action Commission; Alabama Cooperative Baptist Fellowship; Alliance of Baptists; American Baptist Churches USA; American Baptist Home Mission Societies; American Friends Service Committee; American Jew-ish Committee (AJC); Anti-Defamation League; Association of Welcoming and Af-firming Baptists; B’nai B’rith International; Baptist Center for Ethics; Baptist Fellowship Northeast; Baptist General Association of Virginia; Baptist Joint Committee for Reli-gious Liberty; Baptist Peace Fellowship of North America—Bautistas por la Paz; Bap-tist Women in Ministry; Bend the Arc: A Jewish Partnership for Justice; California Council of Churches IMPACT; Catholics for Choice. Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good; Central Conference of American Rab-bis; Christian Life Commission; Christian Methodist Episcopal (CME) Church; Churchnet, a ministry of the Baptist General Convention of Missouri; Colorado Council of Churches; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship Heartland; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship Kentucky; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Arkansas; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Florida; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Georgia; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Mis-sissippi; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of North Carolina; Cooperative Baptist Fellow-ship of Oklahoma; Cooperative Baptist Fel-lowship of Texas; Cooperative Baptist Fel-lowship of Virginia; Cooperative Baptist Fel-lowship West; Disciples Center for Public Witness; Ecumenical Catholic Communion. Ecumenical Ministries of Oregon; The Episcopal Church; Equal Partners in Faith; Evangelical Lutheran Church in America; Evergreen Association of American Baptist Churches; Faith Action Network—Wash-ington State; Faith in Public Life; Faith Voices Arkansas; Faithful America; Florida Council of Churches; Franciscan Action Net-work; Friends Committee on National Legis-lation; Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Amer-ica; Hadassah, The Women’s Zionist Organi-zation of America, Inc.; Hindu American Foundation; Hispanic Baptist Convention of Texas; Interfaith Alliance; International So-ciety for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON); Islamic Networks Group; Islamic Society of North America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.041 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9388 November 16, 2017 
Jewish Community Relations Council, Greater Boston; Jewish Community Rela-tions Council of Greater Washington; Jewish Council for Public Affairs; The Jewish Fed-erations of North America; Jewish Women International; Kentucky Council of Church-es; Mid-Atlantic Cooperative Baptist Fellow-ship; National Advocacy Center of the Sis-ters of the Good Shepherd; National Baptist Convention of America; National Council of Churches; National Council of Jewish Women; National Sikh Campaign; NET-WORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; New Baptist Covenant; North Carolina Coun-cil of Churches; Oklahoma Conference of Churches; Pastors for Oklahoma Kids; Pas-tors for Texas Children; Pax Christi, Mont-gomery County, MD chapters; Pennsylvania Council of Churches. Presbyterian Church USA, Washington Of-fice of Public Witness; Progressive National Baptist Convention; Reconstructionist Rab-binical Assembly; Religions for Peace USA; Religious Institute; Rhode Island State Council of Churches; Seventh-day Adventist Church in North America; South Carolina Christian Action Council; South Dakota Faith in Public Life; T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights; Tennessee Coopera-tive Baptist Fellowship; Texas Baptists Com-mitted; Texas Faith Network; Texas Impact; Union for Reform Judaism; Unitarian Uni-versalist Association; Unitarian Universalist Service Committee; Unitarian Universalists for Social Justice; United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries; The United Methodist Church, General Board of Church and Society; Virginia Council of Churches; Women of Reform Judaism; Women’s Alli-ance for Theology, Ethics and Ritual (WATER). 
FAITH VOICES , August 16, 2017. Representative R
ONKIND, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE KIND: As a leader in my religious community, I am strongly op-posed to any effort to repeal or weaken cur-rent law that protects houses of worship from becoming centers of partisan politics. Changing the law would threaten the integ-rity and independence of houses of worship. We must not allow our sacred spaces to be transformed into spaces used to endorse or oppose political candidates. Faith leaders are called to speak truth to power, and we cannot do so if we are merely cogs in partisan political machines. The pro-phetic role of faith communities necessitates that we retain our independent voice. Cur-rent law respects this independence and strikes the right balance: houses of worship that enjoy favored tax-exempt status may engage in advocacy to address moral and po-litical issues, but they cannot tell people who to vote for or against. Nothing in cur-rent law, however, prohibits me from endors-ing or opposing political candidates in my own personal capacity. Changing the law to repeal or weaken the ‘‘Johnson Amendment’’—the the section of the tax code that prevents tax-exempt non-profit organizations from endorsing or oppos-ing candidates—would harm houses of wor-ship, which are not identified or divided by partisan lines. Particularly in today’s polit-ical climate, engaging in partisan politics and issuing endorsements would be highly di-visive and have a detrimental impact on con-gregational unity and civil discourse. 
I therefore urge you to oppose any re-peal or weakening of the Johnson Amendment, thereby protecting the independence and integrity of houses of worship and other religious organiza-tions in the charitable sector. 
Respectfully, Wisconsin— Rabbi Jessica Barolsky, Rabbi, Reform Ju-daism, Milwaukee, WI. Pastor Kara Baylor, Director of the Center for Faith and Spirituality, Carthage College, Kenosha, WI. Rev. RaeAnn Beebe, Pastor, St. Paul’s United Church of Christ, Oshkosh, WI. Rabbi Marc Berkson, Rabbi, Congregation Emanu-El B’ne Jeshurun, Milwaukee, WI. Ms. Andrea Bernstein, Section President, National Council of Jewish Women—Mil-waukee Section, Milwaukee, WI. Rabbi Jonathan Biatch, Rabbi, Temple Beth El, Madison, Madison, WI. Rev. Mary Anne Biggs, Pastor, First Con-gregational United Church of Christ, Eagle River, WI. Coral Bishop, Treasurer, First Baptist Church, Madison, WI. Sr. Barbara Brylka, Pastoral Care Serv-ices, Felician Sisters—Villa St. Francis, Mil-waukee, WI. Sr. Rebecca Burke, Sister, Sisters of St. Francis of Assisi, Saint Francis, WI. Rabbi David Cohen, Rabbi, Congregation Sinai, Milwaukee, WI. Rev. Cindy Crane, Lutheran Office for Pub-lic Policy in Wisconsin, Madison, WI. Rev. Michael Crosby, CR Agent, Province of St. Joseph of the Capuchin Order, Mil-waukee, WI. Sr. Frances Cunningham, Senior Sister, School Sisters of St. Francis, Roman Catho-lic, Shorewood, WI. Rev. Glenn Danz, Pastor, St. Paul’s United Church of Christ, Colgate, WI. Mr. Steven C. Davis, Certified Lay Speak-er/Leader, United Methodist Church of Whitefish Bay, Glendale, WI. Dr. Beverly Davison, Lay Leader, Former President, American Baptist Churches (U.S.A.), Madison, WI. Rev. Dr. James Davison, First Baptist Church, Madison, WI. SIGNERS OF THE COMMUNITY LETTER  The Community Letter in Support of Non-partisanship, signed by more than 5,500 orga-nizations from every state and every seg-ment of the charitable and foundation com-munities, makes a strong statement in sup-port of nonpartisanship and urges those who have vowed to repeal or weaken this vital protection to leave existing law in place for nonprofit organizations and the people they serve. 
ALABAMA  Alabama Asian Cultures Foundation, Bir-mingham; Alabama Association of Non-profits, Birmingham; Alabama Historic Iron-works Foundation, McCalla; Black Warrior Riverkeeper, Birmingham; Cahaba River So-ciety, Birmingham; Cahaba Riverkeeper, Birmingham; Cloverdale Playhouse, Mont-gomery; Community Foundation of Greater Birmingham, Birmingham; Community Grief Support Service, Birmingham; Coosa Riverkeeper. Empowered to Conquer, Birmingham; Fam-ily Promise of Coastal Alabama, Mobile; First Light, Inc., Birmingham; Fraternal Order of Eagles; Friends of Shades Creek, Inc., Homewood; Gasp, Inc., Birmingham; Girls Inc. of Central Alabama, Birmingham; Global Ties, Alabama, Huntsville; Greater Birmingham Ministries, Birmingham; Heart Gallery of Alabama, Inc. Humane Society of Elmore County, Wetumpka; Huntsville Youth Orchestra; John Stallworth Foundation; KB Consulting, Hanceville; Prichard Boxing Academy, Prichard; Public Education Foundation of Anniston, Inc., Anniston; Ruff Wilson Youth Organization; Shelby Emergency Assistance, Inc., Montevallo; Society of Mayflower De-scendants in Alabama, Alexander City; St. Vincent’s Health System, Birmingham; Swell Fundraising, Birmingham. The Arc of Shelby County, Pelham; The Dance Foundation, Birmingham; The Epi-lepsy Foundation of Alabama, Mobile; The Greater Huntsville Humane Society, Hunts-ville; The National Center for Fire and Life Safety, Calera; Theatre Tuscaloosa, Tusca-loosa; United Way of East Central Alabama, Anniston; Village Creek Society, Bir-mingham; Virginia Samford Theatre, Bir-mingham; Workshops, Inc., Birmingham. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, when I go to my church, South Beaver Creek Lu-theran Church, Sunday mornings with my family in rural western Wisconsin by our family farm, I view that place as a sanctuary for my soul; a place for us to congregate, to commune, to spend time in fellowship with our fel-low neighbors, and to check up on one another. Yes, preach values and preach moral lessons to our children, absolutely. But by repealing the Johnson amendment, you have the potential of creating con-flict in the pews. You could be creating Republican and Democratic churches, mosques, and synagogues overnight. This is one of the last refuges, one of the last institutions that we still have as a country given how much we are self-segregating and deciding whom we like to hang out with, what clubs we join, what people we want to associate with, even our own family members, because of political affiliation. Our places of worship are one of the last places we can come regardless of polit-ical affiliation. This will create unnecessary strife and unnecessary conflict, and it has the potential of driving young people away from organized religion because they won’t put up with this. It could be a backdoor attempt for a lot of polit-ical contributors now to get tax-ex-empt contributions to these organiza-tions for direct, partisan political cam-paigns. That is why the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation viewed this as a cost of over $2 billion. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to reconsider and reject this, and let’s prevent that conflict in our commu-nities. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that the aver-age family of four in the Third District of Wisconsin will see a tax cut of over $2,000. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), who is the chairman of the Small Busi-ness Committee and a champion for small businesses. b1000 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As a result of this bill, Ohio families will keep more of what they earn. Ad-ditionally, it will create tens of thou-sands of jobs in Ohio and in other States all across the country. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I want to make sure that the Tax Code works for our Nation’s job creators so that we can create jobs, not against them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.009 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9389 November 16, 2017 
Seventy percent of the new jobs cre-ated in the American economy now-adays are created by small businesses. Unfortunately, small businesses are getting killed by the existing Tax Code. This Tax Code will bring rates down from approximately 40 percent for small-business owners to, in many cases, 25 percent and, in a lot of cases, 9 percent. From 40 percent down to 9 percent. That means small businesses can keep that money, invest and create more jobs for more Americans. The naysayers around here obviously can’t say enough bad about this bill, but it is going to be good for America. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, one-third of the gentleman’s constituents claim the State and local tax deduction, totalling $11,684 per family. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), a great friend to all of us here in this institution. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, before I start, I include in the R
ECORD two ar-ticles. One is a letter from the National Fraternal Order of Police, representing 330,000 police officers in this country coming out against this bill because it will affect their members in a very, very terrible way. The other is an arti-cle in The New York Times today: ‘‘Re-publican Tax Plans Put Corporations Over People.’’ 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL  O
RDER OF POLICE , Washington, DC, November 14, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY P. P ELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES E. S CHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER , SENATOR MCCONNELL , R
EPRESENTATIVE PELOSI AND SENATOR SCHU-
MER: I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to urge you to protect the State and local tax (SALT) de-duction in the current tax code. Our mem-bers put their lives and safety at risk to pro-tect our homes, schools and communities. Their salaries and the equipment they use are paid for by State and local taxes on prop-erty, sales and income. These funds are then invested in our law enforcement agencies and the men and women serving in law en-forcement. The FOP is very concerned that the partial or total elimination of the SALT deductions will endanger the ability of our State and local governments to fund these agencies and recruit the men and women we need to keep us safe. In addition, our members are also citizens of these communities who work and pay these State and local taxes. The elimi-nation of the SALT deductions, in whole or in part, will be deeply harmful to them and their families, effectively raising their taxes as much as $6,300 according to recent studies. The SALT deduction has been part of the tax code since it was originally drafted in 1913. Our members would certainly oppose any ef-fort of the Federal government to tax their income twice by eliminating the SALT de-duction. On behalf of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, I urge Con-gress to preserve the SALT deductions, to re-ject any effort to eliminate, in whole or in part, these deductions and oppose the final bill if these deductions are included. I thank you in advance for your consideration of our views. Please feel free to contact me or my Senior Advisor Jim Pasco if I can provide any additional information on this impor-tant issue. Sincerely, CHUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
[From the New York Times, Nov. 16, 2017] R
EPUBLICAN TAXPLANS PUTCORPORATIONS  O
VERPEOPLE  (By Jim Tankersley) W
ASHINGTON .—There are tough choices at the heart of the Republican tax bills speed-ing through Congress, and they make clear what the party values most in economic pol-icy right now: deep and lasting tax cuts for corporations. The bill set to pass the House on Thursday chooses to take from high-tax Democratic states, particularly California and New York, and give to lower-tax Republican states that President Trump carried in 2016, particularly Florida and Texas. It allows for tax increases on millions of families several years from now, if a future Congress does not intervene, but not for similar increases on corporations. The version of the bill moving through the Senate Finance Committee chooses to give peace of mind to corporate executives plan-ning their long-term investments. That comes at the expense of added anxiety for in-dividual taxpayers, particularly those in the middle class, who could face stiff tax in-creases on Jan. 1, 2026. A consistent conservative philosophy un-derpins all those decisions. So does a very large bet—economically and politically—on the power of business tax cuts to deliver rapid wage growth to United States workers. There is also the appearance, to liberal critics in particular, of Republicans seeking to reward their prized constituencies first, while leaving others to bear the con-sequences if their most optimistic scenarios do not play out. The tax plans have evolved rapidly since House leaders first introduced their bill at the beginning of the month. Amendments in the Ways and Means Committee restored some cherished tax breaks that had been tar-geted for elimination, including those for adoptive parents, and expanded the bill’s tax breaks for owners of businesses that are not organized as traditional corporations. The Senate bill differed from the House version when it was introduced last week, and broke further away on Tuesday night, with a package of amendments that included repealing the Affordable Care Act’s mandate that most individuals buy health insurance. To comply with procedural rules that would allow Republicans to pass the bill on a party- line vote in the Senate, the amendment also set an expiration date—Dec. 25, 2025—on all the individual tax cuts in the legislation. The plans also differ on their treatment of state and local tax deductions. The Senate would kill them entirely. The House would maintain them only for property taxes and cap the deduction at $10,000 a year. Econo-mists generally say that those tax breaks are inefficient. But eliminating them, in the context of the House bill, would add up to a large geographic transfer of income, accord-ing to research by Carl Davis, the research director of the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy in Washington. The House bill would raise personal taxes on Californians and New Yorkers by a com-bined $16 billion in 2027, Mr. Davis found, while cutting personal taxes on Texans and Floridians by more than $30 billion in total. His analysis finds only one state that Mr. Trump carried in 2016 —Utah—would receive lower personal tax benefits under the bill than would be expected, given its share of national income, compared with 11 states won by his Democratic rival, Hillary Clin-ton. The average Clinton state would receive 82 percent of its expected benefits, by share of national income, under the plan. The aver-age Trump state would receive 181 percent. ‘‘It’s not unusual for a tax bill to have varying impacts in different parts of the country,’’ Mr. Davis said. ‘‘But the degree to which this bill makes winners and losers out of different states is remarkable.’’ Curtailing state and local deductions helps finance a core feature of both the House and Senate bills, which happens to be one of the few provisions Mr. Trump has called non-negotiable in tax discussions: cutting the corporate income tax to a flat 20 percent rate, down from a top rate of 35 percent today. Republicans have kept those cuts per-manent, even as the Senate applied an expi-ration date to the individual cuts and to a key tax credit for families in the House bill. The Senate bill also sets an expiration date on breaks for so-called pass-through busi-nesses, whose owners pay taxes on profits through the tax code for individuals. In Washington, Republicans have stressed that cutting corporate taxes will super-charge economic growth, accelerating job creation and raising wages in the process. By that theory, making such cuts permanent is essential. The gamble is apparent. Polls show that voters want corporations to pay higher, not lower, taxes and that they doubt corporate rate cuts will show up in their own pay-checks, as the White House has claimed. Per-haps not coincidentally, Republican leaders have pitched their bills largely as middle- class tax cuts, stressing the benefits for the typical American family during television appearances and news conferences. ‘‘The policy expects that the corporate tax cuts will do the most for growth,’’ said Lanhee J. Chen, a research fellow at Stan-ford University’s Hoover Institution, who was the policy director for Mitt Romney’s presidential campaign in 2012. ‘‘On the other hand, they’re the hardest to explain.’’ It is an especially tricky explanation in the context of the requests Republicans are making of individual taxpayers, particularly the middle class, to trust that any benefits they see from the bills will not vanish over a decade. The Senate bill is scheduled to de-liver an individual tax increases on 137 mil-lion tax filers in 2027 if Congress does not in-tervene first, according to calculations by Ernie Tedeschi, an economist at Evercore ISI. Liberals warn the shock would be huge for low- and middle-income families. Republicans are ‘‘making a choice as to which elements of their plan are perma-nent,’’ said Jacob Leibenluft, a senior ad-viser at the Center on Budget and Policy Pri-orities and a former economic aide under President Barack Obama, ‘‘and I think it’s worth starting with taking them at face value.’’ Canceling those looming increases would further add to the federal budget deficit, if the move is not paired with spending cuts. Middle-class families planning ahead can imagine two possible consequences from that decision: Either an immediate increase in their taxes eight years from now, or an ex-plosion in federal budget deficits, which could necessitate spending cuts to safety net programs like Social Security and Medicare. ‘‘The bill reflects talking out of both sides of your mouth at the same time—neither of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.018 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9390 November 16, 2017 
which is leading to good policy,’’ said Maya MacGuineas, the president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. Republican leaders in both chambers have said that they will not allow individual tax breaks to expire—and that their corporate cuts will yield enough growth and additional tax revenue to pay for themselves, or at least come close. Ms. MacGuineas and others fear the opposite could be even more likely: that growth will fall far short of those opti-mistic projections, and when the expiring tax provisions come up for reauthorization, budget deficits will be swelling. The result, they say, would be more hard choices—and predictable ones. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are advised that editorial content inserted within unanimous consent re-quests could result in Members’ time being charged. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, if it weren’t bad enough, Mr. Speaker—and I come over to this side for a reason: I have got many brothers and sisters whom I love here—this is a terrible bill. Unanimous consent here. The real price of this bill is hidden. $30 billion in interest on the debt every year. Who pays this? If it weren’t bad enough, the taxes that people have to pay today, as well as our children and our grandchildren, but beyond that, the real price of this bill is further hidden. The temporary family flexibility credit expires after 5 years. The temporary exclusion for independent care costs expires after 5 years. Some have estimated that, if Repub-licans make these provisions perma-nent, as they claim will happen in fu-ture Congresses, the costs of the bill will increase to over $400 billion. The Senate bill cuts off relief for families in 7 years. They are hiding over $500 billion in costs. I am particularly interested in the SALT exclusion as a deduction. Folks in New Jersey, California, Maryland, New York, Connecticut, et cetera, are going to be paying the costs of this de-duction being removed. You can’t make this up. In fact, the increase mostly comes from eliminating the State and local tax deduction for individuals, but cor-porations can continue to deduct their State and local taxes. You can’t, Mr. and Mrs. America. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, today is not just about tax reform. Today is also about what we fundamentally be-lieve as a nation. Today, we say work-ing class families, not the government, are best equipped to make financial de-cisions. Did we hear anything from our Democratic friends for nearly 8 years about lowering taxes on middle and lower income families? We did not. Now, for the first time since 1986, we are going to overhaul our broken Tax Code. Here is what it means for families in North Carolina. Middle-income fami-lies will see more than a $2,300 increase in their take-home pay. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act means more than 30,000 new jobs in North Carolina. I am encouraged that our Senate col-leagues have also decided to include the ObamaCare individual mandate re-peal and would urge our House Con-ference to consider it, as well. Last, I would like to thank Chairman BRADY . There is no greater servant in the United States House. Thanks to his work and that of his team, today we keep our promise. It is time to move forward. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), a thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the promise of tax reform has degenerated into little more than a scam to aid tax dodgers. While public attention is di-verted to the scandal in Alabama, Re-publicans are rushing through this sham of a bill, developed in the dark with lobbyists, before most Americans realize what is about to hit them in the face. Instead of more jobs at home, Repub-licans create a giant, new gaping loop-hole to ship ever more jobs abroad. Even Speaker R
YAN’s home State Re-publican Senator R
ONJOHNSON con-cedes that, under this bill, ‘‘there will be a real incentive to keep manufac-turing overseas.’’ It is hardly a surprise since President Trump’s Wall Streeter designated to run the show has just been identified personally from leaked Bermudan doc-uments as the past executive of not one, but 22 different island tax-paradise shell companies. Meanwhile, another loophole, carried interest, that flows to plutocrats like Donald Trump. That is the very injus-tice he promised to stop last year. It will keep flowing right into their pock-et. As for the deduction for student in-terest for those who are overwhelmed with college loans, like other middle- class tax provisions, that is part of the $65 billion that is cut out of tax incen-tives by Republicans in this bill. They are totally dependent upon al-ternative facts. Today’s bill even authorizes those who want to pay absolutely zero in tax to do that by abolishing the alter-native minimum tax (AMT). That one change that they make, in one year, would have put $31 million in Donald Trump’s pocket. So you can certainly understand why he is coming to the Capitol today, just to say thank you: Thank you for the billion dollars-plus that is estimated to go to the Trump family under this bill. ‘‘When does my tax refund get here?’’ he must be saying. Of course, we don’t know precisely how much Donald Trump is enriched because these Republicans keep colluding to hide his tax returns. Republicans want to apply a ‘‘dy-namic score’’ to this bill. I say: create a dynamic workforce, invest in people, and don’t overwhelm us with endless debt. Develop a more competitive, healthy workforce that empowers our DREAMers and other immigrants and that gives every American access to education and skill upgrades to achieve their full, God-given potential. As they deny one middle-class deduc-tion after another and impose this new Alzheimer’s tax, Republicans claim that they have a patented tax miracle cure for most everything but baldness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 15 seconds. Mr. DOGGETT. We have seen this trickle-down, medicine sideshow be-fore. It didn’t work then; it won’t work now. All they are doing is grabbing for a political life preserver after 10 months of Republican failures and leave Amer-ica drowning in debt. This isn’t ‘‘tax reform.’’ It is a giant giveaway to Washington special interests that must be stopped. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, my late father was the rank-ing Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee when the last tax re-form was passed in 1986. I know person-ally how difficult it was then to bring all the competing interests together. Everything looks easy from a distance. Everyone in this Congress would write a slightly different tax bill if given the chance to do so, but we can’t have 535 different tax bills. Even Chair-man B
RADY would probably change some things if he had complete control over it. I would favor some slight dif-ferences, but this is a great bill, over-all, for middle-income people. We need to do more in the future to cut spend-ing along with it. K
EVIN BRADY is the right man at the right time. I think he has done a mas-terful job in bringing this bill to the floor. No other bill will do more to help keep jobs in this country. No other bill we can pass in this Congress would do more to help more people than this one will. I urge the bill’s passage. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), whose knowl-edge of new markets tax credits is sec-ond to none in this institution. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD two letters: one from the National Edu-cation Association and one from the American Council on Education. 
NOVEMBER 15, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the three million members of the National Edu-cation Association (NEA), and the 50 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.022 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9391 November 16, 2017 
students they serve, we urge you to Vote No on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1), a re-write of the U.S. tax code being voted on this week. This multi-trillion dollar plan is a tax giveaway to the wealthiest and corporations paid for on the backs of working families and students, and jeopardizes the ability of states and local communities to adequately fund public schools. Votes associated with this issue may be included in NEA’s Legisla-tive Report Card for the 115th Congress. Tax plans reveal the priorities of a nation and in a number of respects this one tells working and middle-class families, students, and educators that they must sacrifice in order to further enrich the wealthy and cor-porations. We oppose the bill as currently crafted for several reasons outlined below. 
A GIVEAWAY TO THE WEALTHY AND CORPORA -
TIONS SETS UP DRASTIC CUTS TO MEDICAID , 
MEDICARE , AND EDUCATION  Analysis of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation’s estimate of H.R. 1’s impact shows that the bill is overwhelmingly skewed to the wealthy. Households with annual in-comes over $1 million would receive 16 times the percentage increase in after-tax income as other taxpayers. In addition, 45 percent of the cost of the bill’s tax cuts would go to households with incomes above $500,000—less than one percent of filers. Meanwhile, JCT estimates show that taxes would actually in-crease for filers with incomes between $20,000 and $40,000 over the life of the bill. For now, much of the tax cuts will be def-icit-financed, but the budget resolution that helped pave the way for this plan previews the next phase: future legislation to cut the growing deficit caused by tax cuts by de-manding cuts to critical services that help working people, children, seniors, and oth-ers—Medicaid, Medicare, education, and more. In fact, some of this impact will be im-mediate. According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), without enacting subse-quent legislation, the tax bill will trigger automatic spending cuts to pay for the tax changes under a ‘‘paygo’’ law. The CBO anal-ysis concludes that Medicare would face an FY18 reduction of $25 billion with a remain-ing $111 billion to be sequestered from re-maining mandatory programs. Kansas provides a window into what this approach looks like. In 2012, the state’s former governor pushed through similar massive tax cuts to individuals and busi-nesses that allegedly would boost the econ-omy. In reality, Kansas’ job growth was ane-mic and the governor and legislature starved state services. Kansas cut funding for public schools, infrastructure, and other services, and scrambled to close a $350-million budget deficit. After voters spoke at the ballot box, lawmakers reversed course, raising taxes and overriding—in a bipartisan manner—the gov-ernor’s veto. Rather than rushing forward with a partisan bill, Congress would do well to heed the recent lesson from America’s heartland. 
ELIMINATING SALT DEDUCTION IS A TAX IN -
CREASE AND WILL DEVASTATE EDUCATION  
FUNDING  H.R. 1 would eliminate most of the state and local tax deduction (SALT)—taking money out of the pockets of as many 44 mil-lion middle-class families across the nation. While the bill hammers middle-class families on this, it oddly preserves the ability of busi-nesses to deduct state and local taxes—yet another example of how the bill takes from working families to provide tax giveaways to those who are wealthier. Eliminating any part of the state and local tax deduction could lead to a tax increase on middle class families and have a negative, ripple effect on the ability of states and local communities to fund public services, like education. That could translate into cuts to public schools, lost jobs to educators, and overcrowded classrooms that deprive stu-dents of one-on-one attention. NEA conducted a detailed analysis of the plan to eliminate most of SALT. In total, education funding could take a $250 billion cut over the next 10 years and put up to 250,000 education jobs at risk. It is no secret what is likely to follow if Congress elimi-nates SALT. If there is any doubt, one need only to listen to what far-right groups like ALEC are saying right now. Their letter about the SALT deduction lays out their plan—to lobby for lower taxes at the state and local level. This means even fewer avail-able funds for students and public education. TURNING POPULAR 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLAN  
INTO A VOUCHER -LIKE SCHEME FOR THE  
WEALTHY  The tax plan distorts a popular education tax program for middle-class families by cre-ating a voucher scheme with no income lim-its that is aimed at benefitting the wealthy to set aside up to $10,000 annually in a tax- free account for private school expenses. Both the Heritage Foundation and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos agree, noting to the Washington Post that the backdoor voucher plan is ‘‘. . . a good step forward . . .’’ in al-lowing public dollars to follow children to private school. Make no mistake. This poor-ly veiled voucher program will only benefit the wealthiest families who can already af-ford private school tuition at the expense of our students, communities, and taxpayers. In the end, no matter what form or name a voucher program takes, the impact is the same. This risky voucher program will hurt students and neighborhood schools—where 90 percent of children attend. 
ELIMINATION OF THE MODEST EDUCATOR TAX  
DEDUCTION  While offering huge giveaways for wealthy individuals and corporations, the plan inexplicably eliminates the popular educator tax deduction that allows educators to de-duct eligible unreimbursed out-of-pocket classroom spending—books, paper, pencils, and art supplies purchased to supplement meager school budgets—up to $250 annually. The popular plan made ‘‘permanent’’ by Con-gress just two years ago, was claimed on 3.7 million tax returns in 2015. Almost every ed-ucator pays out of pocket for school supplies. The most recent study by the National School Supplies and Equipment Association (NSSEA) estimated that public school edu-cators spent $1.6 billion of their own money during the 2012–2013 school year on classroom supplies. An estimated 99 percent of public school teachers spent some amount of money out of pocket for their classrooms, with typ-ical amounts ranging from $500–$1,000. 
MAKING COLLEGE EVEN MORE COSTLY FOR  
FAMILIES  The plan also eliminates the student loan interest deduction. This is bad news for stu-dents and families. Under current rules, bor-rowers paying off education loans can annu-ally deduct up to $2,500 of interest paid on student loans. H.R. 1 essentially raises the long-term cost of attending college by elimi-nating the deductions for interest paid on student loans. According to the IRS, over 12 million individuals claimed this deduction in 2015. Further, the bill eliminates a provision that allows universities to waive tuition for graduate students. Graduate students would be taxed on the value of that tuition as if it were income, making it almost impossible for many students to afford graduate de-grees. In a time of rising college costs and skyrocketing student loan debt, it is un-thinkable to take away provisions that as-sists students and families struggling to pay for college. ELIMINATING SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL  
CONSTRUCTION BONDS PROGRAM  The Qualified Zone Academy Bond (QZAB) Program has proven to be an efficient and cost-effective way to help disadvantaged communities address pressing renovation and repair needs in schools. Investors receive a federal tax credit equal to the amount of interest payable on the bonds, thereby re-lieving local taxpayers and municipalities of the interest burden. A school that is awarded a QZAB may use the funds to renovate and repair buildings, invest in equipment, and update technology which are all vital to stu-dent well-being and success. Eliminating this program will only ensure that more and more students will go to school in yester-day’s buildings with out-of-date technology and often unsafe, crumbling infrastructures. 
PUTTING STATE AND LOCAL PUBLIC PENSIONS  
FUNDING AT RISK  Section 5001 of H.R. 1 could subject certain investment of state and local government pension plans to the unrelated business in-come tax (UBIT). Investment earnings pay for approximately two-thirds of state and local government pension benefits, which are taxed when distributed to participants. In addition to the revenue lost from the tax itself, subjecting these pension plans to UBIT could pose significant and complex compliance costs that could dramatically af-fect pension funds. Further, the UBIT will result in a drag on these critically important investment returns, sets a dangerous prece-dent for taxation of state entities, and will ultimately increase costs to taxpayers. 
REWRITING THE TAX CODE SHOULD NOT BE  
RUSHED  In 1986, Congress undertook a yearlong, bi-partisan effort to deliberately and carefully rewrite the tax code. Measured consideration should again be taken in understanding the near-term and long-term impacts a tax code rewrite will have on families, communities, and public services. Instead, Congressional leadership is rushing the process and putting forward a bill that further tilts the scale in favor of the wealthy and corporations, and paid for by working families. For all of the reasons outlined above, we urge you to Vote No on H.R. 1. Sincerely, M
ARCEGAN, Director of Government Relations, National Education Association. 
AMERICAN COUNCIL ON EDUCATION , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Re Higher Education Provisions in H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BERNEAL: On behalf of the American Council on Education and the undersigned higher education associations, we write to express grave concerns with H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation, taken in its entirety, would discourage participation in postsec-ondary education, make college more expen-sive for those who do enroll, and undermine the financial stability of public and private, two-year and four-year colleges and univer-sities. According to the Committee on Ways and Means summary, the bill’s provisions would increase the cost to students attend-ing college by more than $65 billion between 2018 and 2027. This is not in America’s na-tional interest. It is possible to offer tax relief to hard- working middle-class and lower-income 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.013 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9392 November 16, 2017 
Americans in a way that does not increase college costs and does not make a quality higher education less accessible. We are eager to work with Congress to enact such legislation, but this bill heads in the wrong direction. Our main objections to the bill are listed below, in the order in which they appear in the legislation. The order is not meant to re-flect prioritization: Sec. 1002: Changes to the standardized de-duction, which will reduce charitable con-tributions to our institutions; Sec. 1002: Repeal of Lifetime Learning Credit, while not substantially increasing the American Opportunity Tax Credit (AOTC); Sec. 1204: Repeal of the Student Loan In-terest Deduction (SLID); Sec. 117(d): Repeal of the qualified tuition reduction; Sec. 127: Repeal of educational assistance program; Sec. 1303: Changes to the state and local tax (SALT) deduction, which will reduce state budgets and, in turn, funding for public higher education; Sec. 3601: Termination of private activity bonds; and, Sec. 5103: Creation of a new excise tax on endowments at private colleges and univer-sities. Colleges and universities also have a num-ber of concerns about other provisions that would negatively impact students by less-ening charitable giving, limiting university- industry partnerships, and compromising educational quality. T
ITLE I—T AXREFORM FOR INDIVIDUALS  
SUBTITLE A —SIMPLIFICATION AND REFORM OF  
RATES , STANDARD DEDUCTION , AND EXEMP -
TIONS  Sec. 1002. Enhancement of the standard de-duction Colleges and universities are concerned that doubling the standard deduction for in-dividuals and couples will reduce the number of taxpayers who itemize, significantly re-ducing the value of the charitable deduction and leading to a drop in donations to all non-profits, including colleges and universities. For private nonprofit and public colleges and universities, the charitable deduction is vital for generating private support to high-er education institutions to help achieve their educational missions of teaching, re-search, and public service. While the bill pre-serves a modest charitable giving incentive, its value would be significantly curtailed and charitable giving would decline to all nonprofits, which provide essential services to all Americans. We are disappointed that the bill did not include a proposal that would expand the charitable deduction to non- itemizers, like the universal charitable de-duction. 
SUBTITLE C —SIMPLIFICATION AND REFORM OF  
EDUCATION INCENTIVES  Sec. 1201. The American Opportunity Tax Credit (AOTC) H.R. 1 would repeal the Lifetime Learning Credit, while only expanding AOTC to in-clude a fifth year of reduced support. This would be a large step backwards, not an im-provement, for many students and their fam-ilies who benefit under current law. We ap-preciate that the bill maintains the ex-panded eligible expenses of the AOTC, which includes required course materials, as well as the current income thresholds. But we are extremely concerned that the ‘‘enhanced’’ AOTC, as written, would preclude graduate students, part-time students, lifelong learn-ers (particularly those seeking retraining), and any student taking longer than five years to finish their education from access-ing the AOTC, adversely impacting their fi-nancial ability to pursue a degree or lifelong learning. Indeed, under the changes proposed in the bill, many non-traditional students— the fastest growing segment of students in higher education—would lose significant tax benefits they currently rely upon to help fi-nance their higher education. Sec. 1204. Repeal of other provisions relat-ing to education The legislation as written would repeal the current Student Loan Interest Deduction (SLID). Under current law, any individual with income up to $80,000 (or $160,000 on a joint return) repaying student loans can cur-rently deduct up to $2,500 in student loan in-terest paid. In 2014, 12 million taxpayers ben-efited from SLID. Eliminating this provision would mean that, over the next decade, the cost of student loans for borrowers would in-crease by roughly $13 billion. H.R. 1 would also repeal two important provisions meant to exclude tuition waivers and tuition exemptions from income for campus employees and graduate students. Section 117(d) permits educational institu-tions to provide their employees, spouses, or dependents with tuition reductions that are excluded from taxable income, helping them afford a college education and providing an important benefit to many middle- and lower-income college employees. Section 117(d)(5) is also an important pro-vision that reduces the cost of graduate edu-cation and mitigates the tax liability of graduate students teaching and researching as part of their academic programs. Roughly 145,000 graduate students received a tuition reduction in 2011–2012. Repeal of this provi-sion would result in thousands of graduate students being subjected to a major tax in-crease. The provision is also critical to the research endeavor at major universities, par-ticularly in the crucial science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) fields. Accord-ing to data from the Department of Edu-cation, 57 percent of tuition reductions went to graduate students in STEM programs. Section 127 allows employers to offer em-ployees up to $5,250 annually in tuition as-sistance, which is excluded from taxable in-come. This provision has been an important means of building and adding to the com-petencies of the workforce and is a critical tool to help our nation accelerate its eco-nomic growth. For all of these reasons, we strongly be-lieve that Sections 117(d) and 127 should be preserved. SUBTITLE D —SIMPLIFICATION AND REFORM OF  
DEDUCTIONS  Sec. 1303. Repeal of deduction for certain taxes not paid or accrued in a trade or busi-ness Changes to the state and local tax (SALT) deduction will have a significant negative ef-fect on state budgets, forcing state govern-ments to make very difficult and harmful funding decisions. The SALT deduction helps state and local governments fund public services that provide widely shared benefits. Limiting the deduction will almost certainly make it harder for states and localities— many of which already face serious budget strains—to raise sufficient revenues in the coming years to fund higher education and other priorities. There has been a long-term decline in state support for higher education and cuts to SALT will exacerbate this prob-lem. Cuts in state support for public higher education can lead to increased tuition and potentially cuts to state student financial aid programs, raising the cost of attending college for students and their families. His-tory has shown that when states need to make cuts, support for higher education is often a primary target. TITLE III—B USINESS TAXREFORM  
SUBTITLE G —BOND REFORMS  Sec. 3601. Termination of private activity bonds H.R. 1 would eliminate private activity bonds, which are used by private nonprofit colleges and universities to finance capital projects. This repeal would essentially pre-vent institutions from using lower-cost tax- exempt bond financing. Higher borrowing costs can result in diminished investments in infrastructure, fewer jobs, reduced serv-ices, and increased service charges and other fees to students. T
ITLE V—E XEMPT ORGANIZATIONS  
SUBTITLE B —EXCISE TAXES  Sec. 5103. Excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities H.R. 1 fundamentally changes the way non-profits are treated by creating a new and un-precedented tax on endowments of some pri-vate colleges and universities. This provision undermines the very nature of the tax-ex-empt status of private colleges and univer-sities. While the new excise tax is currently focused on private institutions, we strongly oppose this new excise tax and the precedent it sets for all of higher education. Investment income from endowments is used every day to support nearly every as-pect of an institution’s operations, including all the components vital to its mission and the delivery of a high-quality, affordable education, from financial aid to research and student retention and success programs. An endowment is not a single entity that can be used for any purpose. Rather, it is a perma-nent investment fund consisting of often thousands of separate accounts designed for the needs of the present and the future. Under H.R. 1 potentially large amounts of endowment dollars would be redirected to the federal government, taking them away from providing scholarships to our students and supporting research and education. It also would effectively be a tax on donors’ contributions and shift money from the dedi-cated purpose for the donation. Roughly 160 institutions will likely be affected by this provision, and we strongly object to it. For all of these reasons, we cannot support H.R. 1 and strongly oppose the proposed changes outlined above. Sincerely, T
EDMITCHELL , President. On behalf of: ACPA—College Student Educators Inter-national, American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education, American Associa-tion of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine, American Association of Collegiate Reg-istrars and Admissions Officers (AACRAO), American Association of Community Col-leges, American Association of State Col-leges and Universities, American Association of University Professors, American Council on Education, American Dental Education Association, American Psychological Asso-ciation. APPA, ‘‘Leadership in Educational Facili-ties’’, Association of American Colleges and Universities, Association of American Med-ical Colleges, Association of American Uni-versities, Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities, Association of Community College Trustees, Association of Governing Boards of Universities and Colleges, Associa-tion of Jesuit Colleges and Universities, As-sociation of Public and Land-grant Univer-sities, Association of Research Libraries. Association of Teacher Educators, College and University Professional Association for Human Resources, Consortium of Univer-sities of the Washington Metropolitan Area, Council for Advancement and Support of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.028 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9393 November 16, 2017 
Education, Council for Christian Colleges & Universities, Council for Higher Education Accreditation, Council of Graduate Schools, Council of Independent Colleges, Council on Governmental Relations, Council on Social Work Education. EDUCAUSE, Hispanic Association of Col-leges and Universities, NAFSA: Association of International Educators, NASPA—Stu-dent Affairs Administrators in Higher Edu-cation, National Adult Learner Coalition, National Association for College Admission Counseling, National Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education, National Association of College and University Busi-ness Officers, National Association of Inde-pendent Colleges and Universities, National Association of Student Financial Aid Admin-istrators, National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation, The Council for Adult and Experien-tial Learning (CAEL), Thurgood Marshall College Fund, UNCF (United Negro College Fund), UPCEA. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the Republican tax bill is a dangerous bill that raises taxes on 36 million middle class households; takes healthcare from tens of millions of Americans; skyrockets the cost of health insurance for all Americans, but especially for those who are sick or have preexisting conditions; and di-rectly results in cuts to Medicare and safety net spending next year—all to give corporate special interests imme-diate, permanent, and monumental tax cuts. Cut, cut, cut is all that I have heard this week: cut the safety net; cut serv-ice for the needy; cut service for the physically challenged; cut the poor; cut the homeless; cut Medicaid; cut edu-cation; cut out low-income tax credits; cut out new market tax credits; cut out social services; cut block grants; cut student loans. Winter is here. Cut the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. If you live in Chicago, Minneapolis, the Midwest, or the Northeast, without any heat, you are subject to catch pneu-monia and die. There is no doubt about it. I can imagine that college residents, hospital administrators, and managers of programs are wringing their hands, wondering what they are going to do. I heard a minister last Sunday at one of the churches in my community ask-ing this, and he said: Pray, organize, vote. Vote against this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ), chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I also want to acknowledge our incredible chairman and his leadership over the last 7 years I have been here and work-ing this plan forward. It is an exciting time for all of us. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, legisla-tion to provide tax relief to middle class families and small-business own-ers across America. As a businessman for more than 30 years, I have had the opportunity to employ thousands of workers. I have seen firsthand how broken our tax sys-tem can be for many hardworking Americans. Under this bill, not only will the av-erage family of four receive a tax cut, but small businesses will finally be taxed at a lower rate to help them ex-pand and grow jobs in America. According to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, this bill will create 1 mil-lion new jobs and grow the economy by 4 percent, a growth rate this country hasn’t experienced since 2000. It is time to give all Americans a break in terms of their taxes. With pas-sage of this bill, we will finally have the opportunity to help middle class families and get our economy back on track. I urge support for this critical bill to cut taxes and reform our tax system. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ), one of the most knowledgeable members of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, this is nothing more than a hit job on middle America to pay for a massive tax cut for corporate America. The only certainty from this charade is slower economic growth, more income inequality, and exploding budget defi-cits. When you take away tax relief from sick people who were born into illness and for whom insurance doesn’t pro-vide enough coverage, that is a hit on middle America. When you remove help for people who are just trying to make college afford-able, who are trying to make them-selves better, that is a hit on middle America. b1015 And when you take away healthcare from 13 million Americans and raise the cost for millions more because you needed another $300 billion to give more to corporate America, that is a hit on middle America. And when 152,000 people from my community and millions more from New York lose 100 years of protection from State and local taxes, protection worth more than $8,000 per household, that is a hit on my community, it is a hit on New York State, and it is a hit on each and every community in Amer-ica. And when you take away the essen-tial needs of middle America to feed the rapacious needs of corporate Amer-ica, it is a hit on fundamental fairness, and that, Mr. Speaker, is a hit on all of America. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, we know that the economic and job creation benefits are key components of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, making the U.S. globally competitive again, giving much-needed tax cuts to American business, and much-needed wage in-creases to American workers. But, Mr. Speaker, it is really the long overdue direct tax benefits to the vast middle class, who don’t have a lobbyist living in the rich suburbs of Washington, D.C., that take center stage for me and my fellow North Dakotans. You see, 80 percent of the citizens of North Dakota file claiming this stand-ard deduction. That means, Mr. Speak-er, that the vast majority of my con-stituents will see their deductions nearly doubled if they do nothing else. And obviously, with the doubling of the standard deduction, it will likely in-spire even more North Dakotans to claim this simple deduction. Mr. Speaker, this huge benefit, com-bined with greater job opportunities and simpler, less expensive filing costs, and, of course, a generous family tax credit, will put more money in the pockets and less anxiety in the hearts of middle class North Dakotans. Sup-porting this reform package is easy for me because it is right for North Da-kota, and I thank Chairman BRADY for this outstanding work. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE), a very suc-cessful businesswomen in her own right, who understands the modern economy. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, in this Ryan-McConnell tax bill, Republicans are touting the largest set of corporate tax cuts in our country’s history. They are raving that their corporate cuts will create jobs, even though we know that trickle-down economics has never worked and never will. Instead of bringing Democrats and the public into the process, Repub-licans have made the most cynical tradeoffs, only hurting people who need help the most. This is wrong. Tax reform should be about coming together and making choices that reflect our values. Yet, under this plan, teachers, who buy supplies for their students, like pens, pencils, and paper, will lose the ability to deduct those costs from their tax returns, but corporations still can deduct supply costs. Firefighters will no longer be able to deduct their State and local income or sales taxes, but corporations still can. Homeowners will no longer be able to deduct all of their property taxes, but corporations still can. And if workers have to move because their employer is forcing them to relo-cate their families or lose their jobs, they will no longer be able to deduct their moving expenses, but corpora-tions, even those offshoring jobs, still can. This bill increases taxes on 36 million working families and rips away key lifelines that help people struggling with long-term illness, childcare, and education expenses. It blows a $1.5 tril-lion hole in the deficit and burdens our children and grandchildren with debt, triggering an automatic $25 billion cut to Medicare. This bill gives massive permanent tax cuts to corporations, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.030 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9394 November 16, 2017 
but working families will have to live with the temporary scraps thrown at them. Bottom line: this bill hurts Ameri-cans from cradle to retirement, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), one of the leaders of the Tax Policy Sub-committee. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
RADY and all the members of the Ways and Means staff who have worked tirelessly in order to bring this bill forward. I can’t tell you how excited I am to be here today. My friend, Mr. L
ARSON , I notice he wears a pin with a picture of John Kennedy, one of my favorite Presidents of all time. Let me just read from a speech that President Kennedy gave on December 14, 1962. This is 55 years ago, and he gave it in an address to the Economic Club of New York. ‘‘Our true choice is not between tax reduction, on the one hand, and the avoidance of large Federal deficits on the other. It is increasingly clear that no matter what party is in power, so long as our national security needs keep rising, an economy hampered by restrictive tax rates will never produce enough revenues to balance our budg-et—just as it will never produce enough jobs or enough profits. ‘‘ . . . only full employment can bal-ance the budget, and tax reduction can pave the way to that employment. The purpose of cutting taxes now is not to incur a budget deficit, but to achieve the more prosperous, expanding econ-omy, which can bring a budget sur-plus.’’ Keeping that in mind—and I hear the debate going back and forth—I would just encourage all of our Members: you are going to have a choice today to take your voting card, and you are going to put it in the voting machine, and you can push a green button that says ‘‘go,’’ putting this Nation back on track, making America the greatest economic power in the world; or you can push the red button and say: you know what, just not something I can vote for today because it is just not ex-actly what I want. Next week, 50 million Americans will travel because they want to come home; they want to come home for the holidays; they want to come home for Thanksgiving. This bill is a Thanks-giving bill. This is a jobs bill because what we are telling corporate America is we want you to come home. We want to make this a more favorable environ-ment for you to live, to work, to suc-ceed, because we know that true suc-cess in business is only a sustainable business model. So when you tax people at the high-est rate in the industrialized world, when you regulate people that puts them in an uncompetitive advantage on the shelf, they can’t exist, and so where do they go? They have to leave home to go overseas to find that an-swer. Now, I just want to go over some things that really are important. A friend of mine by the name of George Abraham, who is a basketball coach— George and I were talking one day, and we were talking about the value of win-ning. And George said to me: You know what, MIKE, the only position you want to be in is the number one position. And I said: Really? He goes: Yes. Because anything other than finishing first is you finish with the rest. If you were to take a survey, and Forbes did, and they said: If you were starting a business today, where would you start that business? And right away, I would say: Are you kidding me? It is the United States of America because of who we are, our greatness. And no, there are 22 other countries that people say I would rather go some-place else than do it right here in America. That is incredible. And when we talk about where we are as a peo-ple—where we are as a people—listen to these figures. These are not my figures, by the way. This is the Tax Founda-tion: Cuts for Americans at every eco-nomic level; Reduces taxes by almost $1,200 for every average-size middle-income American family; Reduces taxes by almost $2,000 for every average-size middle-income fam-ily in Pennsylvania’s Third District; Grows national GDP by 3.5 percent; Increases American wages by 2.7 per-cent; Increases after-tax income for every taxpayer by 3.8 percent in the long run; Increases after-tax incomes for me-dian families in Pennsylvania by over $2,300; Creates almost 900,000 new American jobs; and Creates, in my State of Pennsyl-vania, over 36,000 new jobs. So I say, this is a jobs bill. This is a revenue raiser for us. This is about bringing people back home. This is about more take-home pay for every hardworking American guy and gal who is out there who gets up every day and gets up to do one thing, and that is, to protect their families and work in the interest of their country. I am just asking you today to look at this card and know that you have with-in the power of your vote to unleash the greatest economy in the world, to unshackle it from a Tax Code that makes it impossible to compete glob-ally, that overregulates it and forces it offshore, and then blames them for leaving. This is a ‘‘come on back home.’’ This is a ‘‘don’t leave home; stay here; we are on your side; we are going to work with you; and we are going to get there.’’ I ask my friends on both sides of the aisle: Let’s do what is right for Amer-ica. If it is right for America, it is right for Republicans, it is right for Demo-crats, it is right for Independents, it is right for Libertarians, it is right for America. This is the right time to do the right thing. My friends, we cannot stay where we are. A standpat hand is a nonwinning hand. The ability to move forward, the ability to absolutely not just participate in a global economy but dominate a global economy and give every single American the faith and a future and restore the faith they need to have in this body that we are doing the best thing in their interest every single day that we come here. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am de-lighted to have Mr. K
ELLY —as he de-scribes sports teams, we discovered he is a closet Patriots fan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU), whose history, in terms of revenue and revenue collection, is well known to the Congress. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, one thing is clear about the GOP tax scam: corporate interests get a huge giveaway. They get a windfall tax break. Who pays for it? The middle class. Who wins? Corporations, billion-aires, millionaires, the Trump family. Who loses? Women, families, seniors, teachers, students. As a former Los Angeles Community College teacher of 20 years, I can’t be-lieve what Republicans are doing to students. They rip away critical bene-fits that help our students pay for their college education. They eliminate the student loan interest deductions and choose to tax graduate students on money they have never even received by taxing the tuition assistance they get for working for their schools. This bill even pinches students when they are still in elementary school by taxing their teachers who claim a de-duction for the school supplies they pay for out of their own paycheck. One teacher in my area even pays for the ink in her classroom printer. They don’t ask to be repaid, just to be able to deduct the expense. If corporations get to keep this de-duction, why not our teachers? And then if that is not cruel enough, they eliminate the deduction for extraor-dinary medical expenses for those with Alzheimer’s and cancer. And this week we learn that Republicans plan to pay for these corporate cuts by causing 13 million people to lose their health in-surance, a move that will increase pre-miums by 10 percent and result in indi-viduals with preexisting conditions los-ing access to lifesaving affordable cov-erage. Then Republicans eliminate the State and local tax deduction, which is used by over 6 million California households, to prevent their hard- earned dollars from being taxed twice. Of all the States, Californians will ac-tually face the largest net tax increase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.023 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9395 November 16, 2017 
from this bill of $12.1 billion in 2027 alone. California Republicans who vote for this bill ought to be ashamed of them-selves, and the voters need to hold them accountable. Thirty-six million middle class families will be stuck holding the bag under this plan. For what? For tax cuts for corporate inter-ests. This is unacceptable. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ), one of our key members of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. First of all, I want to thank President Trump for making this a priority, but I especially want to thank Chairman B
RADY for his tireless efforts and leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor today. Three decades ago, there was a 24- year-old starting a business in Ohio. He borrowed money and started hiring people. As he grew his business, he didn’t take a paycheck and kept hiring hardworking middle class Americans. But then, as he started looking over things, he couldn’t hire anymore, be-cause of the tremendous tax bill owed to the Federal Government. That is what small business entre-preneurs face in today’s tax environ-ment. That 24-year-old was me. Luck-ily, I was a certified public accountant. I was able to figure out a way to make my business work and grow without our suffocating Tax Code or through our suffocating Tax Code. Unfortunately, most small-business owners do not experience the Tax Code complexities until they get started. They have an idea, they start their business, and then the government steps in; and they are not CPAs. If my three children were to ask me today if they should risk and start a business, I would be hesitant to push them down that path, which is why I support H.R. 1, which lowers the tax rate for businesses and gives hard-working taxpayers a break. This bill puts more money in their pockets to do with it what is important to them, those hardworking taxpayers, not let-ting the government take it and waste it. b1030 Lowering the individual rate will give Americans the opportunity to choose where they want to spend their money instead of banking on a govern-ment to spend it for them. On the business side, the harsh re-ality is that America has become an uncompetitive place to do business. With the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world, it should not be a surprise that businesses are relocating to countries with better business cli-mates. Fortunately, by bringing our rate down to 20 percent, we can make America one of the most competitive countries in the world to do business. It is hard for U.S. companies to com-pete against companies based in Can-ada, where the Federal income tax rate is 15 percent, Ireland at 12.5 percent, or even the U.K., which will be 17 percent by 2020. Businesses set their prices to be competitive. The U.S. has to set its business rate to compete, as well. The high corporate tax rate is not just a Wall Street problem; it is a Main Street problem. Business entities do not pay taxes; people do. The burden of the corporate tax rate falls on three categories of people: shareholders, customers, and employ-ees. Corporations do not pay taxes; we do. This bill helps companies compete, hire more people, and give them a more competitive wage. This bill gives indi-viduals more money to spend on what they want, not what the government wants. This bill simplifies the Tax Code for hardworking Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this historic reform so more Americans can choose where their money goes, not Washington. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 1. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Ms. S
EWELL ), a Marshall Scholar and attorney. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to urge my colleagues to reject this misguided and mean-spir-ited tax bill that is being rushed through this Congress today. Mr. Speaker, this Republican sham tax bill picks winners and losers. The winners under this tax bill are corpora-tions, Wall Street fat cats, the top 1 percent of the highest wage earners in America, and the special interests. The losers are the middle class, working families, students, the most vulnerable in our society, and our farmers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the National Farmers Union, which objects to this bill. 
NATIONAL FARMERS UNION, November 14, 2017. C
ONGRESSIONAL TAXPLANS JEOPARDIZE THE  F
ARMSAFETY NET, CBO A NALYSIS SAYS For Immediate Release. Contact: Andrew Jerome. W
ASHINGTON .—Amidst the steepest drop in farm profitability in a generation, U.S. Con-gressional leadership is proposing tax reform legislation that would jeopardize all funding for farm bill commodity safety net pro-grams. The two tax bills being considered in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives would add $1.5 trillion to the federal deficit. According to new Congres-sional Budget Office analysis of the bills, that $1.5 trillion deficit increase would need to be offset by eliminating all funding for vital farm programs such as Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price Loss Cov-erage (PLC), among other mandatory federal spending programs. ‘‘If Congress passes legislation that in-creases the deficit, they will subsequently be forced to cut federal spending. In the case of the tax bill, current law could require 100 percent sequestration of all commodity pro-gram payments and other farm bill pro-grams,’’ said National Farmers Union Presi-dent Roger Johnson ‘‘Tax cuts for the high-est income brackets should absolutely not come at the expense of programs that pro-tect our nation’s family farmers and ranch-ers.’’ The House and Senate budget resolution that was passed earlier this year paves the way for tax cuts that would increase the U.S. federal deficit by $1.5 trillion over ten years Statutory pay-as-you-go (PAYGO) rules re-quire that increases in deficit spending be offset by reduced spending across non-ex-empt mandatory programs The government would be required to cut such programs by $150 billion per year in accordance with PAYGO. The total available pool of funding across all non-exempt mandatory programs amounts to, in CBO’s estimation, ‘‘only be-tween $85 billion to $90 billion,’’ meaning that all impacted mandatory spending pro-grams other than Medicare, including the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC), would be entirely stripped of funding. The CCC is the second largest non-exempt mandatory program, after Medicare It funds dairy and other farm program payments, in-cluding ARC and PLC, both of which are critical for keeping family farmers and ranchers in business during times of eco-nomic uncertainty. Discretionary spending and a number of mandatory programs, in-cluding Social Security, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), fed-eral crop insurance, and the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP), are exempt from PAYGO. ‘‘Farmers Union has long opposed using budget sequestration to reduce the fed-eral deficit, especially through cuts to agri-cultural programs,’’ added Johnson. ‘‘This proposal asks farmers and ranchers to trade any possible tax benefits for the elimination of farm safety net payments, like ARC and PLC. That would be a disastrous trade. NFU continues to advocate for a simplified, pro-gressive tax code that does not risk pro-grams vital to the livelihoods and well-being of American family farmers and ranchers.’’ Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. These are the very same people that this Presi-dent promised to benefit. This is what this bill does for cor-porate America: It dramatically cuts rates from the largest companies in the world, moving the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. It creates loopholes for wealthy indi-viduals to recharacterize their wage in-come as small business income so that they can pay less in taxes. It repeals the alternative minimum tax, which captures the tax liabilities for wealthy individuals. In fact, the only tax return that we have ever seen of Mr. Trump was his 2005 tax return in which he had to pay $38 million. Why? Because of AMT. And this tax bill will also perma-nently repeal the estate tax, which only affects 5,500 households in Amer-ica. And I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, none of those households are in my dis-trict. In contrast, how will this tax bill im-pact the middle class? Mr. Speaker, 36 million middle class households will pay more taxes. One in four taxpayers will pay more taxes. To pay for the corporate tax cuts, this bill will hurt working families. It will eliminate deductions on interest on student loans. It will eliminate medical expense deductions, which many, many households use to pay for long-term care needs. It will eliminate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.025 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9396 November 16, 2017 
the lifetime learning credit. And it will also do away with deductions for fami-lies that pay for daycare and aging par-ents. Mr. Speaker, this is not comprehen-sive tax reform. The American people deserve better, and we as a Congress can do better. Please reject this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
RADY for his leadership. Today is a huge victory for working Americans. Today, we take a giant step forward to deliver more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks for work-ing Hoosiers. This bill will create thou-sands of jobs in Indiana, and it will give the typical working family a $1,500 tax cut. The Trump tax plan also includes a provision that I authored to stop $4 bil-lion to $7 billion in refundable child tax credits paid out to illegal immigrants each year. These savings help expand the child tax credit for working Amer-ican families by $600 per child. Hoosiers get it: no one should get a tax incentive to violate the law. I urge all of my colleagues to support this plan. It will give working Hoosiers a pay raise, bring back jobs from over-seas, and get our economy moving again. I also urge the Senate to act and keep their promise to the American people. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. (Mr. LEWIS of Georgia asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an article about this bill’s impact on graduate students in my district. 
[From the Atlanta Journal Constitution, Nov. 16, 2017] O
PINION : ONLY WEALTHY CANAFFORD GRAD S
CHOOL UNDER HOUSE TAXPLAN UP FOR  V
OTETODAY  (By Maureen Downey) Jenny C. Bledsoe is a fifth-year Ph.D. can-didate in English at Emory University, spe-cializing in medieval literature. She was fea-tured in a New York Times story last week that examined how the GOP House tax plan would impact a range of American students. In this essay, Bledsoe focuses on the change that makes graduate tuition waivers taxable income. The tax plan is expected to come to the House floor today where passage is predicted. The Senate, however, is not expected to take up its own tax bill until after Thanksgiving. And then House and Senate conferees will have to hammer out their differences and come up with a compromise plan. Under the House plan, Bledsoe and other doctoral students would be hurt by a new provision that would tax graduate students on tuition wavers granted them in exchange for working as teaching assistants or re-searchers. The tax accountants hired by The New York Times estimated Bledsoe and her husband would pay an additional $7,194 in taxes under the House tax bill. When I about this last week, some readers contended the increase in the standard de-duction will offset the eliminations of these education deductions. However, some re-views found that not to be true for graduate students. IMPACT OF GOP T AXPLAN ON STUDENTS  (By Jenny C. Bledsoe) The House GOP tax bill makes graduate school inaccessible for anyone who is not independently wealthy, and it will likely cause current graduate students to drop out of doctoral programs and/or declare bank-ruptcy. A single line in the 429-page bill effects this change: 26 U.S. tax code §117(d) allows students conducting research or teaching for a university (usually Ph.D. students on fel-lowship) to receive tuition waivers tax free. Any stipends are taxed. The House ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,’’ how-ever, will repeal this provision, meaning that a Ph.D. student making a stipend of $24,000 will be taxed as if they are making $85,200. This would have been my situation two years ago. During the first three years of Emory’s Ph.D. program, a student currently receives a tuition waiver amounting to $61,200. Once you reach ‘‘tuition-paid’’ status after your third year, the annual tuition is $30,600. Tax experts hired by The New York Times estimated that my husband’s and my tax bill would increase by $7,194—despite the in-crease in the standard deduction—because of the newly taxable tuition waiver. Tuition amounts vary widely depending on the institution, and the situation may be worse (or better) for some individuals, de-pending on tuition rates and stipend amounts. At Georgia Tech, full-time grad-uate student tuition for one semester is $6,894 in-state and $14,284 out-of-state. Geor-gia State’s tuition is $4,680 in-state and $15,012 out-of-state for one semester. Graduate students will clearly owe much larger federal income tax bills, and in some states, including Georgia, they will also have to pay more due to the proposed changes to the federal tax credit for state and local in-come taxes. Those at private colleges and universities will be responsible for larger taxable amounts (given the higher tuition at private institutions). Those at public universities will pay the taxes on their relatively lower tuition waiv-er amounts, but they will have to do so with already significantly smaller stipends than Ph.D. students receive at private univer-sities. This is an issue across the disciplines. It will affect any graduate student pursuing a Ph.D. on a research or teaching fellowship, which common for those pursuing doctorates in STEM, the social sciences, and the hu-manities. In addition to graduate students suffering personally, universities will experi-ence the effects of their graduate students’ tax burdens in multiple ways (in addition to the bill’s other deleterious effects on higher education). Graduate students will have less time for research because they will have to work ad-ditional jobs. Humanities Ph.D. students, who provide essential labor as instructors, will have less time to devote to the classes they teach to undergraduates. Long-term effects are difficult to measure, but surely many lower-income students will no longer attend. It’s unlikely that inter-national students will be able to maintain a decent standard of living since they are often forbidden from taking on additional work. The House GOP tax bill will lead to a ‘‘brain drain,’’ with international students and Americans alike seeking graduate study elsewhere or not all. In terms of personal fi-nance, it will be extremely challenging (if not impossible) to meet one’s basic needs— food, shelter—while pursuing a higher de-gree. Unless . . . you’re independently wealthy. This single line in a massive tax bill destroys lower- and middle-class young Americans’ ability to pursue a professional career in academia, industry, or government. The bill reduces other education tax credits, which will adversely affect access to undergraduate as well as graduate education. The GOP will effectively end class mobility, return the academy fully to the so-called one percent, and reduce charitable donations to univer-sities by de-incentivizing itemized deduc-tions. Even if you don’t believe in the value of academic study, eliminating section 117(d) of the U.S. tax code would be bad for the econ-omy. Those who were not independently wealthy and who chose to pursue graduate studies anyway would have to do so with the help of student loans. Student loans are with you forever; student loan debt is not forgiven even when bankruptcy is declared. Young Americans are already saddled with too much debt, causing many opinion pieces to complain about the latest store or product that ‘‘millennials have killed’’ by not spend-ing enough money. Eliminating this line of tax code effec-tively condemns those who pursue higher education to a life of debt servitude. How is our economy, our country, our world to progress with these barriers against access to education, an essential asset in our dy-namic world? 
Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, also, I include in the R
ECORD letters of opposition from the ACLU, Baptist Joint Committee, and Americans United for Separation of Church and State. 
ACLU, Washington, DC, November 3, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY , RANKING MEMBER  N
EAL, AND MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE ON  W
AYS AND MEANS : 
ACLU STRONGLY OPPOSES UNCONSTITUTIONAL  
RELIGIOUS FAVORITISM PROVISION IN H .R. 1 The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is strongly opposed to Sec. 5201 in H.R. 1, the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This provision is designed—in violation of the Constitution—to give religious organiza-tions special tax benefits and privileges that are unavailable to all other, non-religious 501(c)(3) organizations. Accordingly, we urge that this unconstitutional provision be re-moved from the bill. Sec. 5201 would allow a house of worship to endorse one or more candidates in all of its statements, presentations, and teachings made during ‘‘religious services or gath-erings.’’ While current law applies to all tax- exempt nonprofit organizations, this provi-sion would apply only to churches. The Es-tablishment Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was designed to pre-vent exactly this kind of religious favor-itism. See, e.g. Texas Monthly v. Bullock , 489 U.S. 1 (1989) (striking down tax exemption that applied only to religious periodicals). Moreover, the Free Speech Clause of the First Amendment prohibits laws that engage in this type of viewpoint discrimination. See Rosenberger v. Rector & Visitors of the Univ. of Va., 515 U.S. 819 (1995) (invalidating a subsidy program that distinguished between reli-gious and nonreligious viewpoints) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.027 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9397 November 16, 2017 
Sec. 5201 includes a vague and undefined test that would open up houses of worship to extensive government entanglement. To de-termine whether a house of worship is com-plying with the law, the IRS would have to determine whether an endorsement (1) oc-curred during the ‘‘ordinary course’’ of the organization’s ‘‘regular and customary ac-tivities’’ in carrying out its ‘‘tax-exempt purpose;’’ (2) whether it amounted to a ‘‘de minimis incremental expense,’’ and (3) whether it took place during ‘‘religious serv-ices or gatherings.’’ To determine whether a house of worship meets this test, the IRS would have to investigate the house of wor-ship’s books, activities, sermons, and cor-respondence. The IRS would also have to judge whether an event is ‘‘religious’’ and part of a house of worship’s ‘‘exempt pur-pose.’’ By inviting this type of invasive gov-ernment scrutiny of church documents and judgment about religion, this provision actu-ally threatens, rather than upholds, the au-tonomy and independence of houses of wor-ship. Churches and religious leaders are already able to exercise their free speech—free from fear of sanction by the IRS—by speaking out on political and social issues. Church leaders are also completely free to support or en-dorse political candidates as private citizens. As an organization deeply committed since our founding nearly 100 years ago to pro-tecting the free speech rights of all people, the ACLU would vigorously oppose any ef-fort to chill the ability of houses of worship and religious leaders to speak out on what they see as the important issues of the day. That does not mean, however, that reli-gious organizations are entitled to receive special tax benefits and privileges that are unavailable to all other 501(c)(3) organiza-tions. The ACLU strongly opposes Sec. 5201 and urges the removal of this unconstitu-tional provision from the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1). Please feel free to contact Ian Thompson, legislative representative, with any ques-tions. Sincerely, F
AIZSHAKIR , National Political Di-rector. I
ANTHOMPSON , Legislative Represent-ative. 
BAPTIST JOINT COMMITTEE  
FORRELIGIOUS LIBERTY , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Ways and Means Com-mittee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BER NEAL: On behalf of the Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty (BJC), an 81-year-old agency serving 15 Baptist bodies on legal and policy matters relating to reli-gious liberty and the separation of church and state, I write to express strong opposi-tion to Section 5201 of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This provision seriously undermines the independence and integrity of our houses of worship and denominations by creating an exemption to the partisan campaign prohibi-tion that applies equally to all 501(c)(3) orga-nizations. This attempt to encourage certain religious organizations to engage in partisan campaigning is constitutionally problematic following the Supreme Court’s application of the Establishment Clause in Texas Monthly v. Bullock. We are committed to ensuring that the free speech rights for houses of worship and members of the clergy are respected. We do not share the view that current law prohib-iting 501(c)(3) organizations from partici-pating and intervening in partisan candidate campaigns infringes on those free speech rights. We joined with more than 100 other religious and denominational organizations in a letter to Congress, originally sent in April, saying we ‘‘strongly oppose any effort to weaken or eliminate protections in the law that prohibit 501(c)(3) organizations, in-cluding houses of worship, from endorsing or opposing political candidates.’’ The full let-ter is attached to my testimony. In 2002, the House voted down legislation offered by Rep. Walter Jones, called the Houses of Worship Political Speech Protec-tion Act (H.R. 2357). The BJC co-led the coa-lition of religious groups opposing that legis-lation, which failed by a House vote of 178– 239. We continue to think there is no reason to change the way the law works now, and we are very concerned about the con-sequences of weakening the protection for houses of worship. For more than 60 years, all 501(c)(3) organizations have been required to refrain from partisan campaign involve-ment in exchange for receiving that most-fa-vored tax status. The prohibition has al-lowed charitable organizations, including our houses of worship, to concentrate on their exempt purposes and not be distracted or co-opted by partisan campaigns. Current law strikes the right balance in protecting the integrity and independence of our religious sector. The tax law prohibition is not a divorcement of politics from houses of worship. Many churches feel that they are called to be ‘‘political’’ and to ‘‘speak truth to power’’ on a variety of social issues, and nothing in the tax law prevents pastors from speaking out from the pulpit on the issues, no matter how controversial. Houses of worship can encourage voting, engage in voter registration drives, host can-didate forums, distribute nonpartisan edu-cation materials, and invite all candidates for an office to speak during a worship serv-ice. Pastors and other leaders can endorse and oppose candidates in their personal capac-ities and without using the resources of the church. Whether and how openly they want to do this is a personal decision. Pastors know that their reputations will rise and fall with individuals they endorse and therefore may be reluctant to publicly endorse and op-pose candidates. They also consider the im-pact that their endorsements will have in their spiritual communities, particularly with those who may support another can-didate. But what is not permitted—and what most clergy and churchgoers don’t want in any event—is for the tax-exempt 501(c)(3) entity to endorse or oppose candidates. Polling con-sistently shows that large majorities—70 or 80 percent depending on the survey—oppose candidate endorsements in church. And when just clergy are asked, the numbers are more like 90 percent, including among evangelical pastors. These numbers are not surprising given the negative effects endorsements would have on houses of worship. Pastors and churchgoers I talk with think this would be a terrible idea for their congregations, dividing what are otherwise rather politically diverse commu-nities and distracting them from their reli-gious mission. Congregants also choose to worship in faith communities for reasons other than hearing a political ad. There are plenty of places in our culture today to en-gage in partisan electoral campaigns. Most people I know don’t want church to be one of those places. We also recognize the powerful prophetic voice with which the church speaks to power. That voice is threatened whenever the church associates itself too closely with the government or its officials. Creating an exemption for houses of wor-ship would expose churches to political pres-sure to endorse candidates during primaries and elections at all political levels, as the campaign intervention prohibition applies not only to presidential and congressional elections but to every state and local race, too. Many candidates and donors supporting candidates would have a strong incentive to put pressure on churches to become involved in their campaigns, particularly given the highly-valued tax status churches enjoy. Do-nors to churches, like all other 501(c)(3) orga-nizations, receive a tax deduction for their contributions. Churches also receive auto-matic 501(c)(3) tax status and are not re-quired to file the Form 990 information re-turn. Combining tax deductibility with these permissible accommodations for churches would make houses of worship particularly vulnerable targets for partisan campaign ac-tivity by political donors and others seeking to influence local, state, and national elec-tions. The legislative ‘‘solution’’ that has been put forward would threaten great harm to houses of worship. This bill injects a new subjective standard for the IRS to enforce, allowing political campaign involvement if it is ‘‘in the ordinary course of the organiza-tion’s regular and customary activities in carrying out its exempt purpose, and results in the organization incurring not more than de minimis incremental expenses.’’ What does ‘‘ordinary course’’ mean? What is the organization’s ‘‘regular and customary ac-tivities in carrying out its exempt purpose’’? What is ‘‘de minimis’’ compared to the orga-nization’s total budget? What is ‘‘incre-mental’’? These are all line-drawing ques-tions that would fall on the IRS, which would have a mandate to enforce this new standard with limited resources and with likely much more activity in this area, given the new permissible standard and political pressure to be involved. We would either see lack of enforcement, rendering the statutory limitations meaningless, or we would see troubling entanglement of the IRS in a church’s affairs. Neither outcome would be an improvement on our current system. Jesus taught us to render unto Caesar what is Caesar’s and to God what is God’s. Permitting tax-exempt churches to endorse candidates in a ‘‘sermon . . . or other presen-tation’’ during their ‘‘services or gatherings’’ threatens to fundamentally alter the very nature of and esteem for our religious sector. This approach does not bode well for religion or religious liberty. Respectfully, A
MANDA TYLER , Executive Director, Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.039 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9398 November 16, 2017 
Updated, November 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Senate Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Chairman, Senate Committee on Finance, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Ways and Means Com-mittee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONWYDEN , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Fi-nance, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M AJORITY LEADER  M
CCONNELL , LEADER PELOSI , LEADER SCHU-
MER, CHAIRMAN BRADY , CHAIRMAN HATCH , R
ANKING MEMBER NEAL, AND RANKING MEM-
BERWYDEN : We, the 103 undersigned religious and denominational organizations strongly oppose any effort to weaken or eliminate protections that prohibit 501(c)(3) organiza-tions, including houses of worship, from en-dorsing or opposing political candidates. Current law serves as a valuable safeguard for the integrity of our charitable sector and campaign finance system. Religious leaders often use their pulpits to address the moral and political issues of the day. They also can, in their personal capac-ities and without the resources of their houses of worship, endorse and oppose polit-ical candidates. Houses of worship can en-gage in public debate on any issue, host can-didate forums, engage in voter registration drives, encourage people to vote, help trans-port people to the polls and even, with a few boundaries, lobby on specific legislation and invite candidates to speak. Tax-exempt houses of worship may not, however, endorse or oppose candidates or use their tax-exempt donations to contribute to candidates’ cam-paigns. Current law simply limits groups from being both a tax-exempt ministry and a partisan political entity. As religious organizations, we oppose any attempt to weaken the current protections offered by the 501(c)(3) campaign interven-tion prohibition because: People of faith do not want partisan polit-ical fights infiltrating their houses of wor-ship. Houses of worship are spaces for mem-bers of religious communities to come to-gether, not be divided along political lines; faith ought to be a source of connection and community, not division and discord. Indeed, the vast majority of Americans do not want houses of worship to issue political endorse-ments. Particularly in today’s political cli-mate, such endorsements would be highly di-visive and would have a detrimental impact on civil discourse. Current law protects the integrity of houses of worship. If houses of worship en-dorse candidates, their prophetic voice, their ability to speak truth to power as political outsiders, is threatened. The credibility and integrity of congregations would suffer with bad decisions of candidates they endorsed. Tying America’s houses of worship to par-tisan activity demeans the institutions from which so many believers expect unimpeach-able decency. Current law protects the independence of houses of worship. Houses of worship often speak out on issues of justice and morality and do good works within the community but may also labor to adequately fund their ministries. Permitting electioneering in churches would give partisan groups incen-tive to use congregations as a conduit for po-litical activity and expenditures. Changing the law would also make them vulnerable to individuals and corporations who could offer large donations or a politician promising so-cial service contracts in exchange for taking a position on a candidate. Even proposals that would permit an ‘‘insubstantial’’ stand-ard or allow limited electioneering only if it is in furtherance of an organization’s mis-sion would actually invite increased govern-ment intrusion, scrutiny, and oversight. The charitable sector, particularly houses of worship, should not become another cog in a political machine or another loophole in campaign finance laws. We strongly urge you to oppose any efforts to repeal or weaken protections in the law for 501(c)(3) organiza-tions, including houses of worship. Sincerely, African American Ministers in Action; Af-rican Methodist Episcopal Church—Social Action Commission; Alabama Cooperative Baptist Fellowship; Alliance of Baptists; American Baptist Churches USA; American Baptist Home Mission Societies; American Friends Service Committee; American Jew-ish Committee (AJC); Anti-Defamation League; Association of Welcoming and Af-firming Baptists; B’nai B’rith International; Baptist Center for Ethics; Baptist Fellowship Northeast; Baptist General Association of Virginia; Baptist Joint Committee for Reli-gious Liberty; Baptist Peace Fellowship of North America—Bautistas por la Paz; Bap-tist Women in Ministry; Bend the Arc: A Jewish Partnership for Justice; California Council of Churches IMPACT; Catholics for Choice. Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good; Central Conference of American Rab-bis; Christian Life Commission; Christian Methodist Episcopal (CME) Church; Churchnet, a ministry of the Baptist General Convention of Missouri; Colorado Council of Churches; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship Heartland; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship Kentucky; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Arkansas; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Florida; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Georgia; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of Mis-sissippi; Cooperative Baptist Fellowship of North Carolina; Cooperative Baptist Fellow-ship of Oklahoma; Cooperative Baptist Fel-lowship of Texas; Cooperative Baptist Fel-lowship of Virginia; Cooperative Baptist Fel-lowship West; Disciples Center for Public Witness; Ecumenical Catholic Communion. Ecumenical Ministries of Oregon; The Episcopal Church; Equal Partners in Faith; Evangelical Lutheran Church in America; Evergreen Association of American Baptist Churches; Faith Action Network—Wash-ington State; Faith in Public Life; Faith Voices Arkansas; Faithful America; Florida Council of Churches; Franciscan Action Net-work; Friends Committee on National Legis-lation; Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Amer-ica; Hadassah, The Women’s Zionist Organi-zation of America, Inc.; Hindu American Foundation; Hispanic Baptist Convention of Texas; Interfaith Alliance; International So-ciety for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON); Islamic Networks Group; Islamic Society of North America. Jewish Community Relations Council, Greater Boston; Jewish Community Rela-tions Council of Greater Washington; Jewish Council for Public Affairs; The Jewish Fed-erations of North America; Jewish Women International; Kentucky Council of Church-es; Mid-Atlantic Cooperative Baptist Fellow-ship; National Advocacy Center of the Sis-ters of the Good Shepherd; National Baptist Convention of America; National Council of Churches; National Council of Jewish Women; National Sikh Campaign; NET-WORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; New Baptist Covenant; North Carolina Coun-cil of Churches; Oklahoma Conference of Churches; Pastors for Oklahoma Kids; Pas-tors for Texas Children; Pax Christi, Mont-gomery County, MD chapters; Pennsylvania Council of Churches. Presbyterian Church (USA), Washington Office of Public Witness; Progressive Na-tional Baptist Convention; Reconstructionist Rabbinical Assembly; Religions for Peace USA; Religious Institute; Rhode Island State Council of Churches; Seventh-day Adventist Church in North America; South Carolina Christian Action Council; South Dakota Faith in Public Life; T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights; Tennessee Coopera-tive Baptist Fellowship; Texas Baptists Com-mitted; Texas Faith Network; Texas Impact; Union for Reform Judaism; Unitarian Uni-versalist Association; Unitarian Universalist Service Committee; Unitarian Universalists for Social Justice; United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries; The United Methodist Church, General Board of Church and Society; Virginia Council of Churches; Women of Reform Judaism; Women’s Alli-ance for Theology, Ethics and Ritual (WATER). 
AMERICANS UNITED FOR SEPARATION  
OFCHURCH AND STATE , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Re Oppose Section 5201 of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which Exempts Houses of Wor-ship from the Johnson Amendment. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Ways and Means Com-mittee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BERNEAL: On behalf of Americans United for Separation of Church and State, we urge you to strip Section 5201 from H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This provision would ex-empt houses of worship from the Johnson Amendment, which is the six-decades-old law that ensures tax-exempt organizations—in-cluding houses of worship, charitable non-profits, and foundations—do not endorse or oppose political candidates. We join 103 reli-gious and denomination organizations, more than 4,200 faith leaders, and 5,500 nonprofits organizations, in urging Members of Con-gress to reject efforts, like the one in Sec-tion 5201, to weaken or repeal the Johnson Amendment. Tax-exempt charities and houses of wor-ship are granted special 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status because they work for the common good, not so they can support political can-didates. Current law protects their right to speak out about political and social issues while, at the same time, ensuring they are not pressured by political candidates and campaigns seeking their own political gain. Indeed, under current law, tax-exempt houses of worship and the faith leaders who represent them can speak to any issue or piece of legislation they choose. And faith leaders can endorse candidates in their per-sonal capacity. Exempting houses of worship from the law would threaten their independence and in-tegrity and open them up to pressure from political candidates, donors, and congregants who want to use them for their own political gain. Furthermore, Section 5201 singles out houses of worship for special treatment, vio-lating the Constitution. 
SECTION 5201 EXEMPTS HOUSES OF WORSHIP  
FROM THE JOHNSON AMENDMENT  Section 5201 allows houses of worship to endorse candidates so long the endorsement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.040 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9399 November 16, 2017 
is made during a religious service or gath-ering, is made in the ordinary course of their tax-exempt purpose, and does not incur more than a de minimis incremental expense. This would, in effect, exempt houses of worship from the Johnson Amendment. The impact of even just one endorsement from a house of worship would be powerful and could have a significant impact on an election, but this provision permits far more than merely a lone statement of support. Section 5201, for example, would allow: A pastor to preach a sermon endorsing one or more candidates. His church could then post a video of that sermon on its website, email it to parishioners, and distribute it publicly on social media. A Rabbi to endorse a candidate during the welcoming message provided to those at-tending her synagogue’s community service event. A church that is motivated by faith to pro-vide social services to the public to tell each and every person who attends its meetings to vote for a particular candidate. If such activities were allowed, the John-son Amendment would be rendered meaning-less as applied to houses of worship. The very purpose of the Johnson Amendment—to pre-vent government subsidized partisan cam-paign activity—would be allowed in every church and house of worship across the coun-try. 
SECTION 5201 WOULD REQUIRE THE IRS TO LOOK  
INTO THE INTERNAL WORKINGS OF HOUSES OF  
WORSHIP AND MAKE POLITICAL JUDGMENTS  The Johnson Amendment includes a clear rule: tax-exempt organizations, including houses of worship, cannot endorse can-didates. This bill includes a vague and unde-fined test that is subject to IRS discretion. Enforcing the law would entangle the IRS in internal church governance and require it to make judgments about religion. Section 5201 calls on the IRS to determine whether an endorsement (1) occurred during the ‘‘ordinary course’’ of the organization’s ‘‘regular and customary activities’’ in car-rying out its ‘‘tax-exempt purpose;’’ (2) whether it amounted to a ‘‘de minimis incre-mental expense,’’ and (3) whether it took place during ‘‘religious services or gath-erings.’’ To determine whether the cost of any endorsement was a ‘‘de minimis incre-mental expense,’’ the IRS would, not only have to define de minimis, but also have to investigate the house of worship’s books. And to determine whether the endorsement was part of the ‘‘regular and customary ac-tivities,’’ the IRS would have to examine the institution’s history of activities. The IRS would also have to judge whether an event is ‘‘religious’’ or not and whether the activity serves the organization’s ‘‘exempt purpose.’’ By inviting that type of scrutiny of church documents and activities, and judgments about religion, this bill actually threatens, rather than upholds, the autonomy and inde-pendence of houses of worship. 
EXEMPTING ONLY HOUSES OF WORSHIP FROM  
THE JOHNSON AMENDMENT WOULD VIOLATE  
THE CONSTITUTION  Under the religious freedom protections provided by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, the government cannot prefer or favor religion or non-religion. The Johnson Amendment applies to all 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organizations, yet Section 5201 exempts only houses of worship from the re-strictions of the Johnson Amendment. This special treatment raises serious concerns under the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment and undermines religious free-dom. CONCLUSION  For all the above reasons, we urge you to oppose the language effectively repealing the Johnson Amendment for houses of worship. Sincerely, M
AGGIE GARRETT , Legislative Director, Americans United for Separation of Church and State. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), the ranking member of the Budget Committee, and one of the most knowledgeable Mem-bers of the House. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate my friend yielding time. Mr. Speaker, this is a horror show today, this is a horror show debate, and this is a horror show process, but it is a disaster for the American people. The tax bill we are debating today will abandon millions of American families. It showers the wealthy and corporations with massive tax cuts, and it adds $1.5 trillion to our deficits. The top 1 percent get this massive pay-out in the neighborhood of $500 billion; hardworking families get pocket change. But millions don’t even get that. In fact, 36 million middle class families will pay more in taxes because of this bill. Our Republican colleagues will be taking money out of the pockets of these families to give more tax cuts to the rich. But it doesn’t stop there. It never does. This is part of a dangerous three- step process that we have seen, unfor-tunately, far too often: The first step, Republicans enact massive tax cuts for the rich, claiming they will generate enough growth to pay for themselves. I know my Repub-lican colleagues desperately want the American people to believe that this is what will happen. But the record is clear. It failed in the 1980s, and it failed in the 2000s. It was an epic failure in Kansas. This is about politics, not reality, for them, which brings us to step two. Once these cuts fail to produce the growth that they promise, Republicans will shriek about the impending doom of high deficits and debt. Then they will quickly move to step three, de-manding cuts in vital programs that benefit working families throughout our country. We have seen this act before. As I said before, it is a horror show. There is a reason why a lot of people are looking at this and saying this is the great tax scam of 2017—because it is the great tax scam of 2017. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. R
ICE), one of the key leaders of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the American Dream is what separates us from the rest of the world. It promises that, with hard work and determination, you can improve your station in life and that your children have an opportunity for a better life than yours. But for many in the gen-eration coming of age in the last dec-ade, the American Dream has been a little tarnished and just out of reach. The last time we did tax reform was 30 years ago. At that time, we were the world’s uncontested economic leader. Our economic system and Tax Code were competitive. But for decades, we have sat by as the world passed us by. In 1990, the middle class was about 50 percent of American families; today, only 40 percent. Today, the middle class makes just about the same take- home pay as it did in 1990. When we all worry about income dis-parity and the gulf between the rich and the poor in this country, this is the source of the problem. The American middle class is smaller and has not had a raise in 30 years. How could this happen? It has every-thing to do with a bloated, overregu-lating, and overtaxing Federal Govern-ment, a government that sucks the life out of the economy and forces our com-panies, our innovators, and our job cre-ators out of our country to survive. Some folks say it doesn’t matter that we have the highest business tax rate in the world. That is not why our com-panies left. They say those jobs aren’t coming back. Well, I say the outdated Tax Code is an anchor around the neck of our busi-nesses, our innovators, and the Amer-ican middle class. I say the American worker can compete with anyone on a level playing field if we just get gov-ernment off their back. Since January, we have been working to correct that. We have made dra-matic steps in reducing regulation. You can already see the economic lift. Today, we undertake a tax cut, which will restore economic growth, put more take-home pay into the pockets of hardworking Americans, and restore opportunity for a generation of Ameri-cans. It will bring American jobs back to America, which will grow our middle class and, finally, after 30 years, our middle class will get the pay raise it deserves. If you really wish to grow our econ-omy, you should vote for this bill. If you really wish to give the middle class a pay raise, you should vote for this bill. If you really wish to reduce income disparity, you should vote for this bill. If you really wish to give hope to Americans who have given up and left the workforce and wish to reduce crime and addiction in this country, you should vote for this bill. If you want America to have the eco-nomic strength to remain a force of peace and stability in the world, you should vote for this bill. And, finally, if you truly believe what Thomas Jefferson said 240 years ago, that all men are created equal and that they are entitled to pursue their own happiness, you should vote for this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.038 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9400 November 16, 2017 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this bill put forward by congressional Republicans isn’t a tax plan; it is a tax scam. Republicans are going to borrow money on the backs of working fami-lies to give a tax cut to corporations in the top 1 percent. This will increase taxes on the middle class. This will add to our Nation’s debt and pass the bill to our children. This Republican tax scam hurts sen-iors and families with long-term med-ical needs by eliminating the medical expense deduction that 9 million Amer-icans, and nearly 120,000 people in my home State of New Mexico, depend upon. Destroying the medical expense de-duction delivers a staggering blow to New Mexico families. Listen to this story sent to me by Lisa, a constituent of mine from northern New Mexico: ‘‘My husband and I are lifelong na-tive New Mexicans who grew up here, went to college here, and have opened and operate our two businesses in our home State. We are the proud parents of two wonderful children. New Mexi-co’s our home, and we’re proud to live here, contribute to our State’s econ-omy, and realize our version of the American Dream. ‘‘Like most families today, life isn’t always easy. The kids and I have medi-cally complex conditions which require expensive medications, and my hus-band and I struggle with student loan debt, housing and transportation costs, and making a good life for our family. We incur $5,000 to $7,000 in out-of-pock-et medical costs each year. Without the medical expense deductions, I am not sure we could continue to meet the demands of raising healthy, happy chil-dren while keeping our businesses going and growing. ‘‘For us, this deduction is a lifeline, and the thought of losing that lifeline means we could drown in debt. That’s not the American Dream—that’s a nightmare.’’ This is real and this is personal to people all across the country. Let’s vote this bill down today, come back, work in a bipartisan fashion, work with our ranking member, Mr. R
ICHARD  N
EAL, and come up with real tax re-form that puts American working fam-ilies first. Mr. Speaker, let’s do the right thing today and put hardworking families first with our decision today. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ), a key leader on the Tax Policy Subcommittee. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue. It is an honor for me to serve on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This is a historic opportunity to reject the status quo and provide real tax re-lief to the families, individuals, and businesses in my district. America’s Tax Code is broken. It is uncompetitive for American compa-nies, and it is unfair to American workers. The American people deserve a Tax Code that works for them, not one that works for special interests in Washington. They deserve a Tax Code that rewards their lifetime of hard work, not one that squeezes and de-pletes their savings. b1045 They deserve a Tax Code that prioritizes their goals, not penalizes their success. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act creates a Tax Code that is focused on growth, fairness, and a booming economy for everyone. The reforms in this bill level the playing field for small businesses in my district in north Texas around the DFW Airport, giving them an oppor-tunity to grow and hire more people and spend more money in our economy, and allow the hardworking taxpayers whom I represent to keep more of their paycheck and increase their family’s budget. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for allowing me to represent the views of my constituents throughout the process of the committee work. I urge my colleagues to take advantage of this very historic opportunity and vote in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. SA´NCHEZ ), a very thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1, or better known as the GOP tax scam. This bill provides tax cuts for cor-porations and multimillionaires at the expense of hardworking middle class families. Massive corporate tax cuts do not guarantee job growth or higher wages. The only thing guaranteed is the $2.3 trillion that this scam adds to the deficit. Democrats are serious about passing comprehensive tax reform that is fair and that puts a little more money in the pockets of working Americans. This fiasco of a bill is not fair. Corporations get a massive 15 percent tax cut, but what do working families get? They get nickeled and dimed. Despite student loan debts surpassing $1 trillion, this bill eliminates the stu-dent loan interest deduction, which only allows those earning $80,000 or less to claim it in the first place, squarely hurting middle class Americans who are trying to pay off debt, save for a home, or buy a new car. Teachers will no longer be able to de-duct expenses for school supplies that they purchase with their own money for their classrooms, yet corporations are able to deduct the cost of those same supplies that they purchase. Seniors and people with chronic ill-nesses would no longer be able to de-duct some of the cost of their treat-ment. At a time when many families are feeling the pressures of affording care for their children and their aging parents, this bill takes money right out of their pockets. Under this bill, 29 million households would lose their property tax deduc-tion. Eighty percent of middle class homeowners would lose, compared with just 13 percent of high-income earners. Does that sound fair? Finally, the elimination of the State and local income tax deduction dis-proportionately impacts middle-in-come families, especially those in Cali-fornia, whose residents would see an overall net tax increase of $12.1 billion. The Tax Code is a reflection of our values. The Republicans have clearly chosen who they serve—the wealthy and corporations—but I am concerned about the 36 million Americans who will see a tax increase, teachers and their students, and people with pre-existing conditions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this disaster of a bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  two letters in opposition to this bill, one from SEIU and one from the AFL– CIO. 
SEIU, Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Committee on Ways & Means, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Committee on Ways & Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY , RANKING MEMBER  N
EAL, AND MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE COM-
MITTEE ON WAYS& M EANS : On behalf of the two million members of the Service Employ-ees International Union (‘‘SEIU’’), I write to strongly oppose H.R. 1, the misleadingly named ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ H.R. 1 would double down on the same failed trickle down policies that have hurt working fami-lies for decades. Once again, major legisla-tion is being drafted behind closed doors, out of the view of the American people and with-out any input from Democratic members of Congress. It is unconscionable that elected represent-atives would mark-up and jam through a bill that significantly affects the financial secu-rity of their constituents without appro-priate time for non-partisan analysis and for all Americans to properly understand the real impacts on their everyday lives. There is no need to rush legislation of this mag-nitude through Congress due to artificial po-litical timelines. Instead, there should be an open process by which all stakeholders in-cluding working people and not just cor-porate lobbyists are able to provide input. Although this bill pretends to benefit the middle class, the tax cuts proposed under this bill would go overwhelmingly to high- income households and large corporations. And this bill would actually raise taxes for some low- and moderate-income households, while making it harder for states to fund healthcare, education, infrastructure and other investments. History has shown us that these types of tax breaks never ‘trickle down’ to working people and will result in cuts to healthcare, education and other pro-grams our communities depend on. If passed, this legislation would give millionaires and corporations a reason to celebrate but would hurt working Americans who are trying put food on the table, start their first businesses, send their children to college, or save for their retirement and buy homes. For these reasons, SEIU urges you to op-pose H.R. 1 and instead, work in a bi-partisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.029 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9401 November 16, 2017 
and transparent manner on policies that will improve the lives of working families. If you have any questions, please contact John Foti. Sincerely, J
OHNGRAY, Legislative Director. 
AFL–CIO, Washington, DC, November 14, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the AFL–CIO, I urge you to oppose the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1). H.R. 1 is not a ‘‘jobs bill,’’ it is a job killer that gives huge tax breaks to companies that outsource jobs. It is also the poster child for the failed ‘‘trick-le-down’’ economic theory that has never worked and has repeatedly stuck working people with the tab for tax giveaways for millionaires, big corporations, and Wall Street. The Republican leadership wants to pay for these giveaways with drastic cuts to Med-icaid, Medicare, education, and other pro-grams that working people depend on. The price tag of H.R. 1 is $1.5 trillion over 10 years, while the budget resolution includes $5 trillion in budget cuts, including $1.5 tril-lion from Medicaid and Medicare. H.R 1 would waste trillions of dollars on tax breaks for people who do not need them. According to the Joint Committee on Tax-ation (JCT), 45% of the tax benefits would ul-timately go to households making over $500,000 per year; 38% of the tax benefits would go to households making over $1 mil-lion; and the top 1% one percent would get an average annual tax cut of $64,720. By con-trast, households making between $20,000 and $40,000 would actually pay more in taxes. H.R. 1 would hurt working people in many ways. It would eliminate the deduction for state and local income and sales taxes, pun-ishing states that make the kind of invest-ments that create good jobs and starving communities of the funding they need for education, infrastructure, and other essen-tial public services. H.R. 1 would repeal de-ductions for student loan interest, tuition expenses, and tuition assistance and end tax credits for students to cover college ex-penses, making it harder for students and their families to afford higher education at a time when tuition prices are at an all-time high. Under this bill, corporations could still deduct their payments to lawyers to fight unions, but union members could no longer deduct union dues and educators could no longer deduct their out-of-pocket expenses. On the corporate side, H.R. 1 would give a giant tax cut to big corporations that outsource jobs. Under this bill, a business that creates jobs on Main Street USA would pay U.S. taxes on its profits at a rate of 20%, while a big corporation that outsources those same jobs to Ireland or Switzerland would pay no U.S. taxes on the profits it earns from outsourcing. Currently, the United States taxes all profits of U.S. cor-porations, whether earned in the United States or in a foreign country, at the same rate of 35% (though a corporation that earns profits in a foreign country does not have to pay U.S. taxes on those earnings until it re-patriates them to the United States). H.R. 1 changes this system so a U.S. corporation never pays any U.S. income taxes on the profits it earns from active operations in a foreign country (as opposed to domestic prof-its that the company disguises as foreign profits through the use of accounting gim-micks). Reducing the U.S. tax rate on off-shore profits from 35% to 0%—basically a subsidy to companies that outsource jobs— would cost $208 billion over 10 years. Even worse, the bill would encourage foreign coun-tries that want to attract offshore invest-ment to lower their corporate tax rate. The more foreign countries lower their corporate tax rates to attract offshore investment, the bigger the tax subsidy for offshoring this bill will provide. The GOP tax bill creates a pow-erful incentive for big companies to outsource jobs, and it is an incentive that will grow over time. With regard to past profits, the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy (ITEP) es-timates that H.R. 1 would give multinational corporations a tax windfall of $529 billion, al-lowing them to get away with paying just $223 billion of the $752 billion they owe on ac-cumulated offshore earnings. There is no economic case for discounted tax rates on profits already earned. The last time we gave companies a break on the profits they booked offshore, they used that money for executive bonuses and dividends. They did not use the money for creating new jobs, raises for workers, or investments in new factories or equipment. The top 15 companies to take advantage of the so-called ‘‘tax holi-day’’ in 2004 laid off 20,000 workers in the subsequent two years. There is no reason to believe this time will be different. JPMorgan says, ‘‘We expect little economic effect from firms repatriating funds to the U.S.’’ The AFL–CIO urges you to oppose the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1), which gives huge tax breaks to companies that outsource jobs and makes working people pay the price for tax giveaways to millionaires, big corpora-tions, and Wall Street. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM SAMUEL , Director, Government Affairs Department. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ), our chief deputy whip. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee for his hard work and ef-fort, his staff’s effort, and his com-mittee members’ effort to put this great bill on the floor today. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a vi-tally important bill. This will help all Americans’ lives for the better. The name fits for this bill as well. It truly is a tax cut for American working fam-ilies, and it creates good-paying jobs. The bill is the result of over 3 years of hard work here in the House of Rep-resentatives. It has been clear for years that our Tax Code is broken. We all agree on that. Simply put, it does not work for the vast majority of the American people. What we do is simplify the Tax Code. More Americans will be able to take a standard deduction, file on a postcard their tax return, simplifying the proc-ess. Importantly, it makes us more competitive internationally so we don’t lose jobs to overseas companies. That makes us stronger as a nation. At the same time, it helps small busi-nesses compete with those large busi-nesses, with those global businesses, and makes sure that our Main Streets are strong in America. This is a very good bill. It is a very good bill, well contemplated, and will have a great impact on working fami-lies. The bill helps families in my district in particular. The Tax Foundation says that average middle class families in my district in western North Carolina are going to see a $2,400 increase in their take-home pay. That is real money for working Americans. It is real money for North Carolinians as well. The bill also helps small businesses by reducing their tax rates and allow-ing them to create more good-paying jobs. We need that. Small businesses are the lifeblood of western North Carolina’s communities. We need them strengthened. The same Tax Foundation study esti-mates that this bill will create nearly a million new jobs nationwide, includ-ing more than 30,000 in North Carolina alone. Now, there is a great debate in this body about the approach we took on this bill. There is a fundamental dis-agreement between the two parties here. My colleagues on the left want more power, more expenditures from govern-ment, and want to take more from the American people in order to pay for that. We believe, on the Republican side of the aisle, that American families should be able to keep more of what they earn, make more decisions for themselves, empower communities, empower small businesses, make us more competitive and make us strong-er. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, to send a strong message that we in the House of Representatives have a strong tax package for the American people. I look forward to getting this bill signed into law before Christmas. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), the chairman of the Democratic Cau-cus and a great leader on the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. I have to give it to Speaker R
YANand to President Trump and all of my Re-publican colleagues. I have to give them their due. They announced ear-lier this year they would cut taxes for corporate special interests, and today they are following through on that promise. The problem is, in order to do it, they are raising taxes on middle class families. Don’t take my word for it. Listen to them. The Republicans started this process by saying that every American, every-one in America, will get a tax cut. Now they are saying, on average, people will get a tax cut, and even that is incor-rect. It is time to be honest with the American people. What we have before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.051 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9402 November 16, 2017 
us today isn’t a bill, it is a scam—a scam that will hurt homeowners in Irvine, California, in Mrs. W
ALTERS ’ district; a scam that will hurt seniors in Lancaster, New York, in Congress-man C
HRIS COLLINS ’ district; a scam that will hurt students in Toms River, New Jersey, in T
OMMACARTHUR ’s dis-trict; a scam that will hurt veterans in Barrington, Illinois, in P
ETEROSKAM ’s district; and a scam that will abso-lutely hurt the middle class in every congressional district in our country, 36 million people to be exact. In my district, a quarter of all home-owners will lose the ability to deduct their taxes, but corporate special inter-ests, they can still deduct their taxes under the GOP plan. Mr. Speaker, 20,000 students in Queens and the Bronx, in my district, will lose one of the most effective ways to pay down their student loan debt. That is right. Republicans are elimi-nating the ability to deduct the inter-est on student loan payments. This scam eliminates the assistance for small businesses to hire veterans here at home, but it continues the tax breaks to ship American jobs overseas. Yes, you heard that correctly. Repub-licans and President Trump are doling out tax breaks for companies to move overseas but will take away benefits to hire American veterans right here at home. These aren’t the values of my con-stituents, but, apparently, they are the values of Speaker R
YAN, President Trump, and the entire congressional Republican caucus. So how did we end up here? It is be-cause when the Republicans sat down to write this bill, they didn’t have the average American in mind. They had their wealthy donors and corporate friends in mind. Republicans started tax reform with this question: How do we get the corporate rate down? Demo-crats would have started with the ques-tion: How do we raise up the middle class? Republicans wrote a bill, a tax scam, that benefits people who own second and third homes, but they left behind average American homeowners. They left behind teachers, who use their own money to buy school supplies. They left average Americans behind, because they never had you in mind to begin with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New York an additional 15 seconds. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on be-half of hardworking Americans throughout this country, I say, vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1, vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1 percent. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
RADY for his efforts to get this tax reform bill done. Our outdated and uncompetitive Tax Code has led to slow economic growth over the past decade in America. Today, we are taking an important step to fix that. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will reform the Tax Code and help foster economic growth. For more than three decades, fami-lies have paid a growing cost for our country’s increasingly complex and burdensome Tax Code that is chockfull of special interest loopholes. This is not fair. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will sim-plify the process of filing taxes by dou-bling the size of the standard deduction and removing the need for millions to itemize their deductions. It will pro-vide tax cuts to millions of middle-in-come working families. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also in-cludes many tax reforms for businesses in order to spur economic growth. The bill makes it easier for entrepreneurs to start businesses, and it brings down the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent to be in line with our competitors around the world. This will help spur economic growth by encouraging businesses to move their capital and jobs back to the United States and will help lower prices for Americans, who are the ones who ultimately pay for high corporate taxes through higher prices. I’m proud that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is focused on growing the economy, bringing jobs back to Main Street, and increasing pay-checks for workers. This bill is committed to helping families because the family unit is the cornerstone of our nation. We made a promise to families that we’d deliver them tax relief— and we’re holding to it. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will fix our bureaucratic tax nightmare and puts families first again. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLY-
BURN ), the son of a preacher man, who always speaks truth to power. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. L
ARSON for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Repub-licans can dress it up and call it good names, but that will not change the fact that H.R. 1 is a scam that will be perpetrated on America’s middle-in-come families. This bill will make it harder to own a home, raise a family, and afford a postsecondary education. It should come as no surprise that President Trump wanted to call the bill: ‘‘Cut, Cut, Cut.’’ That would have been apropos. The first cut is for him and his family, the second cut is for his wealthy friends, and the third cut is for large corporations and businesses that ship jobs overseas. H.R. 1 certainly does not cut taxes for middle-income families or small businesses; in fact, it does just the op-posite. Under H.R. 1, millions of Americans, middle-income families, will pay more—500,000 of whom live in South Carolina. Middle-income families and first-time homeowners who utilize mortgage interest deductions will pay more, because the GOP scam lowers the cap, making homeownership more expensive and driving down property taxes for current homeowners. Middle-income families with children in college or recent graduates will pay more, because the GOP scam elimi-nates deductions for interest on stu-dent loans. This includes 12 million American families, 156,000 of whom are South Carolinians. b1100 Middle-income families struggling to pay costly medical bills will pay more because the GOP scam shamefully eliminates that deductibility. This in-cludes 9 million American families, and nearly 140,000 live in South Carolina. Middle-income families with children in daycare, nursery school, or aging parents will pay more because the GOP scam eliminates the deductions for de-pendent care assistance. Middle-income schoolteachers will pay more because the GOP scam elimi-nates their ability to deduct the cost of the supplies they purchase for their classrooms. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1 is an attack on middle-income families. It will subject the good people of this country to a second Great Recession and raise taxes on 36 million middle-income house-holds. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, this GOP tax scam will add $1.5 trillion to the deficit over the next 10 years and trigger mas-sive funding cuts across the govern-ment next year. Medicare will see a $25 billion-per-year cut. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ). Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to engage the gentleman from Texas in a colloquy. We should not be satisfied with the historically low economic growth rates of the past decade. This tax reform bill that creates jobs, increases paychecks, grows our economy, and increases American competitiveness can help Maryland families and businesses. The bill we are considering today has many positive elements that will ben-efit our country in many ways. How-ever, I am concerned about its impact on some of my constituents in Mary-land who pay high State and local in-come taxes. I ask you, as the Ways and Means chairman, to continue to work with me to ensure that families and job creators in my district will all be helped by this legislation. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. HARRIS. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding. The intent of our tax reform bill is to achieve tax relief for individuals at every income level in every State. I agree with the gentleman, there are still some areas where we will and can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.032 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9403 November 16, 2017 
make improvements. If the gentleman is willing to help us continue to move this process forward today, I am happy to commit to working with him to en-sure we reach a positive outcome for his constituents to reconcile our dif-ferences with the Senate. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for agreeing to work with me on this as we move forward. I will be voting for this bill today, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill to increase American competitiveness. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), the lead Democrat on the Foreign Af-fairs Committee who understands the impact of double taxation from a donor State. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, someone near and dear to me once said that the Republican Party is the party of rich men and women, and the Democratic Party is the party of working men and women. Nothing proves that more than this tax scam today. I have been around here a long time. Of all the bills I have seen, this is one of the worst bills I have ever seen on the floor of this House. It is actually a disaster. It raises taxes on the middle class and on millions of families across America. It adds trillions to the debt to give tax cuts to America’s wealthy families and corporations while strip-ping credits and deductions from mid-dle class families. What ever happened to the fiscal re-sponsibility of the Republican Party? This budget ransacks Medicare and Medicaid of $1.5 trillion, and the GOP will use the new deficits to justify fur-ther devastating Medicare and Med-icaid. Finally, it is a terrible disaster for my New York constituents who already pay their fair share of taxes. New York is a donor State, meaning that we pay more to the Federal Government than what we get in return. This will reduce or eliminate key de-ductions, such as curbing or elimi-nating deductibility of State and local taxes, mortgage interest deductions, college debt, student loans. We are a high-tax State. This is a dis-aster. Scrap this disaster. Go back to the drawing board and write a bill which is fair to middle class taxpayers. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the voice of Houston. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is not the American Dream tax plan. This is the American nightmare, a tax scam of the worst proportion. With over 8,000 of my constituents last evening on a teleconference town hall meeting, overwhelmingly they dis-agreed with a tax plan that cuts Medi-care or Medicaid to finance tax cuts, eliminates the mortgage tax deduction, so that those who are suffering from Hurricane Harvey, trying to rebuild their lives, seeking a new home cannot, in fact, deduct their mortgage. The same thing with the 200,000 Tex-ans who are going to pay more because we are eliminating the deduction for State and local taxes, and eliminating deductions for student loans, casualty losses; by next year, $25 billion in So-cial Security cuts. My seniors on the phone last night asked me about those cuts. They asked me about the medical expenses cuts for seniors. All of that is eliminated. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a sample of tele-townhall survey ques-tions and answers. 
TAXTELE-TOWNHALL SURVEY QUESTIONS AND  A
NSWERS  (1) Do you agree that a tax bill should cut tax at the expense of Medicaid and Medicare? 95 percent said no. (2) The current tax reform bill will elimi-nate the tax deduction for student loan in-terest and the lifetime learning credit. Do you support the elimination of these tax credits? 91 percent said no. (3) The current tax code allows home-owners to deduct interest on mortgages. Would you support a tax plan that includes a reduction in credit for first-time home buyers? 95 percent said no. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this plan will show no growth. The neu-tral tax policy entity said you will get no growth, no growth in wages, and you will send jobs overseas in waves. It is a tax scam and it is an American nightmare. Vote against this tax scam. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Budget Committee, I rise in strong and unyielding op-position to H.R. 1, the so-called ‘‘Tax Cut and Jobs Act,’’ which more accurately should be called the ‘‘Republican Tax Scam Act.’’ I oppose this cruel and immoral $1.7 trillion tax giveaway to wealthy corporations and the top one percent because it raises taxes on poor, working, and middle class families; ex-plodes the deficit by adding an additional $2.2 trillion over ten years; and will require an esti-mated $5.4 trillion cut in funding for the pro-grams ordinary Americans depend on for health security, educational opportunity, and economic progress. Mr. Speaker, Americans are not fooled; they know trickle-down economics has never worked, and they see right through this phony tax plan and recognize it for the scam that it is. That is why Americans reject this Repub-lican tax giveaway by an overwhelming 2:1 margin according to a poll released yesterday by Quinnipiac. Specifically, 61 percent think the Republican tax scam will benefit the wealthy the most; only 16 percent say the plan will reduce their taxes. 59 percent think it is a very bad idea to eliminate the deduction for state and local in-come taxes. Nearly half of respondents (40 percent) think it a bad idea to lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. This Republican tax plan is even more toxic to my constituents in the Eighteenth Congres-sional District of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as you may know, my con-stituents and others in Texas are still strug-gling to recover from the devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey, the worst storm ever to make landfall in the continental United States. Yet last evening, nearly 8,000 of them took time out of their busy schedules to join me in a tele-townhall to discuss the tax scheme that has been rushed to the floor for a vote by the Republican leadership in the hope of passing it before the American people learn its insid-ious details. But I have got news for them: too late. My constituents understand and let me know that they believe it is important that the United States has a tax system that is fair, balanced, smart, and provides the resources and opportunities to allow all Americans to reach their potential. And by margins exceeding 90 percent, they reject: 1. Any cuts to Medicare or Medicaid to fi-nance tax cuts for wealthy corporations and the top 1 percent; 2. Eliminating the mortgage interest deduc-tion; 3. Eliminating the deductibility of state and local taxes; 4. Eliminating existing deductions for stu-dent loan interest or making taxable college endowment funds or college fellowships ex-penses. Mr. Speaker, my constituents, and Ameri-cans across the country, oppose this unfair Republican tax giveaway because nearly half of the $1.7 trillion tax cut goes to just the top one percent. In fact, the average annual tax cut for the top one-tenth of one percent is $320,000; for the top one percent it is $62,000, and for those earning $1 million a year it is $68,000. Nearly 25 percent of the tax cut goes to households in just the top one-tenth of one percent, who make at least $5 million a year (2027). While super-wealthy corporations and indi-viduals are reaping windfalls, millions of mid-dle-class and working families will see their taxes go up: 1. 13 million households face a tax increase next year. 2. 45 million households face a tax increase in 2027. 3. 29 million households (21 percent) earn-ing less than $100,000 a year see a tax in-crease. On average, families earning up to $86,000 annually would see a $794 increase in their tax liability, a significant burden on families struggling to afford child care and balance their checkbook. It is shocking, but not surprising, that under this Republican tax scam, the total value of tax cuts for just the top one percent is more than the entire tax cut for the lower 95 percent of earners. Put another way, those earning more than $912,000 a year will get more in tax cuts than 180 million households combined. The core of this Republican tax scheme is a massive tax cut from 35 percent to 20 per-cent for corporations, but that is not the only way that the wealthy are rewarded. The massive tax cuts for corporations are permanent but temporary for working and mid-dle-class families. Another immoral aspect of this terrible tax scam is that it abandons families that face nat-ural disasters or high medical costs by repeal-ing deductions for casualty losses and medical expenses. Mr. Speaker, in what universe does it make any sense to eliminate, as this bill would, a deduction for: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.035 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9404 November 16, 2017 
1. Teachers who purchase supplies for their classroom; 2. Moving expenses to take a new job and taxes employer-provided moving expenses; or 3. Dependent care assistance, making it harder for families to afford day care, nursery school, or care for aging parents? This Republican tax scam jeopardizes American innovation and competitiveness by eliminating the deduction for student loan in-terest, which affects 12 million borrowers, and cuts total education assistance by more than $64 billion. Under the extraordinary leadership of Presi-dent Obama and the determined efforts of or-dinary Americans, we pulled our way out from under the worst of the foreclosure crisis when the housing bubble burst in 2007. Inexplicably, Republicans are now cham-pioning a tax scheme that will make the homes of average Americans less valuable because deductions for mortgage interest and property taxes are much less valuable than under current law. A tax plan that reduces home values, as this one does, puts pressure on states and towns to collect revenues they depend on to fund schools, roads, and vital public re-sources. Mr. Speaker, an estimated 2.8 million Texas households deduct state and local taxes with an average deduction of $7,823 in 2015. But this is not the end of the bad news that will be delivered were this tax scam to be-come law, not by a long shot. The proposed elimination of the personal exemption will harm millions of Texans by tak-ing away the $4,050 deduction for each tax-payer and claimed dependent; in 2015, rough-ly 9.3 million dependent exemptions were claimed in the Lone Star State. Equally terrible is that this Republican tax scam drastically reduces the Earned Income Tax Credit, which encourages work for 2.7 mil-lion low-income individuals in Texas, helping them make ends meet with an average credit of $2,689. The EITC and the Child Tax Credit lift about 1.2 million Texans, including 663,000 children, out of poverty each year. So to achieve their goal of giving more and more to the haves and the ‘‘have mores,’’ our Republican friends are willing to betray sen-iors, children, the most vulnerable and needy, and working and middle-class families. The $5.4 trillion cuts in program investments that will be required to pay for this tax give-away to wealthy corporations and individuals will fall most heavily on low-income families, students struggling to afford college, seniors, and persons with disabilities. America will not be made great by financing a $1.7 trillion tax cut for the rich by stealing $1.8 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid, abandoning seniors and families in need, de-priving students of realizing a dream to attend college without drowning in debt, or disinvesting in the working families. America will not be positioned to compete and win in the global, interconnected, and dig-ital economy by slashing funding for scientific research, the arts and humanities, job retrain-ing, and clean energy just to pay for a tax cut to corporations and individuals who do not even need it. Mr. Speaker, the tax scheme presented here by Republicans is not a plan but a scam that represents a betrayal of our values as a nation. This tax scam is not a revenue policy adapt-ed for the real world that real Americans live in but a fantasy resting on the monstrous be-lief that the wealthy have too little money and that poor, working, and middle-class families have too much. Our Republican friends continue to cling to the fantasy belief that their tax cuts for the rich will pay for themselves despite all precedent to the contrary and evidence that their tax scheme is projected by experts to lose be-tween $3 trillion and $7 trillion. Mr. Speaker, in evaluating the merits of a taxing system, it is not enough to subject it only to the test of fiscal responsibility. To keep faith with the nation’s past, to be fair to the nation’s present, and to safeguard the nation’s future, the plan must also pass a ‘‘moral test.’’ The Republican tax bill fails both of these standards. I strongly oppose H.R. 1, the ‘‘Republican Tax Scam Act,’’ and urge all Members to join me in voting against this reckless, cruel, and heartless proposal that will do nothing to im-prove the lives or well-being of middle and working class families, and the poor and vul-nerable ‘caught in the tentacles of cir-cumstance.’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. So I note that constituents in the 18th District of Texas, the past speak-er’s district, that average families will see a tax cut of nearly $1,000, and Texas will grow 81,000 new jobs and see higher paychecks as a result of this tax re-form bill. We are proposing a Tax Code so fair and simple, 9 out of 10 Americans will be able to file using a simple postcard system. There is a fairness and equal-ity for each American—knowing what each others’ deductions are because we have exactly the same ones. This simplicity, this fairness, these larger paychecks, this is what the Tax Cut and Jobs Act is all about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ), the leader of the Republican Con-ference. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his tremendous leadership on this impor-tant legislation this morning. I am proud to rise in support of en-acting tax reform, tax relief to mil-lions of Americans. We have been wait-ing a long time, more than 30 years. And while everything else has changed over 30 years, our Tax Code, unfortu-nately, has only gotten old, outdated, bigger, and more complicated. It has become a burden, a burden that we are going to lift. Now, there are some defenders of the status quo who think that the Tax Code is just fine. Well, that is not what the American people sent us here to do, to defend the status quo. We are here to do the big things. Our plan rewrites the Tax Code to put American families first, including families who have children with dis-abilities. For these families, who may have saved for their son’s or daughter’s college tuition, which is no longer needed, our plan carries on the legacy of the ABLE Act by allowing them to roll over from a 529 account to a 529A account, an ABLE account, to pay for things like medical bills or workforce development instead. With this bill, we are making it easi-er for everyone to reach their full po-tential. We are lifting the tax burden for everyday, hardworking Americans. An extra $1,182 for middle-income fami-lies in places likes eastern Washington could make all the difference between living paycheck to paycheck and sav-ing for retirement or making that car payment. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic mo-ment, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me on the right side of history by voting in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts. Let’s help our hardworking men and women all across this coun-try. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for a unanimous consent request. (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD The Washington Post op-ed, ‘‘The Republican tax plan’s five worst dangers,’’ by Secretary Rubin, dated November 15, 2017. 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 15, 2017] T
HEREPUBLICAN TAXPLAN’SFIVEWORST  D
ANGERS  (By Robert Rubin) The deficit-funded tax cuts advancing through Congress are a fiscal tragedy for which our country will pay a huge price over time. While the details of the tax plan re-main in flux, its fundamental contours will not change. Nor will its $1.5 trillion of deficit funding, the amount stipulated in the re-cently passed budget resolution. Perhaps it’s hopeless to expect those in Congress who have long bemoaned deficits and the debt to oppose the plan. If, however, as a matter of conscience or renewed reflec-tion they decide to take heed, here are the fiscal dangers posed by the plan. To start, the tax cuts will not increase growth and, given their fiscal effects, would likely have a significant and increasingly negative impact. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center’s latest report estimated that, over 10 years, the average increase in our growth rate would be roughly zero, counting the crowding out of private investment by in-creasing deficits but not counting other ad-verse effects of worsening our fiscal outlook. The Penn Wharton Budget Model, using the same approach, estimates virtually no in-crease in long-term growth. Goldman Sachs projects an increase of 0.1 percent to 0.2 per-cent in the first couple of years and an aver-age increase over 10 years of just 0.05 percent per year, not counting any of the adverse fis-cal effects. These estimates reflect three underlying views held by mainstream economists. First, individual tax cuts will not materially in-duce people to work more. Second, corporate tax cuts will likely have limited effect on in-vestment or decisions about where to locate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.042 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9405 November 16, 2017 
business activity, given the many other vari-ables at play. Third, deficit-funded tax cuts will have little short-term effect on growth, except perhaps for some temporary over-heating, because we are at roughly full em-ployment. With no additional revenue from increased growth to offset the tax cuts’ cost, the pub-licly held debt of the federal government would increase by $1.5 trillion. An additional danger is that the actual deficit impact would be increased by abandoning the Con-gressional Budget Office’s nonpartisan eval-uation that has been used for decades by both parties in favor of partisan calculations by those pushing the tax cuts. Adding $1.5 trillion or more to the federal debt would make an already bad situation worse. A useful measure of our fiscal posi-tion is the ratio of publicly held government debt to economic output or gross domestic product, called the debt/GDP ratio. In 2000, the debt/GDP ratio was 32 percent. The ratio is now 77 percent. Looking forward, the CBO projects the debt/GDP ratio to be 91 percent in 2027 and 150 percent in 2047. After $1.5 tril-lion of deficit-funded tax cuts, those future ratios have been estimated to increase to roughly 97 percent in 2027 and 160 percent in 2047. These estimates likely substantially understate the worsening of our fiscal trajec-tory. That’s because they do not account for the increasingly adverse effect on growth of the difficult-to-quantify effects of fiscal de-terioration. Exacerbating our already unsustainable fiscal trajectory with these tax cuts would threaten growth in five respects. These are highly likely to be substantial and to in-crease over time. First, business confidence would likely be negatively affected by creating uncertainty about future policy and heightening concern about our political system’s ability to meet our economic policy challenges. Second, our country’s resilience to deal with inevitable future economic and geo-political emergencies, including the effects of climate change, would continue to de-cline. Third, funds available for public invest-ment, national security and defense spend-ing—a professed concern of many tax-cut proponents—would continue to decline as debt rises, because of rising interest costs and the increased risk of borrowing to fund government activities. Fourth, Treasury bond interest rates would be highly likely to increase over time be-cause of increased demand for the supply of savings and increased concern about future imbalances. That, in turn, would raise pri-vate-sector interest rates, which could also increase due to widening spreads vs. Treas-uries, further reflecting increased concern about future conditions. And even a limited increase in the debt/GDP ratio could focus attention on our fiscal trajectory’s long-ig-nored risks and trigger outsize increases in Treasury and private-sector interest rates. The ability to borrow in our own currency, and to print it through the Federal Reserve, may diminish these risks for a while, as might capital inflows from abroad. But these mitigating factors have their limits; at some point, unsound fiscal conditions almost sure-ly would undermine our currency and debt markets. Finally, at some unpredictable point, fiscal conditions—and these market dynamics— would likely be seen as sufficiently serious to cause severe market and economic desta-bilization. We have an imperative need to address our unsustainable longer-term fiscal trajectory with sound economic policies. Few elected officials want to face this fact, but, at the very least, they should not make matters worse. We can only hope that responsible elected officials will prevent this irrespon-sible tax plan from being adopted. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 1 is postponed. When debate resumes, the time re-maining will be 17 minutes for the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and 12
1⁄2minutes for the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 1545. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose cer-tain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3949. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approving agencies for multi-State ap-prenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4374. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical prod-ucts to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 807. An act to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 10 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1230 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 12 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1) to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, will now re-sume. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. When proceedings were postponed earlier today, 29
1⁄2minutes of debate remained on the bill. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) has 17 minutes remaining and, without objection, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) has 121⁄2min-utes remaining. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, Congress established Alaska Native Settlement Trusts in 1988 to provide permanent health, education, and wel-fare benefits to Alaska Natives, who are among the most economically dis-advantaged populations in the United States. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the Tax Code has, in many cases, impeded the creation and funding of Alaska Native Settlement Trusts. As a result, Alaska Native Settlement Trusts have not been able to function in the manner Congress originally intended to provide benefits for Alaska Natives. To remedy some of these tax issues, I have spon-sored H.R. 3524, which permits an Alas-ka Native corporation to deduct con-tributions to their settlement trust. The provisions of H.R. 3524 were not included in H.R. 1, and the tax bill also adversely increases Alaska Native Set-tlement Trust tax rates from 10 per-cent to 12 percent. This would make it more difficult for Alaska Native Set-tlement Trusts to provide long-term benefits to Alaska Natives. Mr. Speaker, I request that the provi-sions of H.R. 3524 be included in the final conference report that results from the conference committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to work with the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) on this im-portant issue for the Alaska Native community. Under the tax bill, Alaska Native Settlement Trusts would be un-intentionally subject to a higher tax rate. I thank him for bringing this to my intention. I assure him that I will focus on this in conference as we finalize in-dividual rate structures between the House and the Senate. I also look for-ward to working with him to advance the provisions of his bill in this impor-tant area. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for those remarks. He has been great to work with. His staff has been outstanding. I thank him for his commitment to working on the inclusion of H.R. 3524 and maintaining existing rates in law with regard to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts, and, more generally, for his support of the Alaska Native community. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, as we wind down this debate on tax reform or, what we should really call it, tax cut, I think that we should tabulate this as a missed opportunity. This could have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.045 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9406 November 16, 2017 
been done between the two parties. In-stead, much of this was constructed without any Democratic input. Reminder: In 1986, the historic Tax Reform Act included President Reagan and Speaker O’Neill, Chairman Rosten-kowski, Dick Gephardt, and Bill Brad-ley. In this instance here, 32 years later, not one hearing was held on this tax bill that is about to be voted on in the next 45 minutes. The significance of that is that there was never any back-and-forth, and in 1986, expert testimony was sought from 450 witnesses. We had not one witness who commented on the legislation. It has been advertised as a middle class tax cut. Wait until you get the bill. How can you say that this is a middle class tax cut and compare that to repeal of the estate tax? How many middle class people in America pay the estate tax? That is how many people pay the es-tate tax. No middle class American pays the estate tax. There is no such thing as a death tax, in addition to which a middle class tax cut is de-scribed as doing away with the alter-native minimum tax. 4.5 million fami-lies pay an alternative minimum tax in America. That is it. I fixed the problem years ago for the middle class, and 27 million people stopped paying AMT. So now we are down to people at the very top. So how are we paying for this? Or how are they paying for it, better, be-cause they are not going to get much help on this side? Well, they decided that that teacher who used to have $250, that they could deduct on their income taxes, that is going to be abolished. So if you have Alzheimer’s and you exceed the 10 percent number in terms of cost in your healthcare for caring for that loved one at home who is sick or has dementia, that is how they are going to pay for the tax cut. They are going to take that away. State and local property taxes, they are going to take that away—the de-duction. They are going to pare back the mortgage interest tax deduction. All of this advertised on the basis of a middle class tax cut? People at the bottom end are not going to get much from this tax cut. I want to take you back again, as I have repeatedly, because I have cast three great votes in this House during my 29 years: against the Iraq war, and there weren’t many of us; against the cuts in 2001; and against the tax system in 2003; all advertised as progrowth eco-nomics. There was no economic growth in the tax cuts of 2001, which totaled, by the way, $1.3 trillion. For people who said at the time, ‘‘everybody gets a tax cut,’’ they were correct. Then you looked at the distribution tables to see what people got at the top and then what people got at the bottom. Then we came back in 2003 and cut another trillion dollars in taxes—advertises progrowth economics—zippo growth oc-curred. Then, by the way, the granddaddy of them all: How about repatriation. Re-patriation, bringing back those earn-ings to the United States for invest-ment in job growth, at, by the way, 5
1⁄4 was the tax burden they carried, all based on job growth. It was for stock buybacks, dividends, and layoffs. We had a chance here to do some-thing historic. We had a chance here in this debate and discussion because there is a genuine affability on that committee. We had this opportunity to take the Tax Code and transform it for the gig economy in the modern age. We didn’t do that, though. Four days we had to examine this tax proposal with no hearings. Not one chance for a Democratic amendment to proceed. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this historic legislation before us today represents a crucial step to fulfilling our tax reform prom-ise to the American people, but it is not the final step. We are Republicans. We believe the Tax Code doesn’t belong to Washington. It belongs to the Amer-ican people. We will continue to work to make it better and improve at every step of the way. Before I make final remarks, I want to thank all of our Ways and Means Committee members who have done so much and worked so hard, as well as every Member of this House who helped make this opportunity real for the American people. I also want to say how grateful I am to everyone at the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation and the House Office of the Legislative Counsel. Their careful analysis contributed so much to this bill. Finally, I want to give special rec-ognition to Barbara Angus, the chief tax counsel on the Ways and Means Committee, and all of our staff on the committee, who put their hearts and their souls and many sleepiness nights in the development of this bill. I can’t thank them enough for their hard work and dedication. Mr. Speaker, the House of Represent-atives is, by its very design, the Cham-ber of Congress closest to the American people. Today, this House—the people’s House—will pass historic legislation to improve the lives of Americans nation-wide. For too long, this broken Tax Code has put the needs of the people second, propping up Washington’s special inter-ests at the expense of hardworking Americans. For too long, this broken Tax Code has rewarded companies for outsourc-ing American jobs instead of encour-aging them to create jobs here at home. For too long, this broken Tax Code has eroded America’s economic leader-ship around the world. This country used to be the standard- bearer worldwide for competitive tax systems. Not anymore. Now the United States is barely a spec in the rearview mirrors of so many of our international competitors. In our businesses, our workers, our Made in America products, which are the best in the world, are bearing the consequences of Washington’s failure to act. That stops now, and it stops with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With this historic bill, we will pro-vide real simplicity for every taxpayer, we will deliver real fairness to every hardworking American, we will be more competitive than ever, we will win worldwide and here at home, and we will see better jobs and bigger pay-checks in every community of this great Nation so people can keep more of their hard-earned dollars. With this bill, we will deliver a new Tax Code built for a new era of Amer-ican prosperity. So to Washington’s special interests, who are now being propped up by ab-surd carve-outs and loopholes, get ready to stand on your own. To our international competitors, who are now leading the pack, get ready to have some company. To the American people, who have waited years for tax reform, get ready for the tax relief you deserve. Today, this House—the people’s House—is taking action on the most transformational tax overhaul in a generation, and we are taking action today. It is time for this old, broken Tax Code to go. It is time to put the American people first. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 2
1⁄2minutes. Mr. Speaker, let me acknowledge the support of the Democratic staff that are here as well: Kara Getz, Karen McAfee, Aruna Kalyanam, Peg McGlinch, Deva Kyle, Ji Prichard, and Suzanne Walsh. They did a magnificent job as well, and we are much dependent on the good staff work, particularly, on the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, I spoke earlier of the missed opportunity that we have here. We have a real problem in America with labor participation rates. Six mil-lion jobs go unanswered every day now in America, 18,000 precision manufac-turing jobs in New England, and 1 mil-lion tech jobs, because skill sets don’t align with the job opportunities that are out there. Two million Americans sit home with opioid addictions who should be in the workforce. This was a chance to in-vest in human capital as well, to invest in our community colleges, to invest in apprenticeship programs. Yes, the other challenge that we have in Amer-ica is, clearly, to invest in vocational education for many of the jobs that are available. Instead, we pushed that off to the side and decided that, once again, if we just had tax cuts, all of these chal-lenges and problems would go away. The idea of investing in the human side of American opportunity is then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.042 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9407 November 16, 2017 
people do what we would like them to do in terms of home buying, raising families, caring for neighborhoods, and practicing the art form of citizenship. Once again, what we are witnessing today—and we need to be alarmed about it—is the greater and greater conservation of wealth in America. Now, I understand it is complicated. It has to do much with technology and globalization, but it is also about the gig economy, and we, today, reward capital more than we reward labor. When we get done, if they are suc-cessful on the other side, we are going to further concentrate wealth amongst those few families in America. We serve here in the House of Representa-tives, not in the House of Lords. This is not about peerage, where you are enti-tled to a seat in this House of Rep-resentatives. That is what is wrong. That is what Jefferson and Madison en-visioned when they signed those bonds of the Declaration of Independence and the American Constitution to break with Europe. We don’t practice divine right here. I wish the outcome here today, Mr. Speaker, would have been more gen-uine and it would have been different. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), our majority whip and a tremendous leader on tax reform. b1245 Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague from Texas. Chairman B
RADY has done an incredible job at bringing this Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to the House floor. Today is an historic day, Mr. Speak-er. For families who for so long have been calling out saying that they want to pay less in taxes, we answer that call today, Mr. Speaker. When you have heard the complaints, as I and so many others have every time we see a company move more jobs overseas, good, high-paying jobs over-seas because America has the highest tax rate in the industrialized world, we finally do something about that today, Mr. Speaker, by cutting the corporate rate so that we can be competitive again and so that we can bring those jobs back home. Let’s talk about something else that is going to be a benefit to hardworking families in this bill, Mr. Speaker. We finally simplify the Tax Code in a way that over 90 percent of American fami-lies will actually be able to do their taxes on a postcard. Just think of how much that is going to save for people who have to pay to have their taxes done because the Code is so com-plicated and has become so massive that nobody can figure it out. We sim-plify the Code. Let’s go through those things. We lower tax rates. Everybody is going to see lower tax rates at every income level. We double the standard deduction from $12,000 to $24,000 that every family can take advantage of now. That dou-bled standard deduction is going to be a big win for hardworking families that are struggling. We eliminate special interest loop-holes, Mr. Speaker. You might hear a lot of complaints out there from people who have been able to get their little piece of the Tax Code. The problem is, every time somebody gets a special in-terest loophole, it costs the rest of us. Now we get rid of those loopholes so that everybody can pay less in taxes. That is a big win for hardworking fami-lies. Mr. Speaker, in our bill, we com-pletely repeal the death tax, probably one of the most immoral parts of our Code, where small businesses, family farms, if their loved one dies, the first thing they are thinking is grieving for their loved one, but immediately after, they get a big tax bill from the Federal Government that, in many cases, forces them to sell their small business instead of passing it on to their family. That is part of the American Dream. They pay taxes on it. We repeal the death tax. We deliver a much fairer Code, Mr. Speaker. Again, what this bill is about is finally putting more money in the pockets of hardworking families. It is about getting our economy moving again and creating jobs. Families recognize when they see the highest corporate tax rate in the indus-trialized world, tens of thousands of jobs going to countries like Ireland and Canada. I love Ireland and I love Can-ada. I just don’t want them to have tens of thousands of our good jobs. Let’s bring those jobs back. In our bill, we do that, Mr. Speaker. This bill is a win for hardworking families. This puts money back in the pockets of people who have been strug-gling so long, and it allows the eco-nomic growth that is going to see wages finally increase. After 10 years of a stagnant economy, it is about time we finally answer the call that millions of Americans have been asking us to do for so long, Mr. Speaker. Let’s pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and get our economy moving again. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), a very capable legis-lator, the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. This is the most irresponsible bill that I will have been confronted with in the 37 years that I have been in the Congress of the United States. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is both reck-less and feckless. It is reckless because it would add more than $1.7 trillion— the chairman says over $2 trillion—to the debt over a decade in a shameful act of hypocrisy for its supporters who, for years, have called for fiscal respon-sibility. It is feckless because its au-thors write it with an eye toward poli-tics, not policy. There is no courage in voting for this bill. It is easy to vote for a tax cut. What is hard to do is paying for what we buy. Neither side does that particu-larly well. There is no courage in voting for this bill, only a suspension of common sense and their now abandoned com-mitment to fiscal sustainability. Furthermore, my Republican friends call this bill a tax cut. The gentleman who just spoke, the whip, said it is a reduction in rates, but 36 million work-ing Americans will receive a tax in-crease under this bill. It was a very careful articulation of reduction of rates, but taxes for 36 million Ameri-cans, working Americans, will go up. Furthermore, they call this bill a tax cut. It is not a stretch of the imagina-tion to presume that, given Repub-licans’ urgency to reject bipartisan compromise and deflect public input, the Members of this House will be asked to accept whatever version of the tax bill can pass the United States Sen-ate. Yesterday, the Senate Finance Com-mittee rejected this bill 36–0. The Sen-ate Finance Committee, headed by Re-publicans, rejected this bill 36–0. I am reminded of what Representa-tive MATT GAETZ , a Republican, said last month about the budget resolution that teed up this tax plan. He said that we were being ‘‘asked to vote for a budget that nobody believes in so that we have the chance to vote for a tax bill that nobody’s read.’’ Mr. Speaker, I won’t ask anyone to raise their hand if they have read this bill. One hand. Those who take this vote will have to live with it and just hope that what-ever mystery tax package their Senate colleagues send over here won’t gut whatever concessions they have ex-tracted I heard the whip say no special provi-sions in this bill. I don’t have the time to go through every special provision that has been used to get people to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, this isn’t the tax reform the American people were promised or the tax reform the American people want. Mr. Speaker, let’s sit down together. Let’s sit down together, the chairman and Mr. N
EAL, two responsible, good Americans, sit down together not in a partisan way, but in a bipartisan way. That is the way we did the 1986 bill. That is why it was such a responsible piece of legislation. Let’s enact tax reform that focuses on the working class, the middle class, the people who need the money, not give over half of it to the richest people in America. I don’t have any beef with them, we would all like to be rich, but they don’t need a tax cut, and the mid-dle class does. Why give 50 percent of the revenue to them? Let’s enact tax reform that focuses on the middle class. Let’s enact tax re-form that doesn’t give half the benefit to those making more than $900,000 a year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\H16NO7.REC H16NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9408 November 16, 2017 
Let’s enact tax reform that improves our long-term fiscal position rather than adding the $1.7 trillion to our debt that the CBO projects that this bill would add. As former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin pointed out in an op-ed in to-day’s Washington Post—and, by the way, he was the Secretary of the Treas-ury during the only 4 years of balanced budgets that we have experienced in the last 50 years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HOYER. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Look to your souls, not your polls or your political accounts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HOYER. Reject this sellout of America’s future. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. The gentleman is no longer recog-nized. Mr. HOYER. * * *. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), our major-ity leader and a champion for tax re-form. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to thank the gentleman. I want to thank him for all those Americans out there who have waited decades for this, for the hours that he has listened, for the numerous hearings he has gone through to get us to this day. Mr. Speaker, I stand before this body, but I want to speak to the people watching us at home right now and who will hear us in the hours and days to come. I want to speak to the people who stretch their budgets to get to the next paycheck. I want to speak to the people who are starting to wonder if the American promise no longer ap-plies to them. You need a comeback. America needs a comeback. If we are successful today and in the weeks to come, you will keep more of the money that you earned. You will have more in your paycheck. Your life will improve. If we succeed, you will succeed, but if the leaders and obstruc-tionists on the other side of the aisle win, you will lose. You see, they want Washington insiders and bureaucrats to keep more of your hard-earned in-come. They think it is theirs to spend. We think it is yours. Now, I have tried my best to under-stand their opposition, and I have lis-tened to the pessimistic leaders of a party that once upon a time claimed they stood for the common man. Without a shred of evidence, they are certain our plan won’t work. They drum up a stale argument from 30 years ago, saying all this bill does is help the rich. They call it a middle class tax hike. That same paper our colleague just held also has fact checkers, but the fact checkers gave them not one, not two, not even three, but the most Pinocchios you can give, four, for that lie. Every honest person sees this as a tax cut for hardworking Americans. This bill increases the child tax credit, increases the standard deduction, in-creases wages, and is already bringing back jobs to America. The fact is the first $55,000 an aver-age family of four earns will not face a single penny of income tax, not a sin-gle penny. So what are these party leaders de-fending by their opposition? It is not the people. After all, there is not a single person I have ever met in this Nation who wants higher rates, lower wages, fewer jobs, and a more complicated Tax Code. No, they aren’t defending the people. They are defending loopholes for the special interests, corporate welfare, and carve-outs for lobbyists. They are defending the abusive tactics of the status quo at the IRS. You know what I find most absurd? They are defending the reckless tax- and-spend policies of broken States across this country. They have made it their mission to increase taxes on our fellow citizens. My friends on the other side of the aisle have the audacity to call this a tax increase. In the end, they are defending a broken status quo. You know what I think, Mr. Speaker? I think that voting ‘‘no’’ on a plan with lower taxes, higher wages, more jobs, and a simpler system, that isn’t about Republicans and Democrats. Voting ‘‘no’’ is telling the American people you do not have faith in them to rise if they are given a fair shot. Mr. Speaker, I have a simple question for this House and for everyone who is watching at home: Do you want higher taxes and less money in your pockets or do you want lower taxes and more money? I think we have sent a message to the doubters and the critics. The American people do not want hard work to be punished. We do not accept decline. We do not accept that Washington knows how to spend our money better than we do. I have a different message for the American people: To those trying to find a job, that long search is coming to an end. This is your comeback. To those sick of just getting by and fighting for a raise, this is your come-back. To those struggling to keep your small business afloat, to pay your em-ployees, to help your neighborhood, this is your comeback. b1300 To every American who ever dreamed of being an entrepreneur and owning a small business, this is your comeback. To every mother and father starting a family, raising your kids, and trying to give them more of an opportunity than you ever had, this is your come-back. Now, I put hope in the American peo-ple. This bill puts hope in our Amer-ican people because we trust the peo-ple. That is the start of America’s comeback. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair reminds all Members to address their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. PELOSI ), the very capable Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and thank him for his superb leadership as the top Democrat on the Ways and Means Com-mittee. I commend him, and all of our fellow Democrats on the committee, for standing up for the middle class in our country and fighting for the truth and what is in this bill. Mr. Speaker, this vote today is a de-fining moment for our country. Our votes today will decide the future of the American middle class and those who aspire to it, the future of our chil-dren and our grandchildren, and the fu-ture of the United States of America as the land of opportunity. Today, Republicans have brought forth a bill that is pillaging the middle class to pad the pockets of the wealthi-est and hand tax breaks to corpora-tions shipping jobs out of America and drastically increasing the national debt. The bill Republicans have brought to the floor today is not tax reform. It is not even a tax cut. It is a tax scam. So many people have written in about it who are affected by it, and I will sub-mit all of that for the R
ECORD , but I do want to say that this is not only a de-fining moment, it is a moment of truth. With straight faces and with the speed of light—I have to give them credit; they raced this thing through in the dark of night—they are trying to sell a bill of goods to the middle class that this is in their interest, that this is a middle-income tax cut. According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, Republicans are raising taxes on 36 million middle class fami-lies. I associate myself with the very won-derful comments of our distinguished House Democratic whip, Mr. H
OYER , es-pecially at the end when he said: ‘‘Look to your souls, not to your polls.’’ I want to speak to Pope Benedict, his encyclical, God is love. It was his first encyclical as pope, and in that encyc-lical, Pope Benedict quoted the wisdom of St. Augustine. Seventeen centuries ago, St. Augus-tine said: ‘‘A state which is not gov-erned according to justice would be just a bunch of thieves.’’ Benedict went on to say: ‘‘The state must inevitably face the question of how justice can be achieved here and now.’’ And he cautioned against the ‘‘danger of certain ethical blindness caused by the dazzling effect of power and special interests.’’ Interesting, in light of the fact that when this bill is brought forward, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.046 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9409 November 16, 2017 
Director of the National Economic Council, Gary Cohn, said: ‘‘The most excited group out there are the big CEOs, about our tax plan.’’ Is that about justice? Congressman C
HRIS COLLINS said: ‘‘My donors are basically saying, get it done or don’t ever call me again.’’ Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM said: ‘‘The financial contributions will stop’’ if this tax scam fails. Well, he didn’t say scam. I am saying scam. That is my word. Back to the Pope and the Catholic bishops. The U.S. Conference of Catho-lic Bishops wrote: ‘‘ . . . this proposal appears to be the first Federal income tax modification in American history that will raise income taxes on the working poor while simultaneously providing a large tax cut to the wealthy.’’ The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops went on to say: ‘‘This is simply unconscionable.’’ We always begin our session with prayer, and many of us attend mass on the weekend, on Sundays. But we can-not pray and think that that gives us a lesson to prey on people the rest of the week; and that is what this bill does. It preys on the middle class and those as-piring to it. It pillages and loots the middle class. It is a shameful piece of legislation, and the Republicans should know better. They say it is going to get better in the Senate. Oh my gosh. In the Senate, as Mr. H
OYER pointed out, unani-mously, the Senate Finance Com-mittee rejected this proposal already. Was it 26–0? Whatever the number was, the zero loomed large. But getting back to values, because that is what we are here to do, and what we do in our budget, which the tax bill is a part of. It is supposed to be a statement of values. In his study of civilization, the great British historian, Arnold Toynbee, found that, at the beginning of a hope-ful country, the political leadership formed a creative minority that in-spired and led the flowering of civiliza-tion. But in some nations, leaders be-came a dominant minority of ‘‘exploit-ers, focused on their own wealth and power. Arnold Toynbee, welcome to the Re-publican side of the aisle and Congress. These competing mindsets, he went on, between the dominant minority of exploiters versus the creative minority that inspired and led the flowering of civilization, these competing mindsets and motivations create schisms in the body social and schisms in the soul of the body politic. And lo and behold, the Republican Party has written a bill, nearly half of the benefits go to the top 1 percent— top 1 percent in our country—and 80 percent of the benefits go to the top 2 percent. This is a defining moment, but it is also a moment of truth. How can the Republicans, with a straight face, say to the middle class: Well, we are doubling this or doubling that? Give with one hand, take with another. And to hear them cheer, hear them cheer for the provision in here about the estate tax? Listen to this. You tell me if you think this is fair. 1,800 families in America—not your family farmer. Everybody is taken care of in what we have done already with the estate tax. In this bill, 1,800 of the wealthiest families, the filers in our country, will, in the life of the bill, get the break of $172 billion; 1,800 families. This is for 1,800 families. And you know what? The Repub-licans cheered that; 1,800 families are going to get $172 billion. They cheer the fact that up to $1.5 trillion in tax cuts goes to corporate America, while, at the same time, giv-ing them another tax break to send jobs overseas; at the same time, absolv-ing them of any responsibility when it comes to State and local taxes; while insisting that individuals lose the State and local tax deduction, but cor-porations do not. And listen to all of it. Were they cheering when they are saying to a teacher—hear their cheering when they say to a teacher: You may bring sup-plies to your school because your school and classes need that? God bless you for that. But we are taking away the tax deduction that goes with that. What? Is that something to cheer about? They are saying to students who get a $2,500 tax deduction on interest on student loans: Forget about that. Even though it may make the difference be-tween your attending college or not, forget about that. We are too busy giv-ing a tax cut to the 1,800 wealthiest families in America so they can get $172 billion in tax breaks over the next 10 years. They are saying to families, whether they have a child with a disability, a senior with Alzheimer’s, and every-thing in between: If you have extraor-dinary medical expenses, and, since 1944, you have been able to deduct them, no more. No more, because we have got to give it to the high end. So take that away. Do you have any idea what that means to America’s working families, and what it means for them if they have Alzheimer’s? We had one person come to our event in San Francisco last week from B
AR-
BARA LEE’s district. She said there was over $170,000 in costs for her because her husband has Alzheimer’s. The tax deduction enabled them to survive. She said: I can’t even imagine the cruelty that decided that this should happen in this tax bill. So understand what this means in people’s lives, and tell the truth about it. Tell the truth about it. Republicans want you to believe that their trickle-down tax break for the rich will pay for itself. Never has hap-pened. As Bruce Bartlett, architect of Jack Kemp’s supply-side economics said, ‘‘It is not true,’’ that this trickle-down ec-onomics pays for itself. ‘‘It is not true. It is nonsense.’’ And he went on to say it was ‘‘BS,’’ in the full extent of those words. This tax scam won’t create jobs. It won’t raise wages. It will only fill the coffers of the donors and the fat cats. The GOP tax scam will add trillions to the debt and stick our children with a bill that you cannot pay off. And none of us will probably be around by the time the full impact of the hemorrhaging of the debt in the second 10 years of this bill will require big tax increases. Look to the Kansas example. As I like to say to the Caucus, Mr. Speaker, maybe I have to use my mother-of-five voice to be heard. But as a mother of five and a grandmother of nine, we are supposed to be thinking about our children and their futures, and our grandchildren and their fu-tures. God willing, one day some of you will have grandchildren. I always ask the question: Do they breathe air? Do they drink water? Why are you messing that up in other areas of our policymaking here? But getting back to this. The tax scam won’t create jobs. It won’t raise wages. As I said: It will only fill the coffers of donors and the fat cats. This GOP tax scam will add trillions to the debt. Oh where, oh where are the deficit hawks? Have you become ex-tinct? Is there not one among you who understands what this does to the na-tional debt? And with all due respect to your leader, for him to put at our doorstep the debt, when it was a creation— President Bush went into office on a path from President Clinton of deficit reduction. The last five Clinton budg-ets were in balance or in surplus. Presi-dent Bush turned that around by re-pealing pay-as-you-go. Tax cuts for the wealthy didn’t trickle down. Two un-paid-for wars, giveaways to PHARMA, the pharmaceutical industry, taking us to a place—remember September of 2008, when we were in the worst eco-nomic downturn since the Great De-pression? But anyway, back to here. As Repub-licans know, our Republican friends have already shown us their playbook. In this bill, corporations will get a cut of $1.5 trillion—the same $1.5 trillion that Republicans plan to slash from Medicare and Medicaid in the GOP budget. In their bones, the American people know they are getting a raw deal under the Republican bill before us. You know it. You know why you are here. You know what you are doing. Democrats believe the American peo-ple deserve better, a better deal, better jobs, better wages, better future. We want to create good-paying jobs, raise workers’ wages, lower the cost of living for families, give Americans the tools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.047 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9410 November 16, 2017 
they need to succeed in the 21st cen-tury. But you can’t do that if you have a budget that does not invest in that future and is hampered by the cuts. b1315 Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s write a bipartisan bill that raises wages, creates jobs, promotes growth, and reduces the deficit. To get to that place, we want to go to the table in a bipartisan way. What are you afraid of? In a bipartisan way, let’s put together a tax bill that is good for the American people instead of one that does vio-lence to the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘no’’ and to demand a better bill for America’s working families. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops’ fabulous statement about this tax bill. 
UNITED STATES CONFERENCE OF  C
ATHOLIC BISHOPS , Washington, DC, November 9, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : Decisions about taxation involve fundamental concerns of ‘‘justice and equity’’, with the goal of taxes and public spending ‘‘becoming an instru-ment of development and solidarity’’ (Mater et Magistra, 132; Compendium of the Social Doctrine of the Church, no. 355). On October 27, the USCCB offered six moral principles to guide debate on tax reform, centered on care for the poor and concern for families. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 contains many fundamental structural flaws that must be corrected. As currently written, the proposal is unacceptable. Care for the Poor. Doubling the standard deduction will help some of those in poverty to avoid tax liability, and this is a positive good contained in the bill. However, as writ-ten, this proposal appears to be the first fed-eral income tax modification in American history that will raise income taxes on the working poor while simultaneously pro-viding a large tax cut to the wealthy. This is simply unconscionable. The nonpartisan con-gressional Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) indicates that by 2023 this tax plan will raise taxes on average tax payers mak-ing between $20,000 and $40,000 per year. Taxes for this group will be raised again in 2025, and again in 2027. Taxes will also in-crease on average taxpayers earning between $10,000 and $20,000 in 2025. The federal poverty line is $12,228 for one person, and $24,339 for a two-parent family with two children. Near-ly one in three Americans live in a family with income below 200% of the poverty line. Meanwhile, average taxpayers who make over $1 million experience dramatic tax cuts for the same periods. No tax reform proposal is acceptable that increases taxes for those living in poverty to help pay for benefits to wealthy citizens. Several other tax provisions that assist the working poor and others who may struggle economically are also eliminated, including: the Work Opportunity Tax Credit, which incentivizes hiring of the disabled, veterans, those who have been unemployed for long pe-riods, and individuals receiving federal pov-erty-related assistance; the tax deductions to reduce the burdens of tuition and student loans; the income tax credit to persons who retire on disability; the deduction for state and local income and sales taxes, which may impact people in higher tax states; the tax deduction for employee business expenses; and tax incentives to employers and employees to help with moving expenses for a new job. Strengthening Families. Society, in Pope Francis’ words, is in ‘‘debt’’ to the family. The family is the most important institution in society because education, formation, and care for the human person, especially chil-dren, take place more in the family than anywhere else. Expanded access to schools of choice is a positive step in this legislation, and we would encourage Congress to go even further by empowering more parents in di-recting their child’s education. We also ap-preciate that the legislation recognizes un-born children as eligible beneficiaries for parents’ 529 education savings account con-tributions. However, this tax plan places new and un-reasonable burdens on families, especially those who welcome life or experience serious hardships: It removes the adoption tax credit which provides important and life-affirming assist-ance for families to adopt children des-perately in need of love and support. The plan also repeals the exclusion for adoption assistance programs, which allows a family to exclude money paid by an em-ployer for adoption costs up to the amount of the adoption tax credit as an alternative. This exclusion also allows those who adopt a child with special needs to receive the full value of the exclusion regardless of actual adoption costs. Eliminating the credit and exclusion sends the wrong message about our national prior-ities, which ought to protect life, strengthen families, and affirm the value of every human being. The savings to society from children finding loving homes is well beyond any revenue lost due to the credit and exclu-sion. It eliminates the personal exemption. Even with the doubling of the standard deduction, some larger families will pay more, includ-ing many two-parent families with more than three children, and single-parent fami-lies with more than one child. It is laudable that the child tax credit has been expanded and removes the marriage penalty. However, the modest increase in the credit does not fully compensate for the elimination of the personal exemption for some larger families. Moreover, because the child tax credit only remains refundable up to $1,000, lower in-come families will get no additional benefits from the child tax credit, while suffering the full loss of the personal exemption. It eliminates the out-of-pocket medical ex-penses deduction for families facing serious or chronic illness. It eliminates tax incentives to employers to provide dependent care assistance or child care. The family flexibility credit, at $300 per taxpayer, is some help, but is set to expire after five years and does not offset the great-er losses. It eliminates the qualified tuition reduc-tion for children of teachers, which will raise taxes on educational institutions and disrupt family arrangements. It repeals mortgage tax credit certificates, which are only available for first-time home buyers under certain income thresholds. Other aspects of the plan also have con-sequences for families. By creating stricter rules around parents’ social security num-bers, the plan makes it more difficult for im-migrant taxpayers to receive the Child Tax Credit or the Earned Income Tax Credit for their families, or to receive assistance in seeking advancement through education. Progressivity of the Tax Code. Pope St. John XXIII wrote that a progressive tax code is required by ‘‘justice and equity.’’ The ‘‘Unified Framework,’’ upon which this tax plan was based, promised that any new tax code would be ‘‘at least’’ as progressive as the present code. This plan breaks that promise. It raises taxes on the working poor, while simultaneously providing large tax breaks to high-income taxpayers. It also re-peals the estate tax (which applies to the es-tates of single people valued at more than $5.5 million and married couples valued greater than $11 million), and eliminates the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) which was designed to prevent high-income earners from avoiding tax liability through loop-holes. In the years that the working poor suffer a tax increase under this bill, million-aires and billionaires will see significant tax decreases. This must be fixed. Those who stand to benefit the most from proposed tax policies ought to be the ones to bear most of the risk associated with them, rather than those who are struggling and in need. Adequate Revenue for the Common Good and Avoiding Future Cuts to Poverty Pro-grams. The state has a legitimate role in promoting the common good, and a legiti-mate interest in collecting taxes to do so. This tax plan, by design, will result in a nearly $1.5 trillion deficit over ten years. Even with the potential benefits of economic growth from individual and corporate tax cuts—which cannot be guaranteed—the poor should not be the ones to finance these changes. Undoubtedly, the deficit will be used as an argument to further restrict or end programs that help those in need, pro-grams which are investments to help pull struggling families out of poverty. Repeal of the AMT and estate tax alone comprise a good portion of the deficit that is built into the plan. Rather than exploring even modest reductions to these dramatic cuts for the wealthiest, the bill raises taxes on the vul-nerable and creates a strong incentive to cut the social safety net. Incentive for Charitable Giving and Devel-opment. Doubling the standard deduction will bring tax relief to many people. How-ever, for those who give to charity, it will make the charitable deduction increasingly a benefit only available to high income fami-lies. An ‘‘above-the-line’’ deduction would incentivize and assist charitable giving at all income levels, and increase the amounts peo-ple can give. It would also guard against a multi-billion-dollar decrease in charitable giving that this plan would otherwise cause, shrinking civil society and cutting income to nonprofits that help the poor, just as govern-ment aid to the poor is jeopardized, as noted above. By and large, money given to charity helps those in need. The tax code should en-courage voluntary association, mutual aid, and a culture of giving, helping rather than hurting groups that will be asked to do more for the poor in the days ahead. Similarly, this plan will lower the value of affordable housing and community revitalization incen-tives. Public-private partnerships that ben-efit the poor and the greater community should not be discouraged. Because tax policy is far-reaching, Con-gress must provide ample time for Ameri-cans to discuss the complexities of these re-forms and fully understand their effects. The current timetable does not provide adequate time for that discussion. In many ways, this legislation is unacceptable in its present form and requires amendment. It must be changed for the sake of families—the bed-rock of our country—and for those strug-gling on the peripheries of society who have a claim on our national conscience. Sincerely, M
OSTREVEREND FRANK J. D
EWANE , Bishop of Venice, Chairman, Com-mittee on Domestic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.048 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9411 November 16, 2017 
Justice and Human Development. M
OSTREV. GEORGE V. M
URRY , S.J., Bishop of Youngs-town, Chairman, Committee on Catho-lic Education. M
OSTREVEREND OSCAR  C
ANTU´, Bishop of Las Cruces, Chairman, Com-mittee on Inter-national Justice and Peace. 
Ms. PELOSI. I return to one of their statements: ‘‘ . . . this proposal ap-pears to be the first Federal income tax modification in American history that will raise income taxes on the working poor while simultaneously providing a large tax cut for the wealthy.’’ The Senate is not going to make it better. They have already said they are raising taxes on those making under $75,000 and giving tax cuts to the wealthy. They have already said they are going to take affordable care away from 13 million Americans. I don’t know how that is making it better. That might be something you applaud, but I certainly hope you would not vote for it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind all Members to di-rect their remarks to the Chair and not to others in the second person. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, no one man has plowed the field for tax reform for more years, more boldly, or more effectively than the Speaker of the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN). Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, first, I love this 1 minute, and I try not to abuse it too much, but I am going to right now. Mr. Speaker, I want to start off by thanking Chairman K
EVIN BRADY and all of the members of the House Ways and Means Committee for this job well done. Mr. Speaker, we are in a generational defining moment for our country, and what we are doing here—what we are doing here—is not just determining the kind of Tax Code we are going to have, what we are doing here is determining the kind of country we are going to have. Right now, because of this anemic economic recovery—don’t forget, we had the worst recession in our lifetimes in 2008, and ever since then this econ-omy has been flat. This economy has been way under its potential. This economy has been growing at a limp 1 to 2 percent. Do you know what that means for hardworking taxpayers? Do you know what that means for Americans? No-body gets a wage increase. Living standards are stagnant. Economic anx-iety is high. Seventy-eight percent of our workers in this country today are living pay-check to paycheck. Most Americans say that they don’t even have $500 in their bank account for an unexpected emergency or an expense. This is the economic anxiety that is for real in this country today. Instead of thinking about getting ahead, families are just struggling to get by. Think about all the moms and the dads and the hardworking taxpayers going to bed tonight and not sleeping, worried about what comes next week. This is not how it should be. This is not how it is in this country traditionally. We need to restore growth. We need to restore opportunity. We need to re-store this beautiful thing we affection-ately call the American idea. Passing this bill is the single biggest thing we can do to grow the economy, to restore opportunity, and to help these middle- income families who are struggling. People always ask: Well, what is in it for me? How do I benefit from this? I am a chart guy. Why is this important? What this shows you, under this plan, the average family at every income level gets a tax cut, a tax cut at every average level. What this chart shows you, the peo-ple here who are struggling, the people here who are in middle-income brack-ets, the people here in low income try-ing to become middle income, they get the biggest tax cuts. This plan is good for people in all walks of life all across the country, and the bigger relief goes to those who need it most. Let’s put it into numbers. A typical household of four people, they make $59,000 in this country. That family of four gets an $1,182 tax cut the first year alone. The median family income, Mom, Dad, two kids, the median family in-come in America today is $87,000. That family will get a $1,941 tax cut right away, year one. If you are one of those 57 percent of Americans who say you don’t even have $500 to go through an emergency, this really helps you. Let’s talk about those people who itemize their taxes, who live in high- tax States. Let’s talk about a couple making $1115,000, living a high-tax State. Let’s say they have $8,400 in a mortgage interest payment and $6,900 in property taxes for the year. They can still write all of those off under this plan, and they will still see a tax cut of $1,130; if they have kids, an even larger tax cut. Not only do people get to keep more of their own money in their own pock-et, but we dramatically simplify the tax system. We make it more fair. Today, 7 out of 10 Americans don’t itemize their deductions. That means 70 percent of Americans take what we call the standard deduction for their taxes. It is just that. It is standard. It is straightforward. You are not taxed on that income. But over the years, Washington has piled on special interest loophole after special interest loophole after special interest loophole. These loopholes are skewed to the people who are wealthy, who are well connected, who can afford all the tax lawyers and all the account-ants to navigate the Tax Code so they can get a good deal. But if you are not in that group, if you don’t have the lawyers and the accountants and you are just scraping away with your mid-dle income, you don’t get those deals. What we want to do is take those loopholes away, make it fair for every-body, lower tax rates, and make it easy. Here is how easy this gets. We are going to make it so easy that, by dou-bling the standard deduction, 90 per-cent of Americans, 9 out of 10 Ameri-cans, will be able to fill out their taxes on a form the size of a postcard. What this means is, for a single person, you don’t pay taxes on your first $12,000 of income. For a married couple, you don’t pay taxes on your first $24,000 of income. Here is the basic philosophy. Instead of jumping through all the hoops that the IRS puts in front of you, instead of doing what the special interest groups say you need to do in order to get some of your money back, we basically say: Keep your money in the first place. It is your money. Do what you want with it. All of this is about tax relief. It is about fairness. It is about simplicity. It is about easing the stress and anx-iety that is in this country. What we really need to do is we need better jobs, more jobs, faster economic growth, higher wages. This brings us to the way we tax our-selves as businesses. This brings us to what do we do to make America the most competitive place in the world. Here is the real problem we have got when it comes to the way we tax our businesses. We are the worst in the world at it. We, right now, tax our businesses at the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world. What does that do? Well, let me give you an example of where I come from. In Wisconsin, the example is Johnson Controls. Johnson Controls is a com-pany with a history dating back, in our State, to the 1880s. It was the biggest company we had headquartered in Wis-consin. Not anymore, because Johnson Controls is an Irish company, and their Irish tax rate is 12
1⁄2percent. This is happening all over the coun-try. Companies, just to stay competi-tive, are becoming foreign companies. And when the headquarters of that company leaves your hometown, when the headquarters of that business and that employer leaves your State and goes to another country, there goes the United Way Campaign. There goes the white-collar jobs. There goes the manu-facturing. There goes the research and development. There goes America’s competitiveness. What is worse is all these foreign companies are buying U.S. companies because it is cheaper because of taxes. Here is what we do. Instead of being the worst in the pack, we leapfrog our-selves by bringing that tax rate down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.048 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9412 November 16, 2017 
to 20 percent. Because, guess what. When you tax your businesses at much, much higher tax rates than our foreign competitors tax theirs, they win and we lose. We have got to stop losing. We have got to start winning. That is what this does. What is even more impressive about this is it lowers taxes for those small businesses, those mom-and-pops even more. We have got to make sure that our businesses, the job creators of America, have every incentive to stay here, have every incentive to build here, have every incentive to hire here. What is more, we are finding that by doing this, we are going to get faster economic growth. We are going to get more jobs. We are going to get higher wages, better take-home pay. Let me just break it down in simple numbers. The Tax Foundation ran the num-bers. The nonpartisan Tax Foundation said, with this bill, we will get faster growth, about 3
1⁄2percent faster eco-nomic growth. We will get about 890,000 new jobs. They estimate that in New York State alone, 57,834 new jobs; In Wisconsin, 17,999 new jobs; in Cali-fornia, 101,422 new jobs; in Texas, 74,037 new jobs. You get these new jobs when you grow this economy. You pass this bill, you grow this economy. So why do we do all of this? Because it is about giving people more take- home pay. It is about raising wages. It is about helping families that are struggling to get ahead. It is about get-ting Washington out of the business of picking winners and losers and giving the American people the kind of econ-omy they deserve, the kind of economy we can have. This just shows you that across every income scale across the board, wages will go up because we are going to grow the economy. Most of the wage growth goes to the people who need it most, people who are in the middle, people who are struggling. That is why we are here. Right now, we are in the middle of a long day where people are working tooth and nail in their jobs. We are right here in the middle of a day where America’s workers are trying to figure out how they are going to make ends meet, how they are going to keep up with everything. Those people, the hardworking tax-payers of this country that we rep-resent, that is why we are here. This is why we are doing this. They are the foundation of this country. We are here today for them. The special interest groups are try-ing to protect their piece of the pie. All the negativity you see out there, there is probably a special interest group back there trying to keep their special niche in the Tax Code. It is high time we root that out, we don’t settle for the status quo, and we give people the kind of Tax Code that they need and they deserve. It has been 31 years since we last did this, and it is finally time that we get the general in-terests of this country to prevail over the special interests in Washington. We know that this brings more fair-ness. We know that this increases take- home pay, bigger paychecks, and we know that this grows the economy and creates more opportunities. Faster economic growth is not going to fix every problem America has, but faster economic growth is going to help us solve every problem America has. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues today to raise their gaze and do some-thing bold, to see the forest through the trees, to think about the people we are here to actually represent, to think about the people who are struggling, who are going to go to bed tonight and probably not sleep because they are worried about what is going to happen tomorrow. That is what this is. This is one of the most historic and the big-gest things that we will ever do. b1330 And the reason is because this is one of the biggest things we can do to im-prove people’s lives, to revitalize that beautiful American idea, to spread lib-erty and freedom. This is something that is going to refresh our confidence in ourselves and our confidence in each other. Enough settling. Enough giving in. Let’s start to reclaim our future right here in this moment, in this Chamber. In this moment, let’s pass this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, more jobs, bigger paychecks, and fairer taxes. Those are the three big promises of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am proud to lend my support. This tax relief legislation serves as an op-portunity for all American families to achieve the American dream—because it is crafted with working families and providing relief for the middle class in mind. This bill does much to reform and revitalize the tax code. I look forward to doing even more to assist American families and commu-nities, ensure U.S. companies can fairly com-pete with foreign counterparts, and close exist-ing loopholes in our laws. For years, our na-tion’s high corporate tax rate has created an unlevel playing field for U.S. businesses to compete in global markets. By reducing rates and moving to a territorial system much in line those of our international competitors, we will incentivize companies to build investment here, thereby creating new jobs and increas-ing take-home pay for hardworking Americans. Further compounding this problem is the ability, in some industries, for foreign-based competitors to exploit loopholes in the tax code to avoid taxes altogether. For instance, under current law foreign-based reinsurers to transfer a portion of their profits to offshore tax havens, and thus shielded from our corporate tax rate, has essentially gutted the domestic reinsurance industry over; the last two dec-ades. Rather than allowing our domestic insur-ers to effectively compete, this uneven and unfair playing field instead promotes the use of foreign inversions and affiliate transactions to achieve a lower tax rate. This environment erodes the U.S. tax base to the tune of bil-lions, and forces U.S. insurers to decide whether solely-domestic operations, which many have maintained for decades, is worth paying a higher effective tax rate. Mr. Speak-er, these are not decisions that our tax code should force on job creators. As our country competes with the rest of world in a 21st century global economy, it is essential that our tax policies offer opportuni-ties for job creators in the United States of all sizes to grow, thrive, create jobs, and increase the take-home pay for all hard-working Ameri-cans so that they may thrive and seek their dreams. As the U.S. economic engine drives for-ward, aided significantly by the passage of this historic legislation, we must also ensure that neglected and distressed communities are kept in mind. My district in southern Ohio has leveraged the New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) and Historic Tax Credit (HTC) to bring hundreds of millions of dollars of investment to such areas, and the net result is thousands of permanent new jobs and housing units in my district alone. Given the positive impacts these pro-growth credits have had in my district and across the country, I was hopeful for the preservation of NMTC and HTC as my colleagues on the Ways & Means Committee crafted this legisla-tion. While H.R. 1 would repeal both credits, the Senate’s proposal would retain the NMTC and a modified version of the HTC. I hope the House and Senate come to a productive solu-tion in conference. More broadly, I encourage my colleagues in the upcoming House and Senate conference process to produce a final version that will en-sure our tax relief creates a level playing field for all competitors in an interconnected world, and realizes the vast potential of our nation’s overlooked communities. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on be-half of America’s future generations who will be saddled with an unsurmountable debt cre-ated by H.R. 1, the Republican Tax plan, I must object to it. This rushed piece of legisla-tion will not only add more than $1.7 trillion to the national debt over the next 10 years, but it will also shift the burden of paying for that debt to our hard working families. Despite our Republican colleagues’ asser-tions that this tax plan will benefit the majority of Americans, numerous economists disagree. They note that nearly 45 percent of all house-holds with children will see a tax increase, while 80 percent of our wealthiest citizens will receive a tax cut by 2027. Even more egregious, this tax bill seeks to eliminate the long-standing State and Local Tax deduction, subjecting every wage earner’s income to double taxation. This defeats the original framers’ intent to avoid a system of double taxation. The original tax code, drafted in 1913, con-sisted of three pages in its entirety and in-cluded the State and Local Tax deduction at the core of its responsible tax policy to ensure state and local governments could raise reve-nues for public schools, police, fire, and emer-gency services. Plain and simple, this tax plan is a tremen-dous windfall for our wealthiest 1 percent and large corporations. It favors large businesses over small businesses, it favors sending jobs overseas rather than creating jobs at home, it favors the wealthy over hourly wage earners, and it pays for these tax cuts for the wealthy by raising taxes on our middle class families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.051 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9413 November 16, 2017 
to the detriment of Medicare, Medicaid, edu-cation, and other vital public services. The fact is, Mr. Speaker, this bill is so skewed to benefit the wealthiest 1 percent in America that it could more accurately be named, ‘‘H.R. 1 percent’’ I urge my colleagues to support the 99 percent of Americans in-stead, and to oppose this plan. Vote no on H.R. 1. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, today is a good day for hardworking Americans. We are con-sidering legislation that let’s taxpayers keep more of their paycheck to save, spend, and in-vest as they see fit. Our bill—the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—will overhaul our broken tax code and finally put the American taxpayer first. Because we can all agree that hardworking taxpayers are the losers under the current system. Right now, our tax code rewards lawyers, lobbyists and loopholes—while leaving hardworking families and job creators behind. The bill we are considering today will change all of that. To me, there is only one special interest group that matters—and that is the American people. That’s why we simplify the tax code and cut taxes for all Americans to ensure hardworking Americans—like the people I represent in Southeast Texas—can keep more of their hard-earned money. It has been more than 30 years since the last time we overhauled our tax code. And since then it has grown to more than 70,000 pages. I like to put it this way . . . our current tax code is now longer than the Bible with none of the good news. Over the past 30 years, Washington has piled up all these carveouts and loopholes for special interests—making things far too complicated and far too expen-sive for hardworking families. This needs to end—and today the House will take a historic step to fix that and deliver long overdue tax relief to the American peo-ple. Here are the details: First, we get rid of loopholes. Then we use that money to lower taxes. And then, we sim-plify the code altogether. Now, instead of seven confusing tax brack-ets and carveouts, there will be just four— making things so simple that you can file your taxes on a postcard. Importantly, we also double the standard deduction, increase the child tax credit, elimi-nate the Death Tax, and preserve the home mortgage interest deduction. In addition—to help create more good jobs right here in America—we lower the tax rate on job creators from 35 percent down to 20 percent. Today, many of America’s biggest job pro-ducers face the highest tax rate in the world— which makes America less competitive and forces jobs overseas. We fix that in our bill—because we want companies to invest, grow and produce jobs right here in America. We also reduce the tax rate on the income earned by small busi-nesses to no more than 25 percent—the low-est tax rate on small business income since World War II. Folks, let’s not forget. When we reformed the tax system over 30 years ago, it led to an explosion in jobs and economic growth. With the passage of this bill, we will be on the verge of achieving such greatness again. This is an exciting time—and the American people deserve some good news. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quick-ly follow our lead and get a bill passed so we can deliver a tax relief bill to the American people before Christmas. For more details on our bill, please visit www.FairAndSimple.GOP. Thank you—and God bless. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on sus-pending the rules and passing H.R. 3109, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 227, nays 205, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 637] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NAYS—205 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\H16NO7.REC H16NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9414 November 16, 2017 
NOT VOTING—2 
Pocan Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1348 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Pursuant to section 2 of House Reso-lution 619, the title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 637. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. 
f 
SR. CHIEF RYAN OWENS POST OFFICE BUILDING The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN). The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 3109) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3109. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO UNITED STATES CAPITOL PRES-ERVATION COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 2081, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the United States Capitol Preservation Commission: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Virginia 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable NANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
NOVEMBER 16, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to Section 5 of the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission Act (Pub. L. 1151–77), I am pleased to appoint the following Member to serve as a Commissioner to the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission: The Honorable Eleanor Holmes Norton of Washington, District of Columbia And from private life: Mr. Kenneth B. Morris, Jr. of Orange, Cali-fornia Thank you for your attention to these rec-ommendations. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND MORE JOBS FOR MONTANANS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will increase paychecks for hardworking Montanans, create Montana jobs, and unleash eco-nomic growth. In fact, analysis from the non-partisan Tax Foundation finds the bill will create nearly 2,900 Montana jobs and will increase income for median Montana households by $2,200. Hardworking Montanans will see a big tax break by cutting their rates and by doubling the standard deduc-tion. Montana families will benefit from an increased child tax credit. Today, only about one in four Mon-tanans itemize their deductions—fill-ing out stacks of paperwork for hours after saving piles of receipts. With tax reform, those days are over. Under the new plan, nine out of ten Americans won’t have to itemize to see their full tax benefit, and they will file their taxes on something like a postcard. I am proud to vote for tax reform that will create thousands of Montana jobs, ensure hardworking Montanans keep more of what they earn, and help small businesses. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support Small Business Saturday on November 25. Small Business Saturday takes place every year on the Saturday after Thanksgiving. It is a day for Ameri-cans to support their community and their local businesses. As a former small-business owner myself, I know the value that our small, locally owned businesses add to our local economy. Arizona is the proud home of more than 500,000 small businesses that em-ploy nearly 1 million Arizonans. These small businesses are the lifeblood of our local economies, and they are vital to the future of our communities. Our entrepreneurs are local community leaders. They hire local employees and they contribute to local causes. This holiday shopping season, we have the chance to show appreciation for our local businesses and all they do for our communities. I encourage all Americans to go out and shop at their favorite local small businesses or dine at their favorite local restaurant and support Small Business Saturday on November 25. f 
b1400 BENEFITS OF TAX BILL (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With Chairman B
RADY ’s leadership, my colleagues and I worked hard to combine our ideas to help Americans across the Nation have lower taxes, better careers, and more money in their family budget. Over the past year, it has been a col-laborative effort. I have listened to and worked with people and businesses about their ideas on tax reform from all across the Second Congressional District of Arkansas. With today’s vote, we are one step closer to reform-ing our broken Tax Code. Over the past several months, we have worked to reduce taxes on fami-lies and let them keep more of their money. For businesses, we want to have a more competitive tax system that promotes investment, which will spur our economic growth and family prosperity. According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, H.R. 1 will raise after-tax incomes for hardworking Arkansans by over $2,000. Furthermore, H.R. 1 bene-fits families by increasing the child tax credit to $1,600, instead of $1,000. That helps over 50,000 taxpayers in my dis-trict. By passing this bill, it could lead to the creation of an additional 5,000 jobs. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STEVE MOSTYN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the very sad task, as we begin the season of Thanksgiving, of an-nouncing the passing of my dear friend, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.023 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9415 November 16, 2017 
Steve Mostyn, a great Texan, a great American, husband, father, and friend. We pray for him; his beautiful wife, Amber; and his children. Today, I ask, in the spirit of our faith, if Members will join me in a mo-ment of silence for the passing of Steve Mostyn. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 637. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL (Mr. GARRETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, in the realm of humanity, that which is cob-bled together by humans is rarely per-fect. So, too, the tax reform that we undertook today is not perfect; how-ever, it was overdue, and it is good. Candidly, any legislation con-templated that was last addressed when I weighed 112 pounds and had a full head of hair is long overdue. Having said that, I can find some fault. And I would submit that it is with the confidence and belief in the leadership of this Chamber and the rel-evant committees that will discuss the maintenance of the historic preserva-tion tax credit, which is included in the Senate version of this bill, that I cast my ballot today. I think that is a worthwhile invest-ment in revitalizing downtrodden areas. I want to make my voice known publicly, loudly, and on the record. I also hope that Members of this body, on both sides of the aisle, would consider the opportunity for students to remove themselves from the dark cloud of student loan debt by virtue of reviewing the Student Security Act that will be unveiled here within the next 24 hours. 
f 
TAX BREAK FOR THE WEALTHIEST AMONG US (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, what hap-pened today on this floor was a massive tax break for the wealthiest people in our country. Over half of the tax dollars will go to people in the upper 1 percent of the in-come strata. The big pot of gold at the end is eliminating the inheritance tax by the year 2024, so that the heirs of the richest will get millions and hun-dreds of millions and billions in tax re-lief. This bill should have been geared to-ward the middle class. The middle class is getting tip change from a cheap res-taurant, while the millionaires and bil-lionaires are getting away with no AMT tax, changed rates at the top, and inheritance tax changes. They get the money. The middle class gets shafted. It is a con job. It is a shame. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JACK TOLBERT (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Korean war veteran Jack Tolbert, who passed away this month at the age of 94. He was a long-time resident of Red-ding, California, for over 50 years, and was originally a Texas native. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his heroism in Korea. In 1953, his outpost came under at-tack. A Chinese soldier hurled a gre-nade into Sergeant Tolbert’s bunker. In an incredible moment of selfless bravery, Jack hurled himself on the grenade to shield his fellow soldiers from the explosion and injury or even death. Jack lost both his legs, among numerous other injuries. Though he would never admit it him-self, Jack truly was a hero for having protected his brothers in arms. I knew him personally. It was always a joy to see Jack at events in the Redding area. He was always full of joy. He had a joke and slap on the back. He never let his condition get him down. He was al-ways one of the most positive people in the room and a joy to be around. We will miss Jack dearly, but we are all blessed to have him in our lives, whether it was his service in Korea or his time as our neighbor in Shasta County. God bless him and his family. 
f 
STAND FOR PROGRAMS THAT BENEFIT AMERICA’S CHILDREN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let us never forget that the GOP tax scam will harm real people. On Tuesday afternoon, 42 high school students from the Cristo Rey Newark High School were here at the Capitol, urging me to vote against the GOP tax scam. Mr. Speaker, the young people I met with are from financially struggling families. They worked hard and got ac-cepted into an innovative school to gain professional skills. The students take part in a corporate work study program. Their earnings go towards their college preparatory education. The model works. Last year, 100 percent of Cristo Rey Newark’s students were accepted into 4-year colleges. Under the GOP tax scam, these bright, young people from financially disadvantaged families will have to pay taxes on their work study earnings—taxes they cannot afford. That is wrong. I will continue to stand up against the GOP tax scam and stand for programs that benefit Amer-ica’s children. f 
NATIONAL BIBLE WEEK (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Bible Week. For thousands of years, the Bible has been a source of guidance and strength for humanity. During times of turmoil and confusion, I can think of no more important source of comfort than the wisdom provided in the Good Book. The Bible serves as a profound influ-ence in my life, as well as others in this Chamber. Many of us gather week-ly for prayer breakfasts and Bible study. The Bible offers us hope when cir-cumstances are dire and is a source of strength when human frailty brings us low. As we read in the Gospel of Mat-thew: ‘‘Come unto me, all ye that labor under heavy laden, and I will give you rest.’’ Next week, as we celebrate Thanks-giving, my prayer is that it will be a time of healing and unity for all. As we reflect on the blessings God has pro-vided, I hope we will also celebrate the gift God provides us daily through His holy word. 
f 
TAX BURDEN ON HARDWORKING FAMILIES (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago, on the floor of the House of Representatives, we saw a vote on what has been called the mid-dle class tax cut. Unfortunately, I am here to remind all of us, Mr. Speaker, that it really is a tax scam. When we have looked into the many communities across America and seen families like the hardworking families in the district that I represent in Cali-fornia, the average family or household that files a tax return every April 15 makes an average income of about $69,000. That family, according to what was just passed on this floor, is going to be leaving behind over $1,000 more than they normally would have when they do their taxes. That hurts. That family is a hardworking family. That family cannot afford to miss out on $1,000 of their hard-earned money. I heard people say earlier that that is not going to happen. That is just not true. 
f 
FIGHTING FOR AMERICAN BUSINESSES (Mr. BUDD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, the House just only moments ago passed historic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.058 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9416 November 16, 2017 
tax reform. I am proud to have sup-ported it. In conference, we will have the op-portunity to improve the bill. There is one issue I would like to raise for them: closing the Bermuda loophole. Basically, how it works is that a company located in Bermuda strips revenue out of its U.S. branch and then invests that revenue under Bermuda tax law, meaning the company pays virtually nothing in taxes on that in-come. It as crippling advantage. Companies that stay in America are getting killed. We have had two mas-sive inversions in 2 years to Bermuda and Switzerland. The number of foreign property casualty insurers in the top 25 has increased sevenfold since 1990. Closing this loophole is in the Senate bill, and it was in the last tax reform proposal. It also raises $8.7 billion in revenue. That is in addition to the countless jobs and proud American businesses that it would save. We can’t have a Tax Code that de-stroys American business. We have got to close this loophole. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN TAX BILL IS A BLOW TO SENIORS AND FAMILIES (Mrs. NAPOLITANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1, the Republican tax bill, which is a give-away to corporations and the richest 1 percent, and a tax hike on working class Americans and their children. It is unconscionable, as it cripples the State and local tax deductions. Thirty percent of my residents will lose these deductions, averaging $17,000 per family, according to the IRS, which will devastate housing affordability in my district and disadvantage Cali-fornia taxpayers, compared to other States. It cruelly eliminates the medical ex-pense tax deduction worth over $10,000. This is a direct blow to seniors and families in my district who have long- term medical needs, as well as families with children who have severe disabil-ities. The House bill is terrible, but the Senate wants to include a repeal of the Affordable Care Act in their bill, mak-ing it even more painful for working families. This would kick millions of Americans off their health insurance plan, spike premiums, and undermine our entire healthcare system. It also abolishes the tax-exempt sta-tus of private activity bonds used by San Gabriel Valley cities, water agen-cies, and transportation agencies to provide low-cost financing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against it. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters from the League of California Cities, the California Department of Finance, the California State Treas-urer, and the San Gabriel Valley Eco-nomic Partnership in opposition to H.R. 1. LEAGUE®OFCALIFORNIA CITIES , CSAC, CALED, CSBA, C
ALI-
FORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REAL-
TORS®, November 9, 2017. For Immediate Release. C
OALITION OF LOCAL GOVERNMENTS , ECONOMIC  D
EVELOPMENT LEADERS , SCHOOLS AND RE-
ALTORS URGE CALIFORNIA CONGRESSIONAL  D
ELEGATION TO REJECT TAXREFORMS THAT  H
ARM TAXPAYERS , HOMEOWNERS AND THE  E
CONOMY  
CALIFORNIA WOULD BE ONE OF THE STATES TO  
LOSE THE MOST FROM PROPOSED REFORMS  S
ACRAMENTO .—The associations rep-resenting California’s local governments, economic development leaders, schools and realtors urge the California congressional delegation to protect the State and Local Tax deduction and a key economic develop-ment tool at risk under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in its current form. The SALT deduction makes the cost of liv-ing more affordable in states like California. Eliminating the deduction for state and local income taxes and capping the local property tax deduction at $10,000 would hurt hard- working California families and only add to the housing affordability crisis in the state by eliminating a key incentive for homeown-ership. In 2015, 6.1 million California tax-payers claimed the SALT deduction with the average deduction at around $18,000. The SALT deduction has been an integral component of the federal tax code since its creation in 1913 and was one of the six deduc-tions allowed under the original tax code. Eliminating or capping federal deductibility for state and local property, sales and in-come taxes would represent double taxation and would upset the carefully balanced fiscal federalism that has existed since the perma-nent creation of the federal income tax over 100 years ago. Tax-exempt Private Activity Bonds (PABs) are an important tool for state and local governments to help finance major public projects, including transportation and water infrastructure, affordable housing construc-tion, schools—all of which are essential for job growth, healthy economies, safe commu-nities and the nation’s economy Eliminating PABs’ tax-exempt status would drive up the costs of borrowing for these projects by 25–25 percent and be a disincentive to spurring pri-vate sector investment in our communities. Given the impact on California families and our economy, we respectfully urge the California congressional delegation to op-pose eliminating or capping the SALT deduc-tion or removing the exemption on PABs as part of any tax reform proposal. 
QUOTES FROM COALITION LEADERS  Carolyn Coleman, Executive Director, League of California Cities: ‘‘Hard working California tax payers and our communities would be harmed by the current proposal. We hope that California’s congressional delega-tion hears this message and takes swift ac-tion to reject any proposals that would cause people to pay taxes on their income twice, would destabilize key incentives for home-ownership and increase borrowing costs for state and local governments to finance projects that benefit our communities. Matt Cate, Executive Director, California State Association of Counties: ‘‘California Counties are increasingly concerned with several provisions in the House tax reform package. The narrowing of the SALT deduc-tion alone would impact county resources and their ability to meet the service needs of the public. The additional changes to infra-structure financing tools, including the tax-able status of Private Activity Bonds (PABs) and the ability to advance refund municipal bonds, will fundamentally harm the way counties do business on behalf of our resi-dents.’’ Gurbax Sahota, President and CEO, Cali-fornia Association for Local Economic De-velopment: ‘‘The current tax proposal elimi-nates Private Activity Bonds—eliminating an important economic development financ-ing tool California uses to fund manufac-turing expansion, health care facilities, af-fordable housing, schools, nonprofits, and other economic development projects. Com-bined with a repeal of advance refunding bonds, this will absolutely impact our ability to attract investment to future projects like these, as well as our ability to create and re-tain jobs in these areas. These provisions are bad for California and our residents.’’ Vernon M. Billy, CEO and Executive Direc-tor, California School Boards Association: ‘‘We urge the California delegation to act on behalf of the taxpayers in California who would be hurt by the elimination of the SALT deduction, including the talented school employees who work in our schools educating and training students. Elimi-nating the deduction has the same impact as raising property, income and sales taxes in every congressional district in our state. By effectively raising property taxes, the deduc-tion also makes local school bonds more ex-pensive, complicating our efforts to build and repair schools and provide students with the resources needed for a high-quality 21st century education.’’ Steve White, President, California Associa-tion of REALTORS: ‘‘The move by Congress to eliminate state and local tax deductions essentially levies a double tax on California, this and other attacks on real estate tax in-centives removes the tax benefits for people to buy homes and raises taxes on hundreds of thousands of Californians. Homeownership has and continues to be the best way for families to grow wealth and increase the middle class. Congress should look at ways to incentivize and increase homeownership rates, not increase taxes on families wanting to buy a home. DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE , O
FFICE OF THE DIRECTOR , Sacramento, CA, November 9, 2017. C
ALIFORNIA CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION , Washington, DC. D
EAR MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA CON-
GRESSIONAL DELEGATION : As the Governor’s chief fiscal advisor, I write to express the Administration’s significant concerns with several provisions currently contained in H.R. 1 measure now under consideration be-fore the Ways and Means Committee. Removing the state and local tax (SALT) deductions while capping the property tax deduction at $10,000—Over 6 million Cali-fornia tax returns—one of every three—claim SALT deductions, including millions of mid-dle-income households that may not benefit from the increased standard deduction. While allowing up to a $10,000 deduction on property taxes provides some offset, only one-fourth of the state and local tax deduc-tion consists of property taxes paid. The av-erage deduction for state and local income taxes alone is nearly $16,000 per return, while state and local property taxes average less than $6,000 per return. Reducing the cap on the mortgage interest deduction to $500,000 ($250,000 single)—This change will increase the cost of homeowner-ship for many middle-class Californians. Given the high cost of housing in the state, mortgages for many mid-level homes are sig-nificantly above these caps, particularly the $250,000 cap for single filers. More than 4 mil-lion California tax returns claim the mort-gage interest deduction at an average of over $12,000 per return. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.060 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9417 November 16, 2017 
Elimination of the interest exclusion for Private Activity Bonds (PABs)—This will re-move an important tool used by the Low In-come Housing Tax Credit program to con-struct affordable housing, which was used to fund nearly 20,000 affordable housing units in 2016. The state’s Infrastructure and Economic Development Bank (iBank) has issued Pri-vate Activity Bonds in support of museums, schools, performing arts centers, charitable organizations and research institutes throughout the state. Elimination of Private Activity Bonds would greatly increase bor-rowing costs for such borrowers resulting in the delay; downsizing or outright abandon-ment of these socially beneficial projects and the people and jobs who depend on them. Further, this would hurt California vet-erans by ending bond issuances that help around 1,000 veterans buy a home every year. This program has been around since at least World War II. It serves veterans that would not otherwise qualify for private financing, while maintaining foreclosure rates of less than 0.25 percent. Repeal of Casualty Loss Deduction—Last month’s devastating wildfires in northern California have alone caused billions of dol-lars in losses, with more than 10,000 homes damage and over 4,700 more destroyed. For this and other disasters to come, it is impor-tant to maintain the casualty loss deduction as a way of providing relief to the victims of casualty losses both large and small. The re-peal of the casualty loss deduction starting in 2018 under H.R. 1 is an unnecessary step that will only compound the difficulty for the many thousands of Californians who ei-ther are or will be struggling to recover from devastating losses. Negative impacts on Education—Multiple provisions now in H.R. 1 negatively impact the cost of education for both students and educators, including the elimination of the student loan interest deduction, imposing a new tax on tuition waivers, elimination or reduction of various tax credits, and a new tax on net investment income of private col-leges and universities if their endowments exceed $250,000 per full-time student. In total, all of the changes to education provi-sions will raise taxes on Americans by over $60 billion over ten years, which indicates a negative impact on California of at least $7 billion. Unfavorable treatment of children and families—The new $300 Family Flexibility Credit for the tax filer, their spouse, and for non-child dependents is temporary and ex-pires in 2023. While it provides a tax benefit for many low-income families in the first four years, its expiration leads to those same families having much smaller net tax cuts or overall tax increases in 2023 and beyond. In addition, unlike the current dependent ex-emptions it is intended to replace, there is no indexing of the Child Tax Credit, which leads to its positive impact eroding over time. Also, requiring a Social Security number for the refundable portion of the child tax credit punishes working undocumented im-migrants in California who file their tax re-turns using a Taxpayer Identification Num-ber. More than $3.4 billion in federal refund-able child tax credits were claimed by Cali-fornians in 2015, and a portion of those would have been undocumented immigrants filing with a Taxpayer Identification Number Overall tax cuts for the wealthy—Lower tax rates on business income will dispropor-tionately benefit higher-income individuals who are more likely to have income from limited liability companies, S corporations, or partnerships. Further, the repeal of the estate tax will disproportionately benefit the wealthy. The estate tax would be fully re-pealed for deaths after December 31, 2023 and there would be no change to the basis step- up rule that currently revalues appreciated capital assets at market value at the time of death. As a result, wealthy people would be able to simply hold on to assets until they die, pass the assets on to their heirs, and all the increase in the value of the asset during the wealthy person’s life will not be taxed. Removing the tax on inherited wealth with-out also repealing the basis step-up rule leads to increasing inequality. The Joint Committee on Taxation analysis shows that for 2027, the highest-income Americans—less than three-tenths of one percent of tax-payers—will realize almost one-third of the total benefits. Prioritizes corporations over individuals— The net benefits of H.R. 1 are weighted heav-ily towards corporations, with the signifi-cant cut in the corporate tax rate coupled with the removal of relatively few corporate tax breaks. Instead, many deductions and tax credits taken by lower-and middle in-come households are either reduced or elimi-nated. A November 3 Joint Committee on Taxation analysis indicates that more than half of the tax cut goes to corporations while about one-third goes to businesses that pass through income to individuals. Massive expansion of the deficit by at least $1.7 trillion over ten years—Deficit-financed tax cuts are not likely to lead to significant growth effects because the negative eco-nomic effects of the debt would crowd out in-vestment. Further, fiscal stimulus at this point in the business cycle—with the econ-omy at full employment, corporate profit margins at all-time highs, and corporate cash balances at all-time highs—is unlikely to lead to significant growth above what would have occurred in the absence of these changes. If you need any additional information on any of these subjects, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL COHEN , Director. 
STATE OF CALIFORNIA , November 9, 2017. Re Tax Reform and the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit. Hon. G
RACE NAPOLITANO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREP. NAPOLITANO : Last week you re-ceived a letter from me and other prominent signatories respectfully urging you to pre-serve the 4 percent Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (4 percent Housing Credit) and Private Activity Bond Program (Bond Program). The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, introduced in the House of Representatives on November 2, proposes the elimination of the Bond Pro-gram and the effective elimination of the 4 percent Housing Credit. I reiterate the vital role these programs play in building and preserving affordable housing throughout the nation, but espe-cially in California where, as you know, we struggle with a housing crisis that is quickly metastasizing into a humanitarian and pub-lic health catastrophe. Today, the state’s housing shortage stands at one and a half million units and is growing by an alarming 60,000 units each year. The 4 percent Housing Credit and Bond Program are the large sources of funding for affordable housing in California, with $2.2 billion worth of 4 per-cent housing credits last year and more than $6 billion of private activity tax exempt bond funding for multifamily and single-family housing. Together, they created or preserved more than 20,000 affordable homes in 2016, nearly all of which were for low-income households, including veterans, seniors, per-sons with disabilities, and persons experi-encing homelessness. The purpose of this letter is to highlight the projects in your district that have re-ceived funding from these programs over the last four years. Attached is a spreadsheet with a list of the projects. Any projects list-ed in red have pending applications, and these projects could be brought to a halt by a sudden cessation of the programs. As the list of projects shows, this is not an abstract issue, or one that impacts only one region or a small number of Californians. It is broad-based and affects constituents like yours and those in congressional districts across the state. We all have seen the tan-gible benefits of these vital programs; now we must come together to save them. I know you will agree with me that we can-not allow even more Californians to be driv-en into homelessness. That is why I strongly urge you to reject the elimination of the Bond Program and the 4 percent Housing Credit. Sincerely, JOHNCHIANG , California State Treasurer. 
SANGABRIEL VALLEY  E
CONOMIC PARTNERSHIP , Irwindale, CA, November 8, 2017. Re Concerns with the provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (H.R. 1). Hon. G
RACE NAPOLITANO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSWOMAN NAPOLITANO : On be- half of the San Gabriel Valley Economic Partnership, I wish to express concerns with several provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (H.R. 1). While the Partnership has long supported federal tax reform to en-courage economic growth and provide tax re-lief for middle-class and working families, the elimination of several key deductions will have a negative effect here in the San Gabriel Valley. The elimination of the Private Activity Bonds (PABs) tax exemption will hit munic-ipal governments and non-profit organiza-tions especially hard and would have ripple effects across the healthcare and housing sectors. Many non-profit organizations rely on local governments as partners to issue PABs to obtain cheaper financing for a vari-ety of endeavors like the construction of af-fordable housing, education programs, and elder care. Although recently state legisla-tion will provide more funding for affordable housing, PABs are the finance backbone for these types of housing projects. PABs funded 20,000 affordable housing units in California last year; it is estimated the federal deduc-tion alone is worth $2.2 billion in projects throughout the state. Were the exemption to be eliminated for PABs, the result would likely be a 15–20 percent reduction in the overall size of the U.S. municipal bond mar-ket. Additionally, the limitation of the state and local tax deduction (SALT) and the re-duction in the mortgage interest deduction will hurt first time home buyers in the San Gabriel Valley as well as Californians in other expensive housing markets in the state, costing them several thousand dollars a year that they could have saved under the existing deductions. One-fifth of all Amer-ican taxpayers claim the state and local tax deduction. Retaining this deduction is an im-portant way to allow Americans to keep more of their income. The Partnership is supportive of revising the federal business tax code which has grown outdated and overly burdensome for American companies competing abroad. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9418 November 16, 2017 
Lowering the corporate rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, allowing the repatriation of foreign-made profits, and removing incen-tives to locate offshore are all positive steps in improving the tax climate for American business. But these positive changes are too costly if the major deductions discussed above are eliminated to pay for these changes. We ask that you work with your colleagues in Congress to keep these deduc-tions intact. Sincerely, J
EFFALLRED , President & CEO. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will recognize Members for Spe-cial Order speeches without prejudice to the resumption of legislative busi-ness. 
f 
BIG DAY FOR AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this has been a big day. There are so many people who have suffered in this country, especially since the passing of ObamaCare. It is difficult to call it the Affordable Care Act. There is a small percentage that supposedly has done better. Usually, when my friends across the aisle and most of the media talk about how much better off Americans are under ObamaCare, they ignore the real results, and, instead, they point and say: There are so many people—mil-lions of people now—who have insur-ance now that didn’t have it before. Well, the reason they could say that was because ObamaCare forced people to buy insurance. We went through this with some family members, helping them make the calculation: should they pay the penalty through addi-tional income tax, or should they buy insurance that they will never, ever be able to use? On some occasions, you are better off paying the extra tax, which means the government wanted your money a lot worse—well, not worse than the indi-vidual—but the government has the power to steal from people and call it legal, and then it is legal. There was a massive amount of legal-ized stealing under ObamaCare that took place. This bill we passed today would end so much of the stealing from individuals that the government has been doing legally since ObamaCare passed. b1415 But, yes, there will be millions of people, I would suspect, that when we legally end the individual mandate, they are not going to continue to pay for insurance, huge amounts every month that they can’t afford—people making $25,000, $30,000, or so, who couldn’t afford to pay for health insur-ance who were required to do that. Do you want to pay higher income tax? Are you going to pay for health insurance that you are never going to be able to use? The premiums cost you more than you can afford, the deduct-ible is so high. Clearly, you are young. You are never going to use it. The odds are 99.99 percent you will never use it. But the government forced them to pay more taxes or pay more for insurance they couldn’t use. The good news for those people is that now you will be able to—well, once this becomes the law, and it does need to pass the Senate. The Senate has a little different version, and there are a few things in the Senate version I like better than ours, but there are a lot of things in our bill that I like bet-ter than the Senate. If the Senate will go ahead and do their job like they did not do on repeal-ing at least part of ObamaCare, they will do their job on this, the American people are going to benefit. We are going to see the economy take a big jolt forward and upward, more jobs coming to America. Nobody gets everything they want. I believe what the President really want-ed was going to be best for the country. If we could hold to a 15 percent cor-porate tax, I wanted to see that across the board for S corporations, C cor-porations. But as the President knew— I know he knew because we talked about it more than once—that 15 per-cent would undercut the corporate tax that China has. If we undercut the cor-porate tax that China has, then it means we were going to be getting manufacturing jobs back to America. We have had so many manufacturing plants pick up and move to other places—mainly China, Mexico, other places. We need to be manufacturing here. I know there are those elitists who have been educated with degrees far be-yond their intellectual capacity to ab-sorb. They got the degrees, but they didn’t get the wisdom. And some have ventured to say: No, we don’t need to be a manufacturing country. We have evolved above being these lowly manu-facturers. That is for developing coun-tries, not a wonderful country like ours is. Obviously, they spent too much time in other places than studying history. This is something else I have talked about with the President—he knows it just from his business acumen; I know it from studying history—that any na-tion that is a powerful nation in the world that cannot manufacture the things that that country needs in a time of war will cease to be a great na-tion after the next war. And be assured, there will be wars. Jesus, the wisest to ever walk this planet, said there will always be wars and rumors of war. And that is true be-cause this planet has evil: people who will do evil, countries that will do evil, people who get jealous when some other country has more freedom, more assets. And there is going to be evil in this world as long as this world exists. We saw that down in Sutherland Springs. Some lunatics—again, many of them educated well beyond their ability to be wise—had popped off and said, well, if prayer worked, those peo-ple would never have been shot in a church where they were praying and worshipping. As long as people are in this world, there is going to be evil—not that God wants evil to prevail. He doesn’t. He doesn’t want that any should stumble. But as a parent knows, you could force your child to say, ‘‘I love you’’ or to throw their little arms around your neck, hug you, and say, ‘‘I love you.’’ You could force them to do that. It doesn’t mean a whole lot. But when you give people the free will to choose to love you, to choose to follow your rules, it is overwhelming to a parent when a child freely chooses to do that. So we have freedom of choice. Some choose to do evil. Some want govern-ments to be all powerful because, in their lack of wisdom, they think that the government needs to be in control of everything and everybody. The late Justice Scalia, who could make me laugh—he loved good jokes and stories like I do. There have been a lot of unpleasant memories, a lot of un-pleasant fights, a lot of fights that I haven’t won, but I stood up for what I believed was right. When I would get around Justice Scalia, having lunch together or break-fast together, we would get to telling stories and jokes, and he was so clever. It was often hard to find a joke or a story he had not heard, but it was just fun to be around him. But in one of those, I think it was a lunch that time, he said: You know, back when I was working for the Attor-ney General—and I don’t remember which Attorney General it was back in the 1970s—he said: We had a weekly meeting, and one morning the Attor-ney General came in, and he said: Well, I was at a cocktail party last night, and for the first time I heard a defini-tion that explained the difference be-tween Democrats and Republicans. He said: I actually think it is pretty good. I think it is very descriptive. He said: What I learned was Demo-crats are people who want to control everybody and everything, and Repub-licans are people who don’t want them to. Well, I found that rather amusing. Actually, that is pretty accurate. Some people on the Republican side of the aisle go: Why don’t we plot and plan as well as the Democrats do? They are al-ways trying to figure out how they get power, how they get over on this and that, and we just want people to live and let live. We want as little govern-ment as necessary to keep order but allow people to succeed with no ceiling, no limit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.057 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9419 November 16, 2017 
But to succeed, you also have to have the opportunity to fail, just like Edi-son did. In the hundreds of things he tried, finding a filament, the element that would heat up and not burn in two to make a light bulb, he knew it would work. Somebody asked him about all those failures, and he said, no, each time he tried something that didn’t work, it wasn’t a failure. He just learned that that is one less thing that might work. But Fisher, who came up with the space pen—I love those space pens. The email still goes around that says that Americans spent $4 million to develop a pen that would work in outer space, government money. Russians just use pencils. Not a dime of government money was used. With an intellect like Fisher, he knew there had to be a way that you could develop a pen that would write in gravity and with no gravity, under-water, above the air—or above the Earth’s atmosphere, so he came up with it. But he knew he was going to have to pressurize a pen, and this is such a cartridge. So he sealed it, put about 30 pounds of pressure. But the trick was finding an ink that didn’t explode out when you put 30 pounds of pressure on it or that was not so thick that it wouldn’t work when you tried to write. Eventu-ally, he was able to do that. Lots of failures, but you have got to allow people a chance to fail if they are going to have a chance to succeed. If the government puts its thumb on the scales, it is not real success, it is not real failure, and, eventually, those cards are going to come falling down. Well, what we have done today with our tax bill, it is a huge step because I know, Mr. Speaker, most folks here are well aware, it is hard to get a majority agreement on much of anything, but we did today. We had a significant ma-jority that agreed. It isn’t perfect. Nothing any human ever does will be, but it moves the ball down the road. One of the things I love about my friend from Texas, K
EVIN BRADY , is I would hear from people back home— and talk to K
EVIN. He is open to talk-ing not just to Texans. He will talk to everybody. And I found that with so many members on the Ways and Means Committee. My friend D
AVID S
CHWEIKERT was always available to answer questions, and he was doing his homework thoroughly. One of the things that has deeply troubled many Americans, and espe-cially seniors, either seniors in poor health or younger Americans who had severe health problems, is, in the ObamaCare bill that was so unaffordable, it changed the deduct-ibility of medical expenses. Before, it was, if you had medical ex-penses, you had a really bad time of it, then our hearts go out to you and we want your life to be a little easier when you are going through so much dif-ficulty with bad health, so the deductibles were any medical expense over 5 percent of your adjusted gross income. In order to come up with the billions and billions of dollars that ObamaCare, I would submit, wasted, they had to cut out some of the deductions like that, so they ended up raising the threshold from 5 percent to 71⁄2, 10 percent. So it has been 10 percent. You had to have more than 10 percent of your adjusted gross income in order to deduct it, but we still had a lot of, especially, seniors who had more than that. I had accountants from home send me information about seniors, particu-larly seniors who had been paying a great deal of medical expense because, no, Medicare didn’t take care of them. And of course we know AARP jumped on the bandwagon for ObamaCare—not because it was going to be good for the seniors. In fact, it was extremely vio-lent to the finances of seniors and to their health, as well. But AARP was more interested in the massive amount of money they could add to their cof-fers, even though they are considered a nonprofit. So they jumped on board, and, of course, companies that sold other policies had to pay a 2 percent tax on each policy. AARP got the sweetheart deal. Their policy they embraced didn’t have to pay the 2 percent tax. And I haven’t seen the provision, but I am told there was a provision that exempted their ex-ecutive so they didn’t have the normal cap on their executive income. So the people at the top of AARP, they did great. Seniors really got harmed, losing $716 billion in cuts to Medicare. But for all those seniors who got harmed, couldn’t get the surgery, couldn’t get the medical help they need, just keep in mind, AARP was able to sell a lot more policies and make a lot more money even though it did a lot of harm to some seniors. Just remember, AARP came out great out of that. But nonetheless, for those of us who were very sympathetic to seniors hav-ing hundreds of billions of dollars cut from Medicare, they heard the Presi-dent say: Now, this isn’t going to affect you seniors at all. It is only going to cut some of the profits from healthcare providers—basically, what was said. But many of my seniors in east Texas figured out: Wait a minute. If you are not going to pay the healthcare pro-vider for my medicine, for my surgery, for what I need, then I am not going to be able to get the procedure, the sur-gery, the healthcare that I need if it is not going to be paid for. So I have had many seniors talk to me about surgeries being delayed or that they couldn’t get the same thing they had before ObamaCare passed. b1430 So we haven’t repealed ObamaCare, but in this bill, we repealed the ObamaCare mandate, the individual mandate. That means that some people who were forced to pay a higher income tax—they didn’t get one of these ridic-ulous insurance policies—they are going to have that much money in their own pocket. If they were paying for a policy that they knew was never going to help them out, they won’t have to buy that. And, of course, the Democrats, for all the Main Street media, will say, ‘‘Oh, look at how many people don’t have in-surance,’’ when the truth is so many of those people chose not to buy insur-ance because they knew it was a ter-rible deal. I still want to see a reform of healthcare, a real reform of healthcare, but that would mean getting away from either insurance companies or the government being between us and our doctors, our healthcare providers. The way you do that is that you make it so attractive to put money in your own health savings account—and I expect us to pass something to make it much easier and much more attractive. It is not in this bill. This was a tax bill—but I am still hopeful that we are going to do a reform of healthcare and repeal, at least most of ObamaCare. I had that hope. And I hoped that today was a start, not only toward getting tax re-form and getting tax relief for Ameri-cans and seeing the economy get going again, but also put back in motion true repeal of ObamaCare and getting healthcare laws in place that will be good for Americans. But how can you have competitive prices in healthcare if nobody knows what these procedures or medicines cost? You see, you get a notice from the healthcare provider—your insur-ance company—that something costs $12,000, but you don’t know that the in-surance company satisfied that $12,000 payment demand with an $800 or $900 payment. But if you knew that if you were paying cash out of your health savings account, a $12,000 procedure would only cost $800, you wouldn’t be so big on paying $2,000 a month to a health insurance company. And these health insurance compa-nies still don’t see that, under ObamaCare, their days are numbered. It was designed to fail. And America gets so mad at health insurance compa-nies because it was built into ObamaCare. Not only were they going to have record profits, like some of them did last year, but they were going to get bailouts on top of their record profits. It was going to make America so mad at the insurance companies that even conservatives would say: Well, I never thought I would say this, but anything has to be better than what we have with these insurance companies. Why don’t we have the government just take over everything? Then, voila, we then have VA healthcare for all Americans, except much worst than the VA provides, be-cause everybody is forced to be in it. I was amazed, as an exchange student in the Soviet Union, to see the type of medical care that was in the Soviet Union in the seventies. I just thanked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.062 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9420 November 16, 2017 
God that we didn’t have that kind of socialized medicine, and we were so much more advanced. But it was clear that physicians, back in the Soviet Union in the seven-ties—I am sure there were some that were really dedicated, but, for most, it was an 8-to-4-, 9-to-5-type job—the fewer people they could see, the better they liked it. But that meant a lot of people waited in long lines, didn’t get seen, had to come back and come back, and they didn’t get the procedures that they needed. Or, like in Canada, a fellow, named Tyler, told me that his dad died of a heart attack after he had been on the list to get bypass surgery for 2 years. I said: Two years? It really took that long? He said: Well, they kept moving peo-ple in front of him. I said: Well, now wait a minute. I un-derstand it is a crime to pay or do any-thing to get yourself moved up the list. He said: Oh, yeah, that is the way I understand it, too. But we had a board that would pick and choose among the American citizens who would go in front, and they kept putting people in front of my dad, who finally had the heart attack and died because the board kept putting people in front of him. That goes back to what Sarah Palin said. She called it a death panel. She was speaking with hyperbole, but the truth is—whether you want to call it a death panel or not—they were making decisions over who would get what; that would mean they lived or died in some occasions, or it meant whether they were going to live in pain or live in comfort. These were government boards making these decisions, just like they used to do in the Soviet Union before it fell. So I see this tax bill today as not only a step in the right direction to get people more money in their own pock-ets they can use to make the economy grow, but I see it also as a step in the right direction toward reforming healthcare again because we eliminate the individual mandate. I still would like to see these further reforms, like I am talking about. I put in a bill, I filed years ago, that healthcare providers would have to post, at least at their facility, but cer-tainly online, if they were online—and now it ought to be a requirement—post exactly what you charge an individual paying cash, an individual with Blue Cross, or Aetna, or whatever it is. Let people know exactly what things cost. Don’t send a $15,000 bill for going into the hospital that you know you are going to accept $1,000 as payment in full from an insurance company. If you are going to accept $1,000 for a $15,000 bill, then say it costs $1,000. If we could require everybody to post exactly what things cost, they wouldn’t be in such an all-fired hurry to make sure that they had insurance, other than catastrophic, really cata-strophic insurance. Because instead of paying $2,000 a month to an insurance company—$24,000 a year—well, they would be better off paying $1,500 as payment in full for $15,000 in charges. We still have a good ways to go, but you don’t get anywhere until you take that first step, and today was a giant step, in my opinion. I didn’t realize, until I saw this no-tice from the Farm Bureau, but the headline says: ‘‘House Poised to Take up Farm Bureau-Supported Tax Bill.’’ It was good to see that. Another article from Heritage Ac-tion: ‘‘House tax plan propels reform forward.’’ FOX News has an article, by Newt Gingrich: ‘‘House and Senate tax plans have more in common than you think.’’ That makes some excellent points. It is good news all the way around. It is a step in the right direction. I am hopeful that some of the things we disagree on, we are going to be able to work out with the Senate. One of those things, like I mentioned, the Senate, as I understand it, their bill currently has an allowance for deduc-tions of medical expense beyond 10 per-cent. Hopefully, we can eventually do better than that and get it back from where ObamaCare put it, maybe back to 5 percent, at some point. But we have seniors on fixed in-comes, and Medicare doesn’t cover what they are needing in the way of healthcare, and they are being over-whelmed by medical expense. Once again, I think if we can get some re-forms in—it doesn’t have to be a total reform of healthcare, but just get some things in there—even if we can’t get the total repeal because of the Senate’s recalcitrance, at least let’s get some reforms to get people the help they need. I would also like to address the issue of the Roy Moore allegations. Having prosecuted sexual assault crimes, I have even been forced against my will—but you get an order, and you fol-low the order to defend sexual assault crimes—in one case finding that a trumped-up case against my African- American client was totally bogus, trumped-up, and we were able to prove irrefutably as such. But sexual assault allegations are a very dangerous thing. We have in America what we call statute of limi-tations on most crimes. The reason we have statute of limitations on most crimes is because if you are going to be accused of something, it needs to be made in a timely manner, so that if you are going to accuse somebody of committing a crime, they have a chance to find witnesses. One of the very reasons that there are statutes of limitations on crimes like sexual assault is that if you wait 38 years to accuse somebody of a sexual assault, it is almost impossible to prove exactly where you were. And I have heard some people in the Senate say: Oh, well, there are just so much specifics coming out that it just seems irrefutable. Well, usually people’s memories wane over the period of three to four decades on times and exact places. And I know, from my days as a judge, sent many rapists and sexual assaulters to prison for many years, including life, I was particularly hard on people who com-mitted sexual assault crimes because they violate so much more than just a physical violation. It is an abominable crime. But we have limitations. So if some-body makes an allegation against you that you did such and such at 2 in the afternoon on such and such afternoon, and it was at this particular location, and these people were not around, I mean, if you put a bunch of specifics in there, within a year, then the indi-vidual being charged can go back to his calendar, or her calendar, and see: Okay, on that day, oh, I wasn’t even in that city, I was over here in this city, I was in court across town, I was not even where that happened. So I can bring in and show—not just raise a rea-sonable doubt—but show absolutely for sure that never happened. That is why we have limitations. I would just encourage people that when they hear alleged factual allega-tions that occurred decades previously, no matter how many specifics are thrown in, reserve judgment, and give it a chance to get all of the facts in. That is why, in every single case I have tried as a judge—and there were thousands of felony cases that came be-fore my court—but in every single case I tried, after the prosecution finished, I then turned to the defense for their chance to submit evidence. It is why, after every witness testified for the prosecution, I turned to the defense at-torney and gave them a chance to cross examine. And there were times I heard charges that, in my mind, were so outrageous, but I knew we have a system in place to protect innocent people from spu-rious allegations, and we have to go through the process, including an ap-peal, after the trial. And I have re-viewed many appeals as an appellate chief justice. You have got to let the process play out. And any time somebody comes running in and wants somebody tried in the court of public opinion, and they are only going to give them 3 or 4 weeks, then immediately that should be suspect. Not that it can’t be proved out as true, but it should immediately be suspect because these people tried to game the system. They didn’t want to give enough time for the ones allegedly committing an offense to prepare a de-fense. b1445 They didn’t want to give adequate time to investigate, even after 38 years. How do you go back 38 years later and say: Gee, where was I? I don’t have a calendar that goes back that far. I don’t know if I was in town, if I was out of the country. I don’t know where I was. Gee, it seems like around that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.064 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9421 November 16, 2017 
time. Maybe I was here or there. I don’t know. The odds of being able to mount a proper defense three or four decades after something allegedly happened is just almost impossible. So all you can do to defend yourself— and I am speaking hypothetically. If somebody, hypothetically, made out-rageous allegations against you, and, you know, I know I never did that, how do I prove it? Well, you are not going to be able to find witnesses to say where you were at that specific moment in time because you don’t even remember where you were. How will you find a witness that will back you up? And if you do find a witness who can say, ‘‘Oh, I remember that very sec-ond,’’ 38 years later, ‘‘this is where he was,’’ then that witness becomes sus-pect because you just don’t remember like that. So I hope, Mr. Speaker, that people will allow an election to go forward with the parties the people have chosen and give time for all the facts to come out. I like Roy Moore, and I appreciate the man of faith that he is. I think the election needs to go forward just as it is. I think we should not intervene in Congress, and we should let the people of Alabama decide, based on proven facts, not on some last-minute attack. We should give time for all of the facts to come out, not just the facts that have been set up over the last sev-eral months, in all likelihood, in prepa-ration for being able to blindside a can-didate, so you have all the facts and you can keep slipping stuff out day after day; because it could very well end up just like Ted Stevens’ case, where at least one FBI agent and a prosecutor created a case that not only had reasonable doubt about it, but it was absolutely false. Senator Ted Stevens was not the most lovable guy. He was kind of a crotchety guy when I was around him. It wasn’t very often. They accused him of not filing notice about a hundreds- of-thousands-of-dollars gift improve-ment onto a home he had. The FBI—at least some in the FBI, as was borne out by the affidavit by an FBI officer who actually had a con-science, not like his superior FBI agent lead investigator. They fabricated evi-dence. They hid evidence. The evidence that they had gotten when they served warrants, went to his home, took every piece of paper, every bank record, ev-erything he had, computers, all this, raided the bank, got all their informa-tion, got any notes and things, he didn’t have the evidence to defend him-self because the FBI got it all. A guy named Robert Mueller was the head of the FBI. This was probably the biggest case that went through the FBI while he was Director, at least one of them. He saw to it that the FBI agent that blew the whistle and pointed out that they have evidence that shows that Ted Stevens not only did not get a free hundreds-of-thousands-of-dol-lars, $600,000-, $700,000-addition to his house, that he paid hundreds of thou-sands of dollars more than that. Appar-ently, there was some communication between the contractor and Senator Stevens saying: You are overpaying. Quit overpaying. Senator Stevens said: No. No. I am strong-willed in the Senate, so I have always got people looking to try to make something up, so I have to over-pay. The man overpaid. The FBI, under Mueller, fabricated a case. They tried it the week before the election, and there was a reason for that. They tried it the week before the election. They got a conviction. He lost the election, I think it was by 1,200 votes or so. After he had lost the election, there was no way to rewind that clock. He was out of the Senate. The Democrats got the seat. They sure didn’t care that they won the seat based on a lie, a fraudulent case brought by the U.S. Government. They didn’t care. They were glad to have the seat. It is kind of like Senator Harry Reid said after he made false accusations against Mitt Romney that he hadn’t paid any taxes, and when he was asked about it later after Mr. Romney lost the election, his response was basi-cally: Well, it worked, didn’t it? He had no remorse for destroying a man’s reputation falsely without any evidence or with manufactured evi-dence, lies. No remorse, just: It worked, because we got the seat. And I have a feeling that, when the smoke clears and we find all of the evi-dence that is left after 38 years, we are going to find that there was a problem not as much with Roy Moore as there was with the accusers, but we need to wait and see. Nobody needs to be rushed to trial. We have a system of government that prevents somebody from being pun-ished by the government, but the fact is the government is being used to try to punish Roy Moore. Let’s say, hypothetically, you were an establishment leader in the Senate and you have been pushing for am-nesty. You didn’t want illegal immi-gration stopped, because there are do-nors that give a lot of money that want illegal immigration to continue. You wanted amnesty, and you know in the Attorney General’s Office you have a guy there, regardless of things you dis-agree on, who has really cracked down on illegal immigration. You know you have got a guy that just won the primary in a State, and you spent tens of millions of dollars trying to destroy the guy in the pri-mary and it didn’t work. He won. So it looks like he is about to win the elec-tion, the general election, even though you are in his same party. I am just thinking hypothetically. Certainly none of this would be true, surely, but, wow, what a great deal if somebody made accusations, true or not true, against the guy that you tried to destroy with millions of dol-lars, that, you know, if he is elected, he is going to come in. He is not going to be your best friend because you called him everything in the book; you tried to destroy him. So, wow, even though he is in your own party, maybe you would be better off if you had a Democrat you feel like you could work with that was more es-tablishment than the guy that you tried to destroy, that, if he would have gotten along with you—probably not now because you went after him so strongly—what if you could have that guy taken out with allegations, wheth-er true or not, and then you could kill a number of birds. You know that Steve Bannon has said he is going to war after you. Wow. And Bannon went all in to support this guy in his primary and this election, so if his candidate gets destroyed, you have just destroyed his ability to raise money. And then on top of that, if you could talk the unsuspecting President into talking his Attorney General into leav-ing that post to try to go to the Sen-ate, wow, you get rid of the guy that has gotten tough on illegal immigra-tion, you get rid of the guy that has been raising money and going against the establishment, and you get rid of the guy that you tried to destroy with tens of millions of dollars even though he was in your own party—I am just saying, hypothetically. Maybe it would make for a good fic-tion novel someday, and maybe there is somebody out there writing that novel, but I am just saying, what if. Wow. What a novel piece of fiction that might be some day. Maybe we would see it in a movie someday. Maybe the Senator would even be from the South. I also know, having been a district judge, I signed everything original. I know there are some judges that don’t sign their orders; they just let some-body stamp. I made clear the day I became a dis-trict judge that nobody is stamping my signature on anything; if it is a stamp, it is going to be clear that it is a stamp, that anything that has got to be originally signed, I am going to sign it. Now, as I understand it, Judge Moore signed things originally, but on other things, on copies—we would put a stamped signature and note that it was a copy. But his, they either stamped or his assistant wrote his signature, and because the assistant’s name had ini-tials D.A., put ‘‘D.A.’’ out beside his name to denote that he didn’t origi-nally sign this. This was the assistant on his behalf. So litigants would nor-mally get a copy and not the original, of course, unless you make multiple originals. I wondered when I saw in the year-book the picture of the signature, I thought: DA? I didn’t think he was ever a DA. Well, he wasn’t. He was assistant DA. He was a district judge. He was a chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.066 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9422 November 16, 2017 
justice of the supreme court there in Alabama. He was never the DA. It is interesting, if someone believed that a guy molested their minor daugh-ter and that person later had a divorce pending in that guy’s court, I know I would certainly ask for a different court. There is no way I would let a judge who molested my child have any jurisdiction over my divorce. If I had never brought out about the alleged molestation before, I would certainly do it then. People would need to know that the judge in that court, and par-ticularly the judge on my divorce, was a child molester. They would need to know. If you don’t let people know at that point, you are basically an accomplice. You are allowing this assaulter out there to continue whatever he may be doing to others. You need to come for-ward and report it. It is not a crime not to report it, but it needs to be reported, and certainly if that person goes on the bench. It must have been quite a realization for Judge Moore when he saw that ‘‘D.A.’’ and realized: Somebody has forged what they thought was my sig-nature, when it was really my assist-ant, and that is why the assistant put ‘‘D.A.’’ out there, to denote that I didn’t sign that. Wow. That must have been quite a feeling for the judge. There is a story from Joel Pollak on November 16, ‘‘Gloria Allred’s Blunder on Roy Moore’s Yearbook Challenge,’’ that talks about that. There is another story by John Nolte, also November 16, ‘‘Journalist Leann Tweeden Accuses Senator Al Franken of Fondling, Kissing Her Without Con-sent.’’ I don’t know where that is going to lead. I don’t know whether the same people will demand his ouster or not. Maybe we need to wait and see if the photograph is forged or if it was photoshopped, something like that. b1500 There is just so much going on, but the bottom line is, today, we have taken a big step toward making Amer-ica great again. It is not the 15 percent tax I had hoped it would be. In fact, people have got to understand that my friend, Steve Moore, who used to be the senior economics editor for The Wall Street Journal, helped President Trump as an economic adviser. Steve told me a number of times that he likes my definition of corporate tax better than any. But my definition describes what a corporate tax really is, especially the U.S. corporate tax: 35 percent. It is the largest tariff any modern country has ever put on its own goods or services, because, let’s face it, when we put a corporate tax on a company, and 35 percent, they are going to have to put that on their products. If they don’t collect that tax on top of the cost of the product, they are going to go out of business. That has got to be added to the cost of the goods or services. When you look at all the businesses and all the huge manufacturing plants in America that have closed down, and you look at what they were doing be-fore they closed down and you deduct that 35 percent corporate tax or, I would submit, tariff, they could have been selling their product competi-tively not just in America, but prob-ably in places all over the world. In-stead of having to close their doors, they could have kept producing and ex-panding, but for that huge tariff that was put on their own goods. Most countries are smart enough not to put a tariff on what their own com-panies make before they ship them out. But we have been doing that. So why have we been doing that? Because it was a great way, people in Congress thought, to raise revenue. You tell people this mean, evil cor-poration was paying this tax. We really put it over on this corporation. We made them pay all this tax. No. What you did was add 35 percent to the cost of their products that they had to figure in somehow to cover that, in addition to what it cost to manufac-ture; and you have made them non-competitive, here or abroad, and that is why they had to close. That is why I love the idea of either eliminating the tariff or at least get-ting it down to 15 percent so we under-cut the 17 or so percent that China has. If we undercut their tariff on their own goods, goods produced in China, then those manufacturers are coming back. I have been amazed that reporters have asked, when I would talk about this publicly: But how are you going to make up for all of that lost income? They didn’t understand, yeah, you are not collecting it as corporate tax, but now you are collecting directly from the people. So it is not a hidden, insidious tax. There are more jobs, and they are paying more money, and the economy is growing and hiring more people. There are more jobs, more in-come, and more income tax, and it is better for everybody. But the forces of greed around this country and around this town like to try to convince people they are really sticking it to somebody else, when the truth is that the individuals are going to end up paying it, wherever it is, or the company is not going to stay in business. I would rather them stay in business, add jobs, and give raises. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). The gentleman from Texas has 10 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. So in the last 10 min-utes I have here, this will be the last session before Thanksgiving Day. I am greatly disturbed that we have so many young people in America who can’t explain what Thanksgiving Day is, why it was originally started, who thanks was given to. Many thought it was to the Indians, but it was not. This is a declaration, May 2, 1778, to troops at Valley Forge: ‘‘The Com-mander in Chief directs that divine service be performed ever Sunday at 11 o’clock in those brigade to which there are chaplains—those which have none to attend the places of worship nearest to them. It is expected that officers of all ranks will, by their attendance, set an example to their men. ‘‘While we are zealously performing the duties of good citizens and soldiers, we certainly ought not to be inatten-tive to the higher duties of religion. To the distinguished character of patriot, it should be our highest glory to laud the more distinguished character of Muslim’’—I am sorry. It says, ‘‘Chris-tian.’’ George Washington said that the highest glory of a patriot soldier would be the more distinguished character of a Christian. It was an order he gave. So I know people are saying this is totally appropriate now, and they won-der why evil seems to keep growing in America. But as we look where we came from and we look at what prior leaders did to defeat the forces of evil that are here in this world—and will be as long as it is here in this form—it seems like there is a correlation be-tween when the country is praying to God and asking for his protection and blessing, and when evil seems to be growing. Thomas Jefferson, in 1781, noted, and it is engraved in his memorial: ‘‘The God who gave us life gave us liberty. Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are the gift of God, that they are not to be violated but with his wrath? ‘‘Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just, that His justice cannot sleep forever.’’ That is Thomas Jefferson. John Quincy Adams, on September 26, 1810, wrote a letter to his son, the U.S. Minister at Saint Petersburg: ‘‘So great is my veneration for the Bible, and so strong my belief that, when duly read and meditated on, it is of all books in the world that which contrib-utes most to make men good, wise, and happy.’’ Former President nominated Su-preme Court by James Madison, and this on March 30, 1863, by Abraham Lincoln, a great Republican. Lincoln said: ‘‘It is the duty of nations, as well as of men, to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God to confess their sins and transgressions in humble sorrow, yet with assured hope that genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon, and to recognize the sublime truth announced in the Holy Scriptures and proven by all history, that those nations are only blessed whose God is the Lord.’’ This is Lincoln’s written word: ‘‘We have forgotten God. We have forgotten the gracious hand which preserved us in peace and multiplied and enriched and strengthened us. And we have vain-ly imagined, in the deceitfulness of our hearts, that all these blessings were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.067 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9423 November 16, 2017 
produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own. Intoxicated with un-broken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to God that made us. ‘‘It behooves us, then, to humble our-selves before the offended power, to confess our national sins, and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.’’ That was a national proclamation by Abraham Lincoln. Thank God that a majority of Americans participated in that and prayed to God. In his second inaugural, he is talking about North and South. It is inscribed on the inside north wall of the Lincoln Memorial. About half to two-thirds of the way through there, in the middle, he is talking about North and South. He said: ‘‘Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God. The prayers of both could not be answered. That of neither has been answered fully. The Almighty has His own purposes. ‘Woe unto the world because of of-fenses. . . .’ Yet, if God wills that it continue until all the wealth piled by the bondsman’s 250 years of unrequited toil shall be sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said 3,000 years ago, so still it must be said ‘the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous alto-gether.’’’ I want to finish with this from John F. Kennedy. He was talking at the lighting of the Christmas tree; but at a time of Thanksgiving, it is certainly appropriate. He said: ‘‘With the light-ing of this tree, which is an old cere-mony in Washington and one which has been among the most important re-sponsibilities of a good many Presi-dents of the United States, we initiate, in a formal way, the Christmas season. We mark the festival of Christmas, which is the most sacred and hopeful day in our civilization. ‘‘For nearly 2,000 years, the message of Christmas, the message of peace and good will towards all men, has been the guiding star of our endeavors. ‘‘This morning, I had a meeting at the White House, which included some of our representatives from far-off countries in Africa and Asia. They were returning to their posts for the Christmas holidays. Talking with them, I was struck by the fact that, in the far-off continents, Muslims, Hin-dus, Buddhists, as well as Christians, pause from their labors on the 25th day of December to celebrate the birthday of the Prince of Peace. ‘‘There could be no more striking proof that Christmas is truly the uni-versal holiday of men. It is the day when all of us dedicate our thoughts to others; when all are reminded that mercy and compassion are the endur-ing virtues; when all show, by small deeds and large, and by acts, that it is more blessed to give than to receive. It is the day when we remind ourselves that man can and must live in peace with his neighbors, and it is the peace-makers who are truly blessed. ‘‘In this year of 1962, we greet each other at Christmas with some special sense of blessing of the peace.’’ Mr. Speaker, this period of Thanks-giving that we will have in the next week will, hopefully, be a time when we will come back together more as a nation; when we will bind our hearts in prayer and Thanksgiving and ask for God’s protection, as our greatest Presi-dents did. And I know those prayers will be answered. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward a sitting Senator. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate agrees to the report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Sen-ate to the bill (H.R. 2810) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 15, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 1679. To ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 3 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, November 17, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3181. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Office of Thrift Su-pervision Regulations received November 15, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3182. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Dis-ability Rights Office, Consumer and Govern-mental Affairs Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Access to Tele-communication Equipment and Services by Persons with Disabilities [CG Docket No.: 13- 46]; Amendment of the Commission’s Rules Governing Hearing Aid-Compatible Mobile Handsets [WT Docket No.: 07-250]; Comment Sought on 2010 Review of Hearing Aid Com-patibility Regulations [WT Docket No.: 10- 254] received November 15, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3183. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Schools and Li-braries Universal Service Support Mecha-nism [CC Docket No.: 02-6] received Novem-ber 15, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3184. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-51, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3185. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-67, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3186. A letter from the Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report to Congress prepared by the Office of Inspec-tor General for the Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for the six- month period ending September 30, 2017, pur-suant to the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3187. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s semiannual report covering the period of April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017, pur-suant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3188. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Farm Credit Ad-ministration Performance and Account-ability Report for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3189. A letter from the Board Chairman, Audit Committee Chairman, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s consolidated report to the President, pursuant to the Federal Man-agers’ Financial Integrity Act and the In-spector General Act of 1978; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3190. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the 30th Annual Report of Accomplishment under the Airport Improvement Program for Fiscal Years 2014-2016, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 47131(a); Public Law 103-272, Sec. 1(e) (as amended by Public Law 112-95, Sec. 152(c)); (126 Stat. 34); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.069 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9424 November 16, 2017 
for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2907. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to develop and publish an all-of-the-above quadrennial Federal on-shore energy production strategy to meet do-mestic energy needs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–413). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2706. A bill to provide re-quirements for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or order-ing a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for ad-ditional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Re-form, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–414). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4182. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to posi-tions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–415). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-self, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. B
ERA, and Mr. D OGGETT ): H.R. 4416. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to remove barriers for stu-dents seeking Federal financial aid by reduc-ing the complexity and length of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and increasing support for working students and vulnerable populations; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 4417. A bill to amend the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Con-trol Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4418. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for a dem-onstration program to facilitate the clinical adoption of pregnancy intention screening initiatives by health care providers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself and Mr. R
EICHERT ): H.R. 4419. A bill to facilitate and stream-line the Bureau of Reclamation and Bureau of Indian Affairs processes for creating or ex-panding certain water projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C UM-MINGS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK ): H.R. 4420. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 to address critical conserva-tion conditions under the regional conserva-tion partnership program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, and Mr. S MUCKER ): H.R. 4421. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, with respect to vehicle weight limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 4422. A bill to amend section 1951 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the Hobbs Act), and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and Mr. H ENSARLING ): H.R. 4423. A bill to limit claims under Fed-eral law seeking judicial review of any envi-ronmental impact statement, environmental review, or authorization for the Lower Bois d’Arc Creek Reservoir Project in Fannin County, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUM (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 4424. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an exclusion from gross income for interest on certain small business loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4425. A bill to reform the safety net for farmers and ranchers, enhance soil, water, and habitat conservation, encourage beginning farmers and ranchers, strengthen nutrition for Americans, support agriculture research and innovation, reduce food waste, improve animal welfare, and invest in re-gional food systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S OTO, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P
OLIS, and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD ): H.R. 4426. A bill to reform Federal onshore and offshore fossil fuel leasing, exploration, and development; promote renewable energy on public lands; prepare for the impacts of climate change; increase industry account-ability; improve returns to taxpayers for the development of Federal energy resources; and protect special places, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia): H.R. 4427. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the diver-sity immigrant program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself and Mr. BYRNE ): H.R. 4428. A bill to amend the War Powers Resolution to transfer to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives the responsibilities assigned under such Resolution to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BERGMAN (for himself, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. U
PTON ): H.R. 4429. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reissue a rule relating to ex-tension of the expiration dates for double- crested cormorant depredation orders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 4430. A bill to provide temporary di-rect hire authority for certain emergency re-sponse positions; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. H IG-
GINS of Louisiana, Mr. G OMEZ , and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 4431. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest pay-ments by agencies in the case of administra-tive error in processing certain annuity de-posits for prior military service; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 4432. A bill to amend section 1018 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Re-duction Act of 1992 to make violators of such section liable to residents and invitees of target housing for such violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. CORREA (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 4433. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to achieve secu-rity of sensitive assets among the compo-nents of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CUELLAR (for himself, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. A
GUILAR ): H.R. 4434. A bill to enforce current law re-garding the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. K
ILDEE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.002 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9425 November 16, 2017 
H.R. 4435. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award Early College Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 4436. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating Caguana Indige-nous Ceremonial Park and Tibes Indigenous Ceremonial Center, as units of the National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , and Ms. M CSALLY ): H.R. 4437. A bill to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the pay-ment of back pay and allowances to certain members of the Armed Forces who are guilty of desertion and to use the amount of any such unpaid pay and allowances to provide additional compensation to other members of the Armed Forces who were killed or wounded during missions to search for the missing members; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. B
ABIN): H.R. 4438. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to waive a prohibition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH (for him-self, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. C UELLAR ): H.R. 4439. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes, the Bank Service Company Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and the Home Owners’ Loan Act to clarify that the role of the insured depository institution as lender and the location of an insured deposi-tory institution under applicable law are not affected by any contract between the institu-tion and a third party service provider, and to clarify that Federal preemption of State usury laws applies to any loan to which an insured depository institution is the party to which the debt is initially owed according to its terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4440. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to retain and redistribute certain amounts collected as fines; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4441. A bill to amend the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 to prohibit certain waivers and exemptions from emergency prepared-ness and response and security regulations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4442. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts for the storage of certain high-level radio-active waste and spent nuclear fuel, take title to certain high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, and make certain ex-penditures from the Nuclear Waste Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alas-ka, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. C OLE, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 4443. A bill to extend the full Federal medical assistance percentage to Urban In-dian organizations; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ELA, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 4444. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Reha-bilitation Trust Fund, to establish a Pension Rehabilitation Administration within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 4445. A bill to require air carriers to create and make available a concise docu-ment regarding air passenger rights; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 4446. A bill to amend the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 4447. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service pro-viders regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 4448. A bill to provide for an exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land in the State of Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 4449. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C OOK, and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 4450. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide additional edu-cational assistance under the Post-9/11 GI Bill for veterans pursuing a degree in science, technology, engineering, or math; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H.R. 4451. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. BUDD, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. B
ABIN): H.J. Res. 121. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to parental rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself and Ms. N
OR-
TON): H. Res. 625. A resolution supporting the goals, activities, and ideals of Prematurity Awareness Month; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H. Res. 626. A resolution commending Turkish Americans nationwide for their rich contributions to the diversity of society, cul-ture, economy, and civic life in the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. K
IND, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. W
ELCH ): H. Res. 627. A resolution recognizing that access to hospitals and other health care providers for patients in rural areas of the United States is essential to the survival and success of communities in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 628. A resolution recognizing the Transgender Day of Remembrance; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG: H. Res. 629. A resolution recognizing No-vember 19, 2017 as ‘‘A Day in Honor of Women Entrepreneurs’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 4416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States...’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.100 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9426 November 16, 2017 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 4419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 4420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 4421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 4422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 4423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rule and Regula-tions respecting the Territory of other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 4427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: The Congress shall have Power To . . . establish an uni-form Rule of Naturalization By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 4428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BERGMAN: H.R. 4429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—Congress shall have Power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers and all other pwers vested by this constitution in the government of the United State, or in any Department or Officer therof. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 4430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 4431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 4433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CUELLAR: H.R. 4434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. FASO: H.R. 4435. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 4436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 1 of the Constitution of the United States of America All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-tives. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 4437. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 14 gives Con-gress the authority to ‘‘make rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces’’ By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 4438. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 4439. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4440. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4441. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4442. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 4443. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4444. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes as enumerated in Article I, Section 8. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 4445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, United States Constitution. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 4446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article IV Section 3, Congress shall have Power to dispose and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 4447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 4448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 4449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States); Clause 7 (relating to Post Offices and post Roads); and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). United States Constitution, Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-tory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 4450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Title 38, United States Code By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 4451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 12, 13, 14, and 18 of Section 8 of Ar-ticle 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.J. Res. 121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article V. ‘‘The Congress, whenever two- thirds of both Houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution . . .’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.015 H16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9427 November 16, 2017 
H.R. 113: Mr. H IMES, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. C
LYBURN . H.R. 158: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 216: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 233: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 377: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 398: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 525: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 547: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 548: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 619: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 620: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 846: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 947: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 993: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1120: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1153: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1155: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1164: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1178: Mr. J
ONES , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 1192: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 1246: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 1328: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1357: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 1377: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1444: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1472: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1474: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1496: Mr. M
CCARTHY . H.R. 1498: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1515: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1676: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1681: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1889: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1903: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1912: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1957: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 1987: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2095: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2119: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2147: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 2152: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. B
UCK, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. C HABOT , and Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 2234: Mr. Y
ARMUTH and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 2259: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2315: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 2412: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2452: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2475: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. A
GUILAR , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 2477: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2482: Mr. K
ING of Iowa and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 2514: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. K EATING , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2575: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2633: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2644: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2653: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2687: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2709: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2740: Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. SIRES, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2926: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2938: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2942: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2972: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2973: Mr. B
ABIN and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 3034: Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3079: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 3174: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3222: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 3238: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3299: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 3302: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 3316: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3327: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3349: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3397: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 3401: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3444: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 3447: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 3464: Mr. E
VANS , Ms. C LARK of Massa- chusetts, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 3497: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3510: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3513: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3530: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3541: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 3550: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3635: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 3637: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3692: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 3759: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. H ECK, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. M
ULLIN , and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 3760: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3773: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 3790: Mr. B
UDDand Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3792: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3798: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3848: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 3871: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3906: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3918: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 3978: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 3988: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 3994: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 4007: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4013: Mr. S
ABLAN and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 4022: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. T
ROTT , and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4058: Mr. N
UNES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K
IND, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 4059: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 4077: Mr. REED, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4082: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 4099: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 4101: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. W
ALBERG , Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 4131: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4172: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4186: Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 4202: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4207: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4222: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 4237: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 4253: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4254: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4258: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4272: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4274: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
AVIDSON , and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 4279: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4306: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 4311: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 4320: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4321: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4327: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4340: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 4384: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 4392: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4398: Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4413: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. A RRINGTON . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
RIST, and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.J. Res. 120: Mr. E
VANS . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. R
OYCE of California and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Con. Res. 91: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 58: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 367: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 428: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H. Res. 466: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 495: Mr. M
OULTON . H. Res. 570: Mr. H
OLDING . H. Res. 576: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H. Res. 603: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C LAY, and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H. Res. 604: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. F ASO, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. S IMPSON . H. Res. 614: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H. Res. 620: Mr. E
NGEL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.024 H16NOPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7269 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2017 No. 188 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable L
U-
THER STRANGE , a Senator from the State of Alabama. 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s opening prayer will be offered by Rev. Adrian Brooks, senior pastor at Memo-rial Baptist Church in Evansville, IN. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Let us pray. O God, we first thank You for an-other day of life. We thank You for an-other chance to bring joy and oppor-tunity to someone else’s journey. Lord, guide these public servants within the United States Senate. Please lead them as they lead us to a better and more peaceful landscape. Create, O God, within all of us, the zeal to make our communities around this country more stable. Remove from us any personal animosity that might prevent us from acting as my brother and sister’s keep-er. We ask Your healing on those Mem-bers of this legislative body who are in-jured or sick. We ask, O Lord, that You would ex-tend comfort and peace to those fami-lies who have been affected by the trag-edy in Sutherland Springs, TX. Even in the midst of this tragedy, we thank You, O God, that those 26 fellow so-journers are in Your loving presence, a celestial place where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary always find rest. Lord, bless our President. Give him, O God, the wisdom and insight to move us toward a more unified and loving Union. May we become, O God, more united in the things that bring us to-gether and reject the smaller things that drive us apart. Help us to catch the spirit of those who wrote the Dec-laration of Independence. They knew then, and we know now, that this was something splendid and august and powerful. O God, You have brought us to this critical moment. Let us not lean on our own understanding, but help us, O God, to let Your Spirit take the reins of our hearts and minds. Make us more innovative and less reactive. Let the creative genius that is part of the American fabric take over the urban and rural American landscape. We pray now, O God, that the diversity and in-clusion of people and ideas become our strength and not our wedge. Now, Lord, help us to live by our faith and not by our fears. Help us to face the future with a trust in You and confidence in America’s bright, glad tomorrow. Lord, we know that if we trust You, our best days as a nation are waiting on us. It is in Your powerful and majestic Name that we pray. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 16, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable L
UTHER STRANGE , a Senator from the State of Alabama, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. STRANGE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, during the past decade, many in the middle class struggled to make ends meet. The economy was sluggish, pay-checks were often stagnant, and jobs for many were too hard to find—per-haps not on the coasts, where the well- to-do were able to flourish under the Obama economy—but in middle Amer-ica, in States like Kentucky, the pain was real. Hard-working families across the country deserved better. They continue to deserve an economy that reaches for its true potential, one in which more Americans can find a good job to sup-port their families and achieve the American dream. So now this is our chance to set a new course. This is our opportunity to jump-start the economy and boost job growth. Passing tax reform is the sin-gle most important thing we can do right now to support those left behind by the Obama economy. Though obvious, it is worth repeat-ing: Our Nation’s Tax Code is broken. First, the rates are too high. Ameri-cans are sending too much of their hard-earned money to Uncle Sam. Sec-ond, the structure is too complicated for most Americans to understand, and it is too easy for the wealthy and well- connected to exploit. Third, the incen-tives are often outdated or simply make no sense at all—like those that actually encourage American jobs and companies to move overseas. That is bad for our country, bad for the middle class, and bad for small business. In my home State of Kentucky, a small business CEO wrote a column in a publication about her experiences with our broken tax system, calling for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.000 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7270 November 16, 2017 
tax reform to fix it. Here is what she said: 
The federal government takes too much. Our small businesses—which according to the U.S. Small Business Administration total 96.5 percent of Kentucky’s employers— often face the greatest tax burden. 
This Kentuckian continued: 
If we want better lives for the nearly 700,000 employees across the [C]ommonwealth who work for small enter-prises, we must lift this weight off their backs. 
Small businesses deserve a tax code that works for them. Middle-class fam-ilies and individuals deserve the same. That is why we are working so hard to enact tax reform. Over in the Senate Finance Committee, Chairman H
ATCH  has laid down a tax reform proposal that is premised on a single idea; that we should take more money out of Washington’s pockets and put more money in the pockets of the middle class. It cuts taxes for middle-class fami-lies. It doubles the child tax credit. This plan does a lot of things, includ-ing providing relief for businesses so they can create more jobs here in America and then keep them here. The Nation’s leading small business advo-cacy organization endorsed this legis-lation, saying that it ‘‘will provide much needed tax relief to enable small businesses to grow and create jobs.’’ There is another important provision of the Finance Committee’s tax reform proposal as well. It will deliver relief to low- and moderate-income families by repealing ObamaCare’s individual man-date tax. In other words, we can deliver even more relief to the middle class by repealing an unpopular tax from an un-workable law. It just makes sense. I would like to once again thank Chairman H
ATCH for his commitment to an open process and regular order. The Finance Committee will report a bill soon. Before it does, however, it will continue to consider a number of amendments from both sides of the aisle. In fact, the chairman’s modified mark already incorporated amend-ments from both Republican and Democratic members of the com-mittee. I look forward to the Finance Com-mittee completing its work on this cru-cial legislation very soon. As it does, our colleagues in the House will con-tinue working on their own tax reform legislation. I commend Chairman B
RADY and the members of the Ways and Means Committee for their efforts. I look forward to the full House passing their bill. Once both Chambers pass their tax reform bills, we will keep working to-gether to get a bill to President Trump’s desk for his signature. I am also grateful to Chairman M
UR-
KOWSKI and members of the Senate En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee for reporting bipartisan legislation yes-terday to secure our Nation’s energy future. By further exploring the re-sponsible development of Alaska’s re-sources, this bill can help grow our economy, support high-paying jobs, and strengthen our national security. I look forward to promoting American energy independence through this leg-islation. f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. On another mat-ter, today, the Senate will continue to fulfill its important responsibility of providing advice and consent on Presi-dent Trump’s nominations. So far this week, we have confirmed talented indi-viduals to important positions in the Departments of Transportation, Labor, and Defense. Yesterday, the Senate advanced the nomination of Joseph Otting to serve as Comptroller of the Currency. Mr. Otting’s experience as a leader in var-ious financial agencies has helped pre-pare him to serve in this new role. I look forward to voting to confirm him later today. Next, the Senate will consider two well-qualified nominees to serve on Federal district courts. Donald Coggins and Dabney Friedrich both have the ex-perience and temperament to excel as judges. Both of these individuals have stellar legal credentials. Their careers demonstrate a serious commitment to the law, and by confirming them both, the Senate will continue to ensure the Federal judiciary fulfills its particular role in our constitutional system. I would like to thank Chairman G
RASSLEY for his leadership of the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee, which re-ported both of these nominees on a voice vote. I look forward to advancing their nominations very soon. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the Otting nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader. 
f 
AMENDING THE FEDERAL FOOD, DRUG, AND COSMETIC ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that, notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate proceed to the imme-diate consideration of H.R. 4374, which was received from the House. I further ask consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; further, that at a time to be determined be-tween the majority leader and the Democratic leader, the Chair lay before the Senate the conference report to ac-company H.R. 2810, and the Senate vote on the adoption of the conference re-port with no intervening action or de-bate. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The bill (H.R. 4374) to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other purposes, was considered, ordered to a third read-ing, read the third time, and passed. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDER—Continued 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as the Senate Finance Committee continues to mark up the Senate Republican tax bill, the House will take a vote this afternoon on their version of the bill. There are plenty of reasons for House Republicans to vote against this bill. For those who care about deficits, you should vote no because the bill in-creases deficits by over $1.5 trillion, likely more. Any deficit hawk should be against this increase. Any defense hawk should be wary of this bill for the same reason. High defi-cits make it harder to fund important priorities like the military. This morn-ing, three former Defense Secretaries— Leon Panetta, Chuck Hagel, and Ash Carter—penned a letter warning that the Republican tax plan could result, in their words, in a ‘‘hollowed-out mili-tary force’’ wracked by cuts to train-ing, maintenance, flight missions, and other vital military programs. I spoke to General Mattis yesterday. He is definitely afraid of a CR because a CR is at sequestration levels. If we pass this tax bill with its huge deficit, we will have no choice but to go back to sequestration, and the fears of our defense leaders that they cannot fund the military adequately will be very real. So my shout-out is to all of those who care about defense, particularly our defense hawks: If you vote for this bill, you are going to be voting for a ‘‘hollowed out military force,’’ as three former defense secretaries have written to us this morning. For those House Republicans who represent middle and upper class subur-ban districts, you should vote no be-cause this bill will raise taxes on a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.002 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7271 November 16, 2017 
high number of your constituents. Members of Congress from New York, New Jersey, Washington, Pennsyl-vania, Illinois, and Virginia know that State and local deductibility is crucial to working families in their districts. Today, House Republicans in many dis-tricts will take a vote to raise taxes on their constituents. And the com-promise—the first three-quarters of the break is rescinded even with the com-promise over in the House, but, second, the Senate, so desperate for money, has not even included the compromise here. You can be sure when it comes back, that compromise will not be in the bill—certainly not as generous as it is now. It was not very generous to begin with. According to the New York Times, the House bill would raise taxes on a third of middle-class taxpayers next year and almost half by 2027. The rich, meanwhile, will do just fine. The Senate bill, similarly, would raise taxes on 20 million middle-class Americans by 2027. Meanwhile, folks making over $1 million will get an av-erage cut of $50,000. People say: Well, they have more money; they should get a bigger tax cut. No. The wealthy are doing great. They don’t need any tax cut. Give the money to the middle class. The number of middle-class families who would lose money from this bill may even be higher now, considering the 10-percent increase in premiums that will occur as a result of the Re-publican plan to repeal the individual mandate. That 10-percent increase in health premiums could more than wipe out the tax cuts received by some folks in the middle. All the while, 13 million fewer Americans get health insurance. My friend, Senator G
RAHAM , recently said: ‘‘I hope every Republican knows that when you pass a repeal of the indi-vidual mandate . . . [healthcare] be-comes your problem.’’ L
INDSEY GRAHAM  is very politically pressured. He is tell-ing his Republican colleagues that if they do this, every problem in healthcare will be on their backs. The whole idea of taking money from the pockets of hard-working Ameri-cans, of taking money out of their healthcare and giving it to big corpora-tions and those at the very top is so backward, so wrong, that the American people will reject it, and the blame will fall on Republican shoulders. If the Re-publican tax bill should pass, it would make our economy, so unfairly tilted toward the top as it already is, even more unbalanced and unfair. Over the past three decades, as tech-nology has changed our economy and our world has become ever more inter-dependent, our economy has grown. Yes, it has grown; there is a lot of growth. But that growth, more than at any time in history, has been captured entirely, almost, by big corporations and the top 1 percent and particularly the top 0.1 percent of our country. We don’t begrudge them. We are glad peo-ple work hard. With new ideas and hard work, people should become wealthy, but they don’t need a tax break. At the same time, middle-class fami-lies have muddled along. Median in-come has barely nudged up in three decades. The costs of college, healthcare, prescription drugs, cable, and the internet have skyrocketed as corporations have consolidated in their industries, reducing competition and driving up prices. For the middle-class families in the suburbs, for the working parent in the city, for the young millennials just set-ting off into the workforce after col-lege, for the single mom raising two children, it is about as hard as ever to balance your income with ever-rising costs. In such an economy, tax reform could really matter to those folks, but only if it is done right. Instead of focusing all their efforts on improving the condition of those working Americans, Republicans have directed the lion’s share of the benefits to the already wealthy, the already powerful—corporate America and the very rich. There is perhaps no better example than President Trump and his family, for whom this bill would be an express mail gift from Heaven: Repealing the estate tax, they have a big one; repeal-ing the alternative minimum tax—the Trumps pay a lot of alternative min-imum tax; dropping the rate on pass-through entities like the Trump Orga-nization, a huge tax break for Donald Trump. So scrapping middle-class deductions while maintaining loopholes for real estate businesses, golf course owners— who do you think came up with this plan? Not the average middle-class guy or gal. All of these things contained in the House Republican bill would likely pile more on top of President Trump’s fortune while millions and millions of middle-class families end up paying more. I am not sure any family in America feels it is right to subsidize tax cuts for folks like President Trump and his family, and their voices will be heard during the debate on this bill and after-ward. This bill will be a huge burden for Republicans to carry on their backs over the next year, make no mistake about it. So we hope they will vote down the bill in the House and in the Senate. I want to assure my friends in the Senate on the other side of the aisle that if the bill goes down, Demo-crats are ready, willing, able, and eager to work with Republicans on a bipar-tisan reform. 
DACA  
Mr. President, before I yield the floor, seeing my friend Senator D
URBIN  here, I would like to address one final issue—the Dreamers. My dear friend Senator D
URBIN has an uncommon eloquence. He speaks with eloquence and yet with Mid-western common sense. He speaks with persuasiveness and ease on a great number of subjects. He is a great asset to our Democratic caucus and to the Senate as a whole, but there is no doubt that the Dreamers are at the top of his list. They are near and dear to his heart. He is one of the chief archi-tects of DACA and has labored on their behalf for as long as I can remember. Every Dreamer should thank Senator DURBIN . He is their sponsor, their champion, and their staunchest advo-cate. This morning I would like to join him in recognizing the contributions of a Dreamer in my State—a reminder of the glaring need to pass the Dream Act, since President Trump so mis-guidedly terminated the program a few months ago. Zuleima Dominguez is a DACA re-cipient who lives in the Bronx. Zuleima was brought to the United States from Mexico when she was 7 years old. She has grown up in the United States and has gone to school here; she went to her first dance in the United States and knows no other country as her home. Like so many other Americans, Zuleima is working her way through college—Hunter College, part of City University on the Upper East Side—but because of her legal status, she has been unable to access enough help to afford her tuition. So what does Zuleima do? She works 45 hours a week at a homeless shelter, giving back to her fellow New Yorkers while saving up for her next semester. She is studying to be a social worker. Isn’t Zuleima what we hope an Amer-ican citizen would be like? Wouldn’t we all be proud to call her our neighbor, our friend, our daughter? She is someone who works hard and feels a calling to give back to her com-munity. Zuleima has the quintessential American spirit, as had millions who came to this country before her, through the centuries. She is part of that long and grand tradition of immigration in this coun-try, of folks coming from all over the world to find a better life here, build strong families and communities, and make indelible contributions to our so-ciety, our economy, and our culture. Zuleima and her two children are part of that American tradition. They, with all of us, are what makes America great. There are many more Dreamers just like Zuleima who came to this country through no fault of their own as very young kids. They study at our schools; they work in our companies; they serve in our military. They are American in every single way but one—their paper-work. We must fix that now and forever by passing the Dream Act through Con-gress and giving folks like Zuleima and her kids a chance to live and thrive in the only country they have ever known. I know my entire caucus supports the bill. I know how many of my friends on the other side of the aisle support it as well. So what are we waiting for? Let’s put the bill on the floor and pass it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.004 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7272 November 16, 2017 
I yield to my friend and colleague from Illinois, Senator D
URBIN . The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to thank the Democratic leader. His strong support of the Dream Act en-courages me but, more importantly, gives hope to the Dreamers across America: young men and women, just like the one he described, who are liv-ing in fear, fear that their time in America is coming to an end. This is the only country they have ever known. They have stood in class-room after classroom and pledged alle-giance to the American flag, the only flag they have ever known. They sing the national anthem. They believe they are part of America, but as Senator S
CHUMER has reminded us, they are missing the paperwork. Their parents brought them here as infants, toddlers, children and never filed the paperwork, never made them legal, and here they are in this country, searching for an answer, searching for some hope. My best basic question to the U.S. Senate and to my colleagues is: Why do we make this so hard? Why is this so difficult? Don’t we all fundamentally agree on the premise that no young person should be held responsible for the actions or decisions of their par-ents? That is what is happening here. These young people didn’t make the key decisions in their lives; their par-ents did. Let me quickly add, because many of the Dreamers say: Senator D
URBIN , un-derstand that our parents were doing everything they could to help us. I couldn’t agree more. From a moral viewpoint, their parents were deter-mined to help their children and were prepared to incur great risk, even legal risk, to do it. I understand that. I would do the same thing, and I am not being critical or negative. But the sim-ple fact and reality is that these young people, because they don’t have the pa-perwork, don’t have a future in Amer-ica. The circumstances they face are bleak. Imagine, if you will, the chal-lenge of college, the challenge of going from high school on to an education at a university, with no help whatsoever from the Federal Government. You don’t qualify for a penny in Pell grants; you don’t qualify for any help when it comes to government loans. Think about the challenge of college and higher education without that help, without the fundamental assist-ance that millions of young Americans count on. Dreamers get no help—none. They have to fight their way forward on their own, and they do it in remark-able and heroic ways. Over the last break, I was down at Southern Illinois University at Carbondale—deep southern Illinois, 300 miles or more away from the city of Chicago—and I sat down with a group of these Dreamers who were at the uni-versity. One young woman had worked so hard to get through community col-lege and now through the university at Carbondale and still had two semesters left before graduation. She was telling me about her struggles—taking time off to work a job, save the money, go back to school, and here she was where she could see the finish line. As she sat there and described it to me, she stopped and broke down in tears. She said to me: Why am I doing this? Be-cause of the announcement by Presi-dent Trump, I don’t have any future in this country. After all these years and all this effort, I really don’t have a fu-ture here. I don’t believe that, and I begged her not to believe it either. She has a fu-ture, an important future in the United States and in the State of Illinois. She has proved through her determination and hard work that she is an extraor-dinary young woman. She is going to get that bachelor’s degree, and I pray that we in the Senate and the House— with the President—will give her a chance to be part of America. President Obama did. He created DACA. I had introduced the DREAM Act years and years ago—16 years ago— when President Obama was my col-league in the Senate from Illinois. He was the cosponsor. I joined with Sen-ator Lugar, a Republican Senator from Indiana, writing to President Obama, saying: Find a way, if you can. Find a way to protect these Dreamers from deportation until we pass a law that needs to be passed. And he did it. He created the DACA Program, where young people could come forward, pay the fine and fee of almost $500 or $600, submit themselves to a criminal back-ground check to make sure there were no problems in their background, show proof that they had graduated from high school, and then—only then— would they be allowed to stay in the United States for 2 years and not be de-ported and legally be allowed to work. Well, President Obama created by ex-ecutive order the DACA Program. At the end of the day, 780,000 of these young people stepped forward. It was a leap of faith on their part. Each and every one of them had been raised in America by their parents and carefully schooled in this belief: Don’t raise your head. Don’t let this government see us. As long as we can live in the shadows, as long as we are not confronted with the legal system, we have a chance to stay. They lived with that looming over their heads every single day. Then, when President Obama said to them: Come forward, tell us who you are, where you live; tell us about your family; and we will give you a chance to stay here legally under this Execu-tive order, they did it. They trusted in their leaders. They trusted in their government. They were prepared to make that leap of faith, at great risk, on the chance that this might be the ticket they were looking for to a life in America, to be part of America’s dream and America’s future. Then, on September 5, President Trump came forward and announced that he would abolish this program cre-ated by President Obama and that it would end on March 5, 2018. He estab-lished a standard and said: We will allow those who have to renew during this period of time—their 2-year DACA protection had expired, and they would have to renew—until November 5 to file and to qualify for a renewal period. He picked November 5. For many of them, it was a surprise and a challenge to come up with the filing fee and to get the papers in on time so that their pro-tection would continue until March 5, 2018, or beyond. Some of them did ev-erything they could think of. Some went to attorneys, for example, to make sure they got this renewal of DACA completed successfully and ac-curately. Now we have learned that something terrible happened in the meantime. They relied on the Federal Govern-ment—particularly, they relied on our Postal Service—to mail in their appli-cations for renewal. Who would have argued that that was not a responsible thing to do? I can tell my colleagues that practicing attorneys across the United States use our Postal Service regularly. One attorney sent the renewal to Washington by certified mail so that there would be proof that it was mailed. He mailed it on October 21. The problem was that the Postal Service lost the application. It didn’t arrive until a day later, a day past the dead-line established by the President. That young person has lost the right to renew unless the Department of Homeland Security comes up with a new ruling on the subject. That is the complexity of the life of these young people who are simply asking for a chance to be part of America’s future. That is what that young applicant faced. That is what hundreds of others faced. We believe that some 8,000 were not able to renew in time and lost their protected status. I can’t tell you what their future is, but I pray that the Senate, before we leave this year, will decide the right thing for their future. I have come to the floor over 100 times to tell the personal stories of these young people who are asking for a chance to have the Dream Act be-come the law of the land. Some Repub-lican Senators have joined me in this effort. Notably, L
INDSEY GRAHAM , the Republican Senator from South Caro-lina, has been a cosponsor. Three other Republican Senators have joined in sponsoring the Dream Act, and more are interested in helping. The con-versations continue on the floor and give me some hope that, at the end of the day, we will do the right thing, be-fore the end of this year. Let me add, too, that having served in the Senate—it has been my honor to be here for some years—I know the cal-endar determines your fate many times in the Senate. The calendar we face could determine the fate of these Dreamers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.005 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7273 November 16, 2017 
Here is what it boils down to. If we don’t renew the Dream Act before the end of this year, then it has to be done in January or February. January and February are well known to be months of little activity in the Senate and in the House. So if we wait until then, it is not likely it is going to happen. That is why I am pleading with my col-leagues and the leadership of the Sen-ate: We can’t go home for the holidays until we do this. We can’t talk about dreaming of a white Christmas until we face the Dreamers and the bleak Christmas they face if we fail to act. I am begging my colleagues on both sides to roll up their sleeves and join me, sit at the table, and let’s get this job done. There are specific reasons why we should, and I want to tell one of those stories today, as I have done more than 100 times in the past. This young lady’s name is Priscilla Aguilar. Priscilla was 5 years old when her family brought her to the United States from Mexico. She grew up in Brownsville, TX. She was a great stu-dent. In high school she joined a med-ical magnet program and graduated in the top 10 percent of her class. Priscilla was a member of the Health Occupations Students of America, where she participated in regional and State competitions in biomedical de-bate and medical reading. This experi-ence sparked her love for science. Priscilla went off to the University of Texas at Brownsville. She graduated with honors in the winter of 2012 with a bachelor’s degree in biological sciences. Remember, as a Dreamer, she didn’t qualify for any Federal assist-ance going to school. She had to work at jobs and borrow money from others to finish her education. After graduation, Priscilla was ac-cepted into Teach for America, a na-tional nonprofit organization that places talented college graduates in urban and rural schools where there are special challenges and shortages of teachers. It is interesting, isn’t it, that this young woman who was brought here at the age of 5 not only worked so hard for her own education but was then willing to give 2 years of her life in the schools of America to help less fortunate students. Do you think you have an insight into who she is and what her values are? Priscilla is not alone. Twenty thou-sand DACA Dreamers are currently teaching across the United States of America, including 190 in the Teach for America Program. Priscilla now teaches biological and medical microbiology at Mercedes High School in Mercedes, TX. She is the head of the Science Department. She oversees a team of nine science teach-ers. She teaches students of all grade levels and coaches the school’s debate team. The team won the district cham-pionship last year and participated in the State championship. In 2013, a tragedy struck Priscilla’s family. Her mother died unexpectedly. Currently, Priscilla is caring for her three younger siblings, all of whom were born in the United States and are U.S. citizens. In fact, almost 75 percent of Dreamers have a U.S. citizen spouse, child, or sibling. Priscilla wrote me a letter, which I will read into the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD : 
Science and learning are my biggest pas-sions and I want to keep pushing myself for-ward so that I can be better equipped to serve my community and my students. I want to inspire and encourage all students to pursue careers in science. I want to be a role model and mentor to students by succeeding in a science career myself. If I can do it, so can they! 
But without DACA, and without the Dream Act, Priscilla and 20,000 other teachers just like her will lose their jobs in America. I am not exag-gerating. DACA gives Priscilla the legal right to work in America. If she loses that DACA protection on the March 5 deadline, or whenever her re-newal comes up, at that point she can no longer work in the United States. This is not an isolated case. I have told the story many times about 28 stu-dents at the Loyola University Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago. They are all protected by DACA. They came to that medical school in open com-petition—no quotas, no special slots. They are the best and brightest. They came from all over the United States because Loyola University—thank goodness—decided they deserved a chance. Young people like them all across America who had given up on a medical education because they were undocumented finally had their chance under DACA. Twenty-eight of them now are dedicated to becoming doctors. They can’t borrow money from our Federal Government, as I mentioned before. The State of Illinois, under both a Democratic and Republican Governor, have created loan programs for them in medical school with one condition: For every year the State of Illinois helps to pay for their medical education, they have to pledge 1 year when they finish their medical degrees in service to our State, in areas where we have shortages of doctors—medi-cally underserved areas. So 28 of them now have their fate hanging in the balance, depending on the fate of the Dream Act. Why? Be-cause to become a doctor, you need a residency. A residency is a job. A resi-dency means legally working. If these young people lose the DACA and Dreamer protection, they have to drop out of medical school. They cannot continue their residency and pursue a specialty that they have had their heart set on. That is the reality of our failure to act. That is the reality of losing Pris-cilla Aguilar as an inspiring science teacher in Texas, of losing 28 doctors who are on their way to graduation at Loyola University, and of literally thousands of others who could make America a better, more prosperous, and a more just Nation. Why do we make this so hard? Why do we make it so difficult for these young people? They have overcome the odds. They have shown their deter-mination. They have shown their love for this country. Many of these DACA Dreamers are begging to serve in our military, to risk their lives for Amer-ica. Yet we have failed to act. The President draws a deadline and says: After this point, there will be no more protection for these young people. That isn’t what America stands for. That does not reflect our values. I stand here today honored to be the son of an immigrant to this country. My mother was brought here at the age of 2 from Lithuania. That immigrant family fought hard when they arrived, as most immigrant families do. By fate, my mother became a naturalized citizen and her son became a U.S. Sen-ator. That is my story. That is my fam-ily’s story, but it is America’s story. It is a story that has been repeated mil-lions of times over and over. People come here begging for a chance—a chance for a better life, a chance to make this a better nation. These young people and their par-ents, I might add, deserve that kind of consideration. What we are considering today doesn’t affect their parents and the Dream Act, but certainly we should give these young people a chance. I think their parents deserve it, too, but that is a debate for another day, per-haps. We will see. In the meantime, I beg my colleagues to join us. Let’s do something right this year, before the end of the year, that reflects our values of who we are. Let’s acknowledge the obvious. Justice demands us to step up and stand behind these Dreamers. The moment is about to arrive. Sen-ator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , my Republican cosponsor of the bill, said that a mo-ment of reckoning is coming. He is right. It is a moment of reckoning as to who we are in the Senate and in the Congress and in the White House. It is a reflection on our view of America as a nation—a nation of immigrants that has embraced diversity and become all the stronger because of it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
BACKGROUND CHECKS  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, unlike past occasions when I have spo-ken on the topic of gun violence pre-vention, I am actually pleased to talk about some good news. A powerful alli-ance across the aisle has enabled us this morning to introduce a measure that will be a modest but significant breakthrough. It is a breakthrough in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.006 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7274 November 16, 2017 
hopefully providing better data, more complete information for the database that provides for background checks. It is essential that more accurate and thorough data be provided in the data-base because background checks are no better than the information provided to them, as we have seen again and again, in Sutherland Springs most re-cently but also Charleston and Blacksburg, where individuals legally barred from accessing firearms were permitted to do so because of gaps in the NICS system. Each of those killers walked out of a gun store having pur-chased firearms from a federally li-censed dealer, even though they should have been ineligible, because of gaps in the reporting system; that is, the infor-mation reported to the national system that collects that data and provides the underpinning for this program. We are a bipartisan group that says, in effect, enforcement must be rig-orous, as complete and effective as pos-sible. New laws may be sought, and we will continue to seek a broader back-ground check law, as well as a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We in this coalition may be divided on those issues, but at the very least, we can join arms and link to-gether on this measure. These provisions will help enforce public safety protections that could mean the difference between life and death. Nonreporting now puts people at lethal risk, riddling with gaping holes a system that should keep guns away from killers. The Federal background check system is only as good as the in-formation provided to it. I am proud to be part of this alliance. I look forward to the next steps—the prompt passage of this legislation and other measures that perhaps will evoke the same kind of bipartisan spirit across the aisle. I am working with a number of my Republican colleagues on a measure re-lating to military reporting, particu-larly as it concerns domestic violence. All of us who have been attorneys gen-eral, as the Presiding Officer has been, know the scourge of domestic violence and how much more dangerous it is— five times more lethal—when there is a gun in the house. More than half of the homicides in this country occur as a result of domestic violence. More effec-tive enforcement requires steps that enable resources as well as awareness in the military and in our civilian courts. 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS  
Mr. President, on the topic of effec-tive enforcement of the law, I rise today on a related topic, which is the quality of our judiciary. Our laws are only as effective as the judges who im-plement them. I rise with regret because the admin-istration is attempting to radically re-shape our judiciary, to remake the bench in the image of a far-right dogma that basically contravenes what we are and where we are as a nation. This administration has proposed ex-treme nominees who will seek to undo decades of critically important progress in recognizing and protecting reproductive rights, LGBT rights, vot-ing rights, workers’ rights, environ-mental protections, and more. For the last 10 months, this adminis-tration has tried its level best to move our country backward by imple-menting its destructive, deeply un-popular agenda. They want to dis-mantle the Affordable Care Act. They want to abandon LGBT Americans. They want to make it harder to vote, harder to organize, harder to breathe clean air and drink clean water. If they fall short in carrying out this cruel agenda through Executive action and legislation, this administration has looked to the courts to do its dirty work. The Trump administration seeks to flood the Federal judiciary with judges—appointed for life—who will de-fend their indefensible goals. This plot is not hidden. It is not secret. It is out in the open. President Trump has made it clear. He claims to have a litmus test for Supreme Court nominees—he will nominate someone who will ‘‘auto-matically’’ overturn Roe v. Wade. Just last month, the Senate voted to con-firm two circuit court nominees—Alli-son Eid and Joan Larsen—who had been listed by then-Candidate Trump as potential Supreme Court nominees, indicating that they have passed that litmus test. When I asked both of these nominees whether their records would lead someone to believe that they would ‘‘automatically’’ reverse Roe v. Wade, they both demurred. They said they did not know why they were se-lected for President Trump’s Supreme Court short list—no idea. I don’t be-lieve it. Then-Candidate Trump laid out his Supreme Court selection cri-teria in clear, unambiguous terms. Yesterday we heard testimony from a circuit court nominee, Justice Don Willett, of the Texas Supreme Court, who proudly described himself in 2012 as the ‘‘consensus, conservative choice from every corner of the conservative movement: pro-life, pro-faith, pro-fam-ily, pro-liberty, pro-Second Amend-ment, pro-private property rights, and pro-limited government.’’ That is the way that he described himself. When I asked him what he meant by tying himself to these labels, he re-fused to give me a straight answer. In fact, he said, in effect, that he was just pandering to the public for votes, that that was part of his reelection pitch. Maybe he didn’t believe it, but we have all been around long enough to know what these terms mean to voters and what they mean to the President of the United States. They aren’t dog whis-tles, literally, but they represent spe-cific ideologies. They are shorthand for specific dogma. I have no confidence that Justice Willett will be an impartial and objec-tive implementer of the law and en-forcer of the measures that we pass here. Just last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to advance Brett Talley. He is someone who wrote that the solution to the Newtown shooting— he wrote it 3 days after that mas-sacre—is to ‘‘stop being a society of pansies and man up.’’ He is someone who has written that the country ‘‘overreacted’’ and that ‘‘the Second Amendment suffered’’ after the murder of 20 children and 6 adults in Newtown. After one of the great tragedies of this country in recent years, his reac-tion was that the Second Amendment suffered. He is someone who has dis-ingenuously written that Democrats want to take away everyone’s guns. Even setting aside the fact that he has never tried a case in his career, he is someone who should be nowhere near the bench, at least not as a judge. I hope my Republican colleagues will revisit their decision to support him. I want to emphasize that the com-promise that we have reached today and that we are introducing in this bi-partisan group takes away no one’s guns if one is law-abiding and other-wise complies with the law. In fact, it provides incentives and rewards to States that do better reporting. It makes sure that a robust reporting sys-tem prevents the sales of firearms to people who are a danger to themselves or others, including convicted domestic abusers. This exaggeration, distortion, misin-formation from Mr. Talley is, I think, emblematic of what kind of judge he would be. Let us not forget that we are, in fact, judged by the company that we keep. President Trump is willing to nomi-nate someone like Jeff Mateer to a life-time appointment on the Federal Dis-trict Court for the Eastern District of Texas. He was not on the docket this week, but he could well come before the Senate Judiciary Committee for a hearing in the coming weeks. This is someone who has called transgender children ‘‘Satan’s plan.’’ He has proudly said: ‘‘On the basis of sexual orientation, we discriminate.’’ He has advocated conversion therapy for LGBT children. With these nominations, President Trump has shown the type of people he is willing to propose for lifetime ap-pointments on the district court, as well as the court of appeals. As some-one who has practiced in the district courts of Connecticut and others around the country, as well as in courts of appeals in the Second Circuit and elsewhere, these appointments have a special meaning to me and to others who are well versed in the way our justice system works. For many people in this country, the U.S. district court is the first place they seek justice. They rely on Federal judges to be above politics and to be above personal ideology and dogma of the right or the left wing. The U.S. dis-trict court is the first place they seek justice, and, for many, it is the last place. Adverse rulings for them are often the end of the line because they lack the resources to pursue appeals to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.008 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7275 November 16, 2017 
the circuit court. Our district court judges are often the voices and faces of justice that the people of the United States most trust and rely on. What we see in these nominees is a pattern. They have clearly dem-onstrated through their actions, their statements, their temperaments, and their characters that they are, simply, unfit and unable to serve as impartial judges, especially when it comes to our Nation’s most vulnerable communities. Our Nation’s most vulnerable commu-nities are often the ones who rely the most on those Federal courts. There can be no benefit of the doubt for nominees when they articulate the kinds of beliefs and dogma that these individuals have in their pasts and that they refuse to disavow in the present. I will oppose them, and I hope my col-leagues will join me. I believe that on both sides of the aisle, we share a com-mitment to the credibility and trust of our judiciary. As I have said before on the floor, our judges do not have armies; they do not have police forces. The enforceability of their rulings really depends on the credibility and trust that the people of our Nation have in them as individuals who put on robes, because they are sup-posed to put aside their personal preju-dices and beliefs and fairly, impar-tially, and objectively enforce the law. I fear that these nominees lack these qualities, and that is a tragedy for our Nation, whatever your politics. Some-day, you will likely be before a judge— maybe not all, but many of you will— and you will want that judge to look at both sides of the courtroom and say that they both have an equal chance to make their cases, not tilt one way or the other because of the judge’s per-sonal beliefs. I hope that my colleagues will send a message to the President of the United States that one cannot po-liticize the American judiciary. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the nomination of Mr. Joseph Otting to be Comptroller of the Currency. The OCC’s mission is to ensure that the financial institutions it oversees operate in a safe and sound manner, provide fair access to financial services, treat customers fairly, and comply with the applicable laws and regulations. The OCC is responsible for overseeing the supervision of all national banks and Federal savings associations as well as Federal branches and agencies of foreign banks. The OCC also plays an important role in identifying and re-sponding to emerging threats in our fi-nancial system. Mr. Otting is exceptionally qualified to lead the OCC as its comptroller. His unique expertise and understanding of the banking sector has been shaped by over three decades of firsthand indus-try experience. Mr. Otting has held po-sitions at large regional and commu-nity financial institutions, including key leadership positions. In fact, he has touched virtually every segment of the industry, working in consumer services, business services, human re-sources, compliance, audit, and many others. His understanding of how banks work and knowledge of the laws and regula-tions governing the financial sector was evident throughout his nomination hearings. I was also encouraged by Mr. Otting’s statements about the impor-tance of ensuring that all Americans have access to banking products and services. Mr. Otting also reaffirmed his commitment to honor the OCC’s mis-sion and cooperating with the work of Congress. I am confident Mr. Otting will bring strong leadership to the OCC, given his extensive experience in the financial industry. I urge my colleagues to sup-port Mr. Otting’s nomination today and vote for his confirmation in the fu-ture. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, notwith-standing rule XXII, at 1:30 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to legislative ses-sion and the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the conference report to accom-pany H.R. 2810, as under the previous order, and that there be 15 minutes of debate equally divided between the managers or their designees prior to the vote on the adoption of the con-ference report; further, that following disposition of the conference report, the Senate resume executive session and all postcloture time on the Coggins and Friedrich nominations be yielded back and the Senate vote on confirma-tion of the Coggins nomination imme-diately, and that the confirmation vote on the Friedrich nomination occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, November 27; fi-nally, that if the nominations are con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Senate be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes following the first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I yield back the time on the Otting nom-ination, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Otting nomina-tion? The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 277 Ex.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Franken Menendez 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.009 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7276 November 16, 2017 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, Cory Gardner, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Luther Strange, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Marco Rubio, John Thune, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Caro-lina, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 96, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 278 Ex.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Hirono 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Franken Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 96, the nays are 1. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina. f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, Cory Gardner, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Luther Strange, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Marco Rubio, John Thune, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 93, nays 4, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 279 Ex.] YEAS—93 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—4 
Gillibrand Hirono Kennedy Warren 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Franken Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 93, the nays are 4. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of Cali-fornia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to legislative session. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—CONFERENCE REPORT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 2810, which will be stated by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2810), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, having met, have agreed that the House recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate and agreed to the same with an amendment, and the Sen-ate agree to the same, signed by a majority of the conferees on the part of both Houses. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the conference report. (The conference report is printed in the House proceedings of the R
ECORD of November 9, 2017.) Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the conference report for the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This legislation is the culmination of months of bipartisan work. I want to thank my friend, the Senator from Rhode Island, as well as our colleagues in the House of Representatives, M
AC T
HORNBERRY and A DAM SMITH, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.014 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7277 November 16, 2017 
dozens of members who served on the conference committee for their hard work and collaboration during this process. Together, we worked hard to negotiate the differences between the House and Senate versions of this bill, and the result is a piece of legislation that should make all Senators—and all Americans—proud. The fundamental purpose of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act is to provide our Armed Forces with the re-sources, training, and equipment they need to keep us safe. We should con-sider this our highest duty and our greatest honor, to keep faith with the brave Americans who serve and sac-rifice on our behalf. To do that, the NDAA authorizes funding, advances policies, and requires reforms that will support our men and women in uniform, but before I discuss the many laudable aspects of this legis-lation, let me lament for a moment the developments that have unfolded in re-cent days and delayed this important legislation. This delay concerns a provision in the defense bill to get our military emergency approval to use new life-saving medicines on the battlefield. This provision was included in the original Senate version of this legisla-tion that has been publicly available for several months, and it was included in this conference report with strong bipartisan and bicameral support. For years, the Department of Defense has struggled in vain to gain approval by the Food and Drug Administration for certain vital medical products, such as freeze-dried plasma, for use by our troops on the battlefield. Because the FDA failed to act time and again, the Senate Armed Services Committee did, and we received strong support from our House colleagues. It is outrageous that the National Defense Authorization Act has been held hostage by the desire to pass a separate piece of legislation to address this issue differently than this con-ference report. That separate legisla-tion was the product of a compromise between the DOD and the FDA, to which neither the Senator from Rhode Island nor I was a party. Our preferred solution remains our original one. Yesterday, the Senator from Rhode Island and I received a letter from the FDA Commissioner, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, expressing his personal commitment to approve the use of freeze-dried plasma for battlefield use by our troops. He has also pledged to establish a new process for expedited consideration of the DOD’s future emergency medical requests. This did not happen by acci-dent. It happened because we acted and because we exposed the unacceptable ways in which the FDA has been failing our men and women in uniform for far too long. Dr. Gottlieb was only confirmed as FDA Commissioner in May, and we in-tend to hold him fully accountable for making good on his commitment, in-cluding through continued oversight by the Senate Armed Services Committee. However, if we are not satisfied that this new DOD-FDA compromise has fixed the problem, the Senate Armed Services Committee will take action through the NDAA next year. I know that the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the House Armed Services Com-mittee have expressed that same com-mitment. We owe nothing less to our men and women in uniform, who de-serve our help in saving lives on the battlefield. Ultimately, that is the goal of every provision of the National Defense Au-thorization Act—to protect our brave servicemembers, here at home and around the world. The NDAA author-izes funding to rebuild our military and allow the Defense Department to em-bark on an ambitious program of mod-ernization that is desperately needed and long overdue. The NDAA author-izes the acquisition of ships, aircraft, and equipment above and beyond the administration’s request. It provides funding for an increase in end strength across all services, laying the ground-work for a total force, ready and capa-ble of rising to the challenges of a world where threats are on the rise. The NDAA builds on the reforms this Congress has passed in recent years, continuing efforts to reorganize the Department of Defense, spur innova-tion in defense technology, and im-prove acquisition and business oper-ations to strengthen accountability and streamline the process of getting our warfighters what they need to suc-ceed. It prioritizes accountability from the Department and demands the best use of every taxpayer dollar. This legislation also authorizes fund-ing for our missile defense systems to protect against rising threats. It makes important efforts to correct the dangerous lack of an effective strategy and policy for the information domain, including cyber, space, and electronic warfare. The NDAA authorizes a 2.4 percent pay raise for our troops, which is the largest in many years, and it includes several provisions to improve quality of life for our men and women in uni-form. In particular, the legislation con-tinues committee’s efforts to protect our servicemembers from sexual as-sault and sexual harassment. There is more work to be done, and the com-mittee will continue to conduct over-sight and hold hearings to address these important issues. In total, the National Defense Au-thorization Act supports a defense budget of $700 billion for fiscal year 2018. This exceeds the administration’s request by $26 billion. It also exceeds the defense spending caps in the Budg-et Control Act by $85 billion. Earlier this week, 356 Members of the House of Representatives voted in favor of this spending level. This after-noon, an overwhelming majority of this body will do the same. Let this serve as a reminder of the troubling state of our military today and an ac-knowledgement that the Budget Con-trol Act-level of defense spending is in-sufficient and unacceptable. My friends, for too long, our Nation has asked our men and women in uni-form to do too much with far too little. Our military’s job is hard enough, but we are making it harder through con-tinuing resolutions, unpredictable funding, and arbitrary spending caps that were put into law 6 years ago—be-fore the rise of ISIS, before the current crisis with North Korea, before Rus-sia’s return to aggression on the world stage, and before so many other dan-gerous developments. We have been warned that we cannot go on like this. Earlier this year, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, warned us, ‘‘In just a few years if we don’t change the trajectory, we will lose our qualitative and our quantitative competitive ad-vantage, [and] the consequences will be profound.’’ Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis also warned us, saying, ‘‘We are no longer managing risk; we are now gambling.’’ We are gambling with risk, and we are gambling with lives. Today more of our men and women in uniform are being killed in totally avoidable train-ing accidents and routine operations than by our enemies in combat. My friends, it doesn’t have to be this way. The NDAA shows us what we could do with an adequate level of de-fense spending, what we could provide for our men and women in uniform, but this legislation is only part of the solu-tion. As of yet, we still have no path to actually appropriate the money that we are about to authorize. That re-quires a bipartisan agreement to adjust the spending caps in the Budget Con-trol Act. As we join our colleagues in the House in voting to support $700 billion for defense, let this serve as a guide-post for our leaders in Congress and the White House as they negotiate a budg-et deal. This is the spending level that an overwhelming majority of both the House and the Senate believes is nec-essary to meet current threats and to keep faith with our men and women in uniform. After we vote to authorize these vital, additional resources for our military, we must all demand a bipar-tisan agreement so that we can appro-priate those resources. This will require hard work and tough choices, and it will demand that we have the courage of our convictions, but in the end, this will require much less of us than what we ask of from our men and women in uniform. As they so dutifully sacrifice for us every day, let us do our part and fulfill our duties to them and to the Nation they serve. Mr. LEAHY Mr. President, the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, while laudable in its goals, does not comport with reality. At roughly $700 billion, the proposed base funding in this bill is $85 billion above budget caps that are set in law for Fis-cal Year 2018 in the Budget Control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.005 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7278 November 16, 2017 
Act, BCA, and $31 billion above the ad-ministration’s budget request. If the authorized funding level were to be ap-propriated, without changing the caps, it would trigger a 12-percent across- the-board sequester of Defense pro-grams to bring spending levels back to the Fiscal Year 2018 levels contained in the Budget Control Act. A sequester of this size would hit us in readiness. It would hamper our day-to-day oper-ations and maintenance. It would hurt our troops. Our military leaders do not support such a sequester. If we really want to support our mili-tary and the men and women in uni-form, we must immediately reach a bi-partisan budget deal to lift the artifi-cial and unrealistically low budget caps that were set in law in 2011. It is hard to get every Member of this Chamber to agree on anything, but on this, we can agree: Sequester has had a negative impact on our country that will impact a generation. We need to have an honest conversation about what the needs of our country are, both in military and domestic spending, and draft our spending bills accordingly. I do appreciate the work that Sen-ator M
CCAINand Senator R EED have put into this massive legislation. While my concerns with the funding levels authorized in this bill prevent me from supporting it, I do believe it reflects a strong commitment to the programs and policies that support our service members and their families. That must always be our goal. I am pleased that the conferenced bill maintains support for medical re-search that matter so much to our servicemembers and to all Americans who benefit from the lifesaving results made possible through these programs. I am also grateful for the inclusion of language I authored that would pave the way for piloting a preventative mental health program for our Na-tional Guard and Reserve. Like phys-ical health, we know that, with par-ticular training and mental prepara-tion, a person can be more resilient mentally when faced with challenges, and building that readiness is nec-essary to maintain the all-volunteer force. Progress is already being made with shifting to a preventative model in the Special Forces community. I hope to soon see similar progress in de-veloping models for the members of our Guard and Reserve. This final bill also includes several amendments I proposed to make sure U.S. efforts, especially in Afghanistan, are consistent with U.S. values. These include a provision aimed at improving the way the Departments of Defense and State provide human rights train-ing to partner forces, and a require-ment to establish a plan on how to im-prove our ability to help foreign gov-ernments protect civilians. The final bill also authorizes establishment of a position in the Department of Defense to oversee its implementation of and coordination with the Department of State on the Leahy law for human rights vetting for Afghan security forces. In 3 weeks and 1 day, the current res-olution funding our government will expire; yet, instead of sitting down with Democrats to work together, just as we did earlier this year to enact the fiscal year 2017 omnibus spending bill, to find a path forward to raise the budget caps and fund our government for the rest of the fiscal year, Repub-licans are focused on a tax cut bill that will add $1.5 trillion to the debt. In-stead of acting responsibly and in the greatest traditions of the Senate, the majority is marching towards another partisan fight on the floor on a deeply flawed tax bill that will impact every corner of our economy. Let’s get to work for the American people. For months, have been calling for a bipartisan budget deal to lift the caps on both sides for both defense and nondefense programs based on parity. It is time to complete those negotia-tions. We owe it to the men and women who serve. We owe it to the American people. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time be considered yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to the conference report. The conference report was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will now resume executive session. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time on the Coggins and Friedrich nomina-tions is yielded back. 
VOTE ON COGGINS NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Coggins nomination? Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 280 Ex.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—4 
Booker Franken McCain Menendez 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 481, Gregory Katsas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\S16NO7.REC S16NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7279 November 16, 2017 
move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Chuck Grassley, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Ben Sasse, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, Tom Cotton, Ron Johnson, Mike Lee, James Lankford, Jerry Moran, Lindsey Graham, Roger F. Wicker, Bob Corker. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, just a moment ago, the Senate acted to send the President one of the most im-portant policy bills we consider each year—the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. Not only will this legislation author-ize the resources, capabilities, pay, and benefits our men and women in uni-form need to perform their missions, but this year’s bill also goes further. It takes a notable step toward author-izing the resources needed to start re-building our military and restoring combat readiness. It will help improve our missile de-fense capabilities and better prepare us to deal with cyber threats. It will au-thorize a well-deserved pay raise for our men and women in uniform while providing for continued reform of the benefits they and their families rely upon, and it will support the thousands of military servicemembers and fami-lies serving at military installations in Kentucky and in the Kentucky Na-tional Guard. Further, this bill strives to bring re-form to the Pentagon. As Senator M
CCAINsaid of the NDAA a few months ago, it will ‘‘[build] upon the sweeping reforms that Congress has passed in re-cent years.’’ He is right, and none of this would have been possible without him, without his leadership. I think I can speak for everyone in this Chamber when I say that our friend Senator M
CCAINhas served with distinction as chairman of the Armed Services Committee. I know the rank-ing member on his committee, Senator R
EED, thinks so as well. I know a lot of Members on both sides of the aisle do too. Senator M
CCAIN’s commitment to our men and women in uniform is obvi-ous, and it is unwavering. He respects these brave Americans immensely; he cares about them deeply; and he under-stands better than just about anyone how important a bill like this is to them, not only on a policy level but on a personal level as well. The NDAA he worked so hard to pass has now cleared both Chambers. It is headed to the President’s desk. Soon, it will become law. When it does, it will stand as yet another testament to the hard work, dedication, and unflappable determination of our colleague and friend Senator J
OHNMCCAIN—truly, an American hero. TRIBUTE TO BRIAN FOREST  
Mr. President, on an entirely dif-ferent matter, I would like to say a few words today about Brian Forest, a key member of my legislative office team, who is leaving the Senate after several years of outstanding work in the Sen-ate. Throughout his time in my office, Brian has been an invaluable asset, taking on the daily challenges and countless responsibilities which come with the territory for my staff, but Brian did not just handle it all—he ex-celled. Regardless of the pressures, the deadlines, or the obstacles—and, be-lieve me, there were many—Brian al-ways came through. Now, regretfully, he has decided to take on a whole new set of challenges. I am confident he will continue to show the same skill, friendship, and good humor that endeared him to many in the Senate because that is who Brian is. I know I speak for all of those on my staff when I say I am really sorry to see him go. I wish Brian well in his new adventures, and I thank him for his service to our Nation, to the Senate, and to me. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be recog-nized as in morning business for such time as I shall consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MUSEUM OF THE BIBLE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, this week, after 3 years of planning and construction, we now will be dedicating tomorrow and officially opening the Museum of the Bible. This is led by Steve Green of Hobby Lobby. We all remember Hobby Lobby of Oklahoma. Steve has been a friend of mine and his parents have been friends of mine for a long period of time. He is the chairman of the board of directors for this long-awaited museum that will allow visitors from not just this coun-try but from all over the world—they will be coming here to see what it is all about and how this plays a pivotal role in our country’s history. There is no better place than Washington, DC, in our Nation’s Capitol, to remind us of the scope of the Bible’s impact on our history and our narrative. It has been long-awaited. Indeed, one of our Founding Fathers, Patrick Henry, was renowned for his readings of the Bible. He said at the end of his life: ‘‘This book is worth all the books that ever were printed, and it has been my misfortune that I never found time to read it with the proper attention and feeling till lately.’’ He is the one—and not many people are aware that historians are relooking at the history of this country, and they are saying we could not have won that war. I mean you have to sometimes close your eyes and envision the great-est army on the face of this Earth com-ing down with thundering marches, going through Boston, and going up to Lexington and Concord. There is no way in this world that a handful of trappers and hunters could have won that thing. Yet we know why, and he knew why, when you talk about Pat-rick Henry. They said: We are not strong enough. It can’t be done. There is one thing they overlooked, and that is the strength that comes from God that we had, and they didn’t have. He said: We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of nature hath placed in our power. . . . armed in the holy cause of liberty, and in such a country as that which we possess, are invincible by any force which our enemy can send against us. Besides, sir, we shall not fight our battles alone. There is a just God who [reigns] over the destinies of nations; and who will raise up friends to fight our battles for us. 
And he did, and they fired that shot heard around the world. I think that is really important today to think about because people come to this country and they want to know what makes America work. I have been privileged to sponsor the African dinner every February, and people come in from all over Africa. They are always surprised when they come and they find out walking through the Capitol what real signifi-cance God and the Bible has to the his-tory of this country. We are the largest Christian community in the world. We cannot and should not deny the role our Judeo-Christian values played in the formation of this country. Our first President, George Wash-ington, was steadfast in his belief of God, His law, and that liberty is God’s gift. Washington’s leadership was based on the conviction that Americans are entrusted by God to preserve basic freedoms established in the Constitu-tion. In a letter, Washington wrote, ‘‘We should be very cautious of violating the rights of conscience in others, ever considering that God alone is the judge of the hearts of men and to Him only in this case they are answerable.’’ It is clear our Founding Fathers rec-ognized and enshrined the importance of religious liberty, one of our most precious and foundational religious freedoms that allowed them to live their lives according to the teaching of the Bible. The Bible’s role in the founding of America is just one remarkable exam-ple of how the Bible has profoundly shaped world history. It has influenced cultures in every corner of the globe, and the Museum of the Bible, which is going to be opening tomorrow, pays tribute to its impact and intersectionality with the world reli-gions. Whether considering the Bible through a secular or faith-based lens, it is impossible to deny its impact on in-dividuals, countries, and, indeed, all world history. The Museum of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.024 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7280 November 16, 2017 
Bible is the first educational experi-ence I have encountered that truly ap-preciates the full magnitude of the Bi-ble’s role throughout history. The six exhibits, curated by a panel of faith leaders that span religious and geographic divides, truly bring the Word of God to life in a way that posi-tively educates, informs, and encour-ages people of all faiths and beliefs to learn more about the Bible. General Washington reminded us in his Farewell Address: ‘‘Let us with cau-tion indulge the supposition that mo-rality can be maintained without reli-gion.’’ Steve Green’s father David founded Hobby Lobby. I remember this so well because I was in the State legislature at the time this happened. They start-ed in their garage making frames for pictures. It turned out to be this giant, worldwide corporation, the largest arts and crafts retailer in the history of America, currently or in the past. Remember Hobby Lobby, when ObamaCare required that all employers provide free access to the pills that ter-minate pregnancies, David clearly rec-ognized this as a violation of his faith. That is what America is all about. If you believe in it, you do it, you take a risk. He was risking millions of dollars, but the morality was so significant from the teachings of the Bible that he went ahead and did it. He took the challenge all the way to the U.S. Su-preme Court and won in a split deci-sion. He successfully argued the impor-tance to maintain the fundamental freedom of religion to apply his faith convictions to how he operates his pri-vate business. David won his case, but his family understood we needed to do more. So he started the Museum of the Bible. I actually was there last June, when it was under construction at the time, as we walked through and visualized what it was going to look like later on. It is magnificent. They have a stage, and you live on the stage. He is going to have perform-ances there. I am so anxious to be there tonight, the night before the offi-cial opening, to see now what it looks like. I am so grateful David’s son Steve and his entire family are leading this effort to make the Bible and its impact more accessible to the whole world. I am especially honored that the mu-seum will open on my birthday tomor-row. I am not sure they really knew that when they made the decision, but somebody knew it. 
ENERGY INDEPENDENCE  
Mr. President, let me turn to another topic that I think is very important right now; that is, our energy inde-pendence. It is a huge issue. People are not aware, while we may have talked about the importance of the budget reconciliation process to set up and to pass the historic and much needed tax cuts for our individuals and small busi-nesses, the process also allowed the Senate to use reconciliation for some-thing equally as valuable—to allow en-ergy exploration in Alaska. Yesterday the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee met to consider legislation to open up a very small part of the Arctic National Wild-life Refuge for responsible energy de-velopment. This bill was successfully passed by the committee, and I look forward to helping it continue to move through Congress. I have long been an advocate for this to happen. It is interesting, the people in Alaska all want it. The polling is something like 96 percent of the people really want this to happen. They know the benefits that will come to Alaska, the money that will be there. People talk about the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as if it is this great big thing. It is the size of South Carolina. It is a very small thing. Right now, we are going to be able to go up there to cre-ate jobs and opportunities and author-ize the leases in Alaska. We will also increase revenue to the United States. It is estimated that the energy pro-duction in Alaska could lead to over $1 trillion in revenue. Responsible man-agement will have a positive impact on reducing our national debt and most significantly opening ANWR is allow-ing Alaska to do what they want to do. We are so good in this body thinking that we know more about what is good for Alaska and what is good for Okla-homa and what is good for Georgia than they do in their own States. One of few things we do right around this place is how we do our highway bill. In the highway bill, we get the priorities from the States when they come in, and they decide what it is they want to do in their States. Remember the issue about the ‘‘bridge to nowhere.’’ Everybody was concerned about this. All the talk shows jumped on it without realizing, until it was too late, it had already gotten committed. Here was something that happened right for a change. I was chairman of the committee at that time. The ‘‘bridge to nowhere’’ in Alaska didn’t go ‘‘nowhere,’’ it went somewhere. The problem was, there weren’t any people there once you got there, and the rea-son is you couldn’t get there. On their list of 100 priorities, No. 4 was to build that bridge, but we, in our infinite wis-dom here, said: No, you can’t do that. Somehow the public didn’t know what they were talking about. Well, that is kind of the same situation we have right now. We have something in Alas-ka that was their No. 1 priority to de-velop, and for years and years we have stopped them from being able to do with their land what they wanted to do with their land. The Federal Govern-ment has been keeping Alaskans from acting in their own best interest. Finally, increasing energy produc-tion in Alaska is a key part of making the United States not only energy independent but energy dominant. We are on the verge of doing just that. Earlier this week, the Executive Direc-tor of the International Energy Agen-cy, Fatih Birol, said the United States ‘‘will become the undisputed global oil and gas leader for decades to come’’ and that ‘‘the growth in production is unprecedented, exceeding all historical levels.’’ ANWR could be and should be a part of that story. Energy independence is vital to our national security. How many of these countries over there that have been part of the old Soviet Union want their allegiance to us, and yet they are forced to buy their oil and gas from Russia and from Iran and they don’t want to do it. Now we are taking them off the hook. I had a great experience not long ago. I was invited by the President of Lith-uania to come and open up their first terminal. Now we are changing all that. We have a guy named Harold Hamm, an Oklahoman who is the chairman and CEO of Continental Resources in Oklahoma. He announced they would begin exporting oil to China. Exporting to China is kind of a big deal. He talks about how we are going to become un-deniably a leader in exporting energy that will have an impact on the rest of the world. President Trump has been clear that he intends to make the United States a net energy exporter, something we haven’t been since 1953. Opening up the National Wildlife Refuge, which just took place this last week, will be a big step toward this initiative, and I ap-plaud the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee for helping the administration make this happen. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. President, the leader of the Sen-ate, a few minutes ago, talked about the NDAA and J
OHN MCCAIN’s role in that. J
OHNMCCAIN, of course, has been and is an American hero. Everybody knows his past and knows what he did and the suffering he went through. He was very instrumental—sure, we had some disagreements on some of the finer parts of the bill—but this is one that had to be done. All of a sudden we are changing what happened, unfortu-nately, in the past. I can remember about 3 years ago we got all the way to December before we voted this out. We have now voted. This is the 55th year in a row that we have passed a Defense authorization bill. If we didn’t by the end of Decem-ber, then our kids wouldn’t be getting hazard pay or pilots wouldn’t be get-ting flight pay, and it would be an ab-solute disaster. Of course, it didn’t hap-pen because we are now doing it. I have to say this. One thing that hasn’t been said enough is what Sen-ator M
CCAINand a lot of his supporters were able to do; that is, reprioritize what defending America is about. Read the Constitution. Look at the history of this country. I always say people should sometime get out that old document that nobody reads any-more, the Constitution, and see what we are supposed to be doing around here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.027 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7281 November 16, 2017 
Do you know that what we are sup-posed to be doing in this body pri-marily is defending America, No. 1, and they called them post roads, back then, building roads and transportation. That is what we are supposed to be doing, but what has happened in our military is something people don’t know about. I applaud our military in uniform now because they are saying it for the first time in my memory that we are in the most threatened position this country has ever been in. We have adversaries out there. Some are some-what mentally deranged. They are rap-idly getting or already have the capa-bility of hitting an American city with a weapon. As tragic as it was when we went through 9/11, what a lot of people don’t realize is, if that were to happen, a whole city could be wiped out. The problem is that we have gotten away from prioritizing the fact that the No. 1 concern should be and the mission should be for us to defend America. To give an example, up through the 1960s, we spent over 50 per-cent of all the revenue that came into the Federal Government on defending America. Do you know what it is today, Mr. President? It is 15 percent. So we have gone from 50 percent down to 15 percent. What does that tell you? It tells you that the priorities aren’t right. So we have looked at this, and this is a first step. This M
CCAIN-led NDAA is the first step in reprioritizing where we are. If anyone questions this, if you look at the Obama administration, when we were trying to recover on se-questration, he had a policy. He said: For every dollar we put in, we are going to have to put an equal amount into social programs. That shows you the lack of priority. All that is being changed. About 10 minutes ago when I started, I quoted Patrick Henry. You stop and think about the courage it took at one time to get to the point that we are going to be progressing to, starting with this bill, when he said: There is a just God who reigns over the destinies of nations and who will raise up friends to fight our battles with us. The battle is not to the strong alone but to the vigilant, the active, the brave. Gentle-men may cry ‘‘peace,’’ but there is no peace. Why stand we idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, is peace so sweet, it must be bought at the price of chains and slavery? That is what it used to be. That was the priority. And this bill reestablishes that priority as the No. 1 priority, as our history reflects we should be doing, as our Constitution has charged us with doing, and we are doing it with the passage of the national defense au-thorization bill. We are on the road to recovery, and I am very excited about it. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to make a simple request of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. When it comes to the tax legisla-tion that Republican colleagues are rushing through Congress, please stop, slow down, and let’s start over to-gether. We need real tax reform with clear policy goals that will make our Nation more competitive, not a partisan at-tempt to pass something—anything— that can get 51 Republican votes in the Senate. Our shared policy goals should be making the Tax Code fairer, sim-pler, and fiscally responsible. If we can achieve these goals, that would be real tax reform. If we worked together, we could take long overdue steps and build a tax code that lets working families in Michigan and across the country keep more of their hard-earned money, levels the playing field for our small businesses, and keeps good jobs here at home in the United States. Fairer, simpler, re-sponsible—those are three key points making a tax code that works. If we don’t start over, I am afraid the cur-rent tax legislation will fail on all three accounts. First, this tax legislation is not fair. It dramatically moves toward bene-fiting the wealthiest people in this Na-tion, with only a little sliver of the benefits going to working-class fami-lies. The Republican tax bill was clearly written to cut rates for CEOs and large corporations and treats the middle class like an afterthought. I would argue that working Americans who are struggling with stagnant wages—while the cost of prescription drugs, college, and housing continue to rise—need tax cuts that are built around them. Instead, we are looking at a Repub-lican tax plan that repeals the alter-native minimum tax—a fail-safe de-signed specifically to make sure that wealthy Americans cannot deduct their way to paying nothing in taxes. From what little we have seen of President Trump’s tax returns, we know that the AMT—the alternative minimum tax— is the only reason he paid income taxes at all. The Republican bill will elimi-nate the AMT, and President Trump and folks like him will receive a huge windfall and may not have to pay any taxes at all—zero. Wall Street loves this bill, too, be-cause hedge funds will continue to be taxed at lower rates than small busi-nesses in our local communities. This means many hedge fund managers making millions of dollars will have a lower tax rate than an office assistant working at their firm. Simply put, this proposal fails on the test of making the Tax Code fairer. I also believe this effort fails on the test of making the code simpler. For small business owners back in Michi-gan, they want to spend their time doing what they know best, which is running their business, not spending days or weeks trying to figure out the taxes they owe. But, as many of my colleagues in the Finance Committee have pointed out throughout this week, the provisions for a small business passthrough serve only to make a com-plicated tax code even more com-plicated—yes, even more complicated. Expert analysis says that the pass-through provisions will require years of rulemakings and thousands of pages of additional rules and regulations. As a small business owner, unless your hobby is studying the Internal Revenue Code, this bill is going to make your life a whole lot more difficult. Finally, on the last test, the test of whether or not this bill is responsible, this proposal fails miserably. Writing responsible tax legislation means mak-ing hard choices—closing loopholes and balancing out the pros and cons of any action. Congress has the responsibility to take seriously the threat of a growing national debt, and we have to think about this when changing our Tax Code. But instead of working to reduce our debt, which we are passing on to our children and grandchildren, this proposal actually adds more than $1 trillion to our deficit. And it would be even more expensive, but in a hap-hazard attempt to limit the cost, the majority has put forward a bill where hundreds of millions of dollars of provi-sions that middle-class families could use to reduce their taxes expire at ran-dom times over the next few years. When you add it all up and factor in the additional interest costs to carry this new debt, you have a proposal that adds over $2 trillion to the Federal debt, according to the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. It is wildly irresponsible to pile on this debt to finance a tax break for the wealthiest people in this coun-try, but it doesn’t have to be that way. Tax reform can be bipartisan. The goal of tax reform must be fairer, sim-pler, and responsible. This isn’t just idealism or wishful thinking. We have seen it happen before. When Ronald Reagan worked with Congress to pass tax reform in 1986, the bill received 97 votes in the U.S. Senate—yes, 97 votes. That is the sort of bipartisan approach we need, and we need to start working on that now. Michiganders—and all Americans— deserve a tax code that is fairer, sim-pler, and more responsible, not more multinational corporate giveaways and more debt. I will not stop fighting for hard- working American families and small businesses who deserve to see more take-home pay, and I hope my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle will join me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.028 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7282 November 16, 2017 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that upon the con-clusion of my remarks, the Senator from Rhode Island be recognized. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise today to express my deep concern with the tax reform bill that the Senate Fi-nance Committee is likely to approve later this week. The latest version of this massive tax bill, which will impact every single American, was only re-leased to the public late Tuesday night. Less than 48 hours later, the Finance Committee is ramming through this bill on a party-line vote without any hearings and without a thorough re-view of the bill. I strongly disagree with the closed- door process of developing the sub-stance of a bill which skews the bene-fits to the wealthy at the expense of middle-class families and with this bill’s irresponsible cost of $1.7 trillion over 10 years. I also want to tell my colleagues and the President that there is still an opportunity for us to do the right thing and to work together on tax reform. We should follow the example of the last time there was successful tax re-form enacted by Congress. This was led by Republican President Ronald Reagan, Democratic Speaker of the House Tip O’Neill, and Members of Congress from both parties, who worked together back in 1986 to pass major tax reform legislation. Sure, they had strong disagreements, but they held lengthy public debates, com-promised on both sides of the aisle, and eventually passed a major tax reform bill that was bipartisan, was fair, and did not add to our deficits and national debt. For some reason, my Republican col-leagues seem to have forgotten the ex-ample of the last time the Congress ac-tually passed tax reform. It happened because both parties worked together. It happened because both parties com-promised. And while I believe there is still time for us to undertake this ap-proach, what we are seeing right now is the exact opposite. I think that is a big mistake. When I am on the train back to Wil-mington or when I am at home in my State of Delaware hearing from my constituents, my message about this bill is simple: I am worried what this bill will do to our fiscal health as a country and the middle class, and you should be too. Let me start by quoting a story from the Washington Post today whose headline reads ‘‘Senate tax bill cuts taxes of wealthy and hikes taxes on families earning under $75,000 over a decade.’’ Let me repeat that. The Sen-ate tax bill cuts the taxes of the wealthy and hikes taxes on families earning under $75,000. The story is based on a report from the nonpartisan Joint Commission on Taxation which shows that the claims from President Trump and my Republican colleagues that this bill is all about tax relief for the middle class are simply wrong. I will quote from this story: 
By the year 2027, Americans earning $30,000 to $75,000 a year— 
Solidly middle-class folks— 
would also be forced to pay more in taxes even though people earning over $100,000 would continue to get substantial tax cuts. 
Unfortunately, though, that is not the end of my concerns with this legis-lation. I am also alarmed by how much this bill would add to our Nation’s budget deficits and by the long-term impacts it would have on our debt. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, this tax bill— this Republican-only tax bill—will cost over $1.7 trillion over 10 years. That is $1.7 trillion with a ‘‘t.’’ What happened to my colleagues who spent years talk-ing about the danger posed by a grow-ing national debt? Now these very same Senators and Representatives are willing to put almost $2 trillion on our Nation’s credit card. It is an astound-ing figure—more than twice as large as the emergency stimulus package Con-gress passed in 2009 to prevent the next Great Depression. It is more than twice as much as the much maligned so- called bailout that Congress authorized to prevent the collapse of the financial system. What does $1.7 trillion buy us? What is the great return on investment that would justify borrowing $1.7 trillion— mostly from China—in a time of near record-low unemployment? The Speak-er of the House, P
AUL RYAN, publicly bragged that their tax plan would produce 1 million jobs. That sounds good but not when you consider the cost. My math may not be great, but if you spend $1.7 trillion to get 1 million jobs, that is $1.5 million per job. That is not a great return on investment. To add insult to injury, the majority believes they can use this bill to also cut access to healthcare for millions of Americans because they have decided at the last moment to include a repeal of the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate—a critical part of that bill— law, which helps ensure a healthy risk pool, which, in turn, lowers premiums. Those who actually work in healthcare know this is a bad idea. That is why the American Medical As-sociation, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Hos-pital Association, and America’s Health Insurance Plans have all come out against the inclusion of the indi-vidual mandate repeal in this bill, say-ing that ‘‘eliminating the individual mandate by itself likely will result in a significant increase in premiums, which would substantially increase the number of uninsured Americans.’’ The nonpartisan CBO agrees. They found that repealing the mandate will cause 13 million people to lose their healthcare by 2027, and average pre-miums would increase about 10 percent each year. The inclusion of the mandate repeal to pay for corporate tax cuts will hurt middle-class families across our coun-try. It is politics at its worst, throwing aside the needs of our constituents to ensure that a small group of the wealthy get wealthy. That is because the core of this bill is based on a prom-ise proven false time and again—that tax cuts for the richest Americans and most profitable corporations will some-how trickle down to help the majority of working Americans. We know that is not how our economy has actually worked. Even President Reagan’s own budget director, David Stockman, said yesterday that this bill isn’t going to increase wages for the middle class. The Senate bill proposes we cut the top corporate rate nearly in half; ex-empt more wealthy individuals from the estate tax, which impacts only the top 0.2 percent of Americans; repeal the alternative minimum tax, which af-fects those making hundreds of thou-sands annually; and cut tax rates for those earning over $1 million. Altogether, the core elements of this plan amount to $1.7 trillion in tax cuts, and my Republican colleagues are sim-ply asking us to trust them that the benefits will somehow reach the middle class. If that isn’t enough to prove that this bill being rushed through in today’s markup is bad policy, my colleagues in the majority went one step further in this latest version by eliminating all tax breaks for middle-class families in 8 years while making the tax cuts for corporations permanent. This means that millions of middle-class families will see a tax hike in the future in order to fund permanency for corporate tax breaks. That is just not right. So here is what I think we should do. Let’s slow down. Let’s work together, Republicans and Democrats, to pass a bill that is actually good for all Ameri-cans. I believe we can get that done. I think it is our job and our duty. We don’t have to start from scratch. There are bipartisan ideas. There are intro-duced, bipartisan tax bills that could make our code simpler and fairer and more effective. I will mention two examples of bills I have introduced—one with Republican Senator S
HELLEY MOORE CAPITO and another with Republican Senator P
AT R
OBERTS —that encourage manufactur-ers to use made-in-America parts and incentivize companies that invent something here to make it here. I have introduced another bill with Repub-lican Senator J
ERRY MORAN —it has eight bipartisan cosponsors—and with Republican Congressman T
EDPOEthat would alter the Tax Code to boost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.030 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7283 November 16, 2017 
every aspect of the American energy industry, from oil and gas to the latest renewable and clean energy tech-nologies. These are just a few ideas, but they represent a simple truth: that we can and should work together on tax reform instead of making this one more pointless, partisan battle. The same thing is true for our healthcare system. The American peo-ple have overwhelmingly said they want a bipartisan and open process to fix healthcare, not a one-party scheme by either party that throws our system into chaos with no plan to replace it. I encourage President Trump and Re-publican leaders to stop trying to pass tax reform with only Republicans and to reach across the aisle to work with Democrats and pass something we can all get behind. 
TRIBUTE TO MEGAN O ’NEILL  
Mr. President, while I appreciate the opportunity to talk today about the very real need for bipartisan tax re-form that helps working families, grows the economy, and doesn’t in-crease our debt, I wish to turn to an-other important topic—the impending departure from my office of Megan O’Neill, my director of scheduling. Megan has been a part of our office for more than 5 years. She leaves later this month for an exciting new oppor-tunity in New York City. Megan is quite simply one of the most capable, resourceful, intelligent, effective, and kind people I have ever had the honor of knowing or working with. One of the most well-worn sayings here in Washington is that ‘‘ev-eryone is replaceable.’’ While that may be true for me, and it may be true for the Acting President pro tempore, and it may be true for many others here, it is simply not true of Megan. She is truly irreplaceable. I owe Megan a huge debt of gratitude for her years of serv-ice to my office, to Delaware, and to our country. Many of us who have worked with her will gather to thank her and wish her well, but I also wanted to take a few minutes to talk about—and probably embarrass—this remarkable woman. Megan is from nearby Chevy Chase, MD, but more important, at least in my opinion, is that she graduated from the University of Delaware as a ‘‘Fighting Blue Hen’’ with a degree in economics and international relations. She interned in my Wilmington office during her senior year at UD and quickly became a staff favorite. Upon graduating, Megan moved to Washington, and I hired her as a staff assistant, working at the front desk in my DC office. It is a particularly de-manding job—juggling visiting con-stituents, constant phone calls, and su-pervising interns. She proved herself to be mature and capable. I promoted her several times in quick succession until she took over as my director of sched-uling in August of 2015. Over the course of her time in my of-fice, I have come to deeply respect her as a professional, but more impor-tantly, I have come to admire her as a person. In addition to being incredibly competent, strategic, and quick on her feet, it is Megan’s boundless patience and optimism I will most miss. Regard-less of how stressful, jam-packed, and uncertain a day may be, Megan is al-ways able to ensure that everything gets done; that every constituent is heard, every important issue is raised, and that this Senator doesn’t lose his mind. Megan is also famous for her seem-ingly permanent smile and sunny dis-position. Some of her colleagues in my office chimed in with a few anecdotes. Oftentimes, I was told, throughout the day, Megan will announce she is off to get a ‘‘fun drink,’’ which might sound like a Margarita but is, in fact, always a raspberry lemonade-flavored Dasani sparkling water. When something comes up—whether it is a favorite TV show, album, or new restaurant, she exclaims: ‘‘That’s my jam!’’ She also loves to travel, but one thing that makes her different is that when she has an upcoming trip, she is just as ex-cited to plan it out minute by minute as she is to actually go. I can’t talk about Megan without mentioning her family. She speaks fre-quently and lovingly about her parents Michael and Donna O’Neill and her younger brother Matt. As anyone who knows Megan is well aware, each sum-mer, she is a key part of O’Neill week when she joins her parents, brother, cousins, and extended family in beau-tiful Bethany Beach, DE, to play Olym-pic-style beach games, eat, drink, and enjoy each other’s company. Anyone who understands the Senate knows how essential schedulers are to everything that goes on here. No staff-er has a more challenging, demanding, or complex role. We Senators have big vocabularies for our long-winded speeches, but the most important word a scheduler says is ‘‘no,’’ and Megan mastered the art of saying no in a firm, professional, appropriate way, even when this Senator seems to always want to say yes. Schedulers wear too many hats to count. They are field generals, fire-fighters, political advisers, logisti-cians, psychologists, diplomats, man-agers, and air traffic controllers. They work as hard or harder than anyone else here but so often go unseen or un-heard. Maybe that is why Senate schedulers are a very tight-knit group. Megan often speaks with great fond-ness and respect for her counterparts in other Senate offices, and it does not surprise me that they think highly of her. One of Megan’s counterparts said she is ‘‘always quick to share advice and ideas, and has been a great source of support when any [of] her colleagues need some kind words. She is efficient and effective while also being so nice and compassionate.’’ Megan’s compassion is, at the end of the day, what makes her such an in-credible person and an irreplaceable part of our team. Regardless of who someone may be, when they work with Megan, they are treated with dignity and respect. Time and again, I have heard from people who are so grateful for her generosity, patience, and kind-ness. I have seen her help and stick up for her colleagues, even when that was difficult to do. Let me close by simply saying to my friend and colleague Megan O’Neill: Thank you. Thank you for everything you have done for me, for your col-leagues, for your friends in the Senate, for the State of Delaware, and our country. The Senate is a place full of amazing, talented people, but even among them, you have stood out in your time here, and we will all miss you dearly. Thank you. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Rhode Island is recognized. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, it is our re-sponsibility to ensure that future gen-erations will have greater opportunity and greater security than we inherited from our parents and our forebears. To accomplish this, we must put aside po-litical expedience and take a sober look at the health of our national econ-omy and our ability to keep our com-mitments at home and around the world. With this in mind, I rise to urge my colleagues to reject the partisan and fiscally irresponsible Republican tax proposals in the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. When we strip away the rosy, but false, economic projections and ideologically motived economic theories the Republicans have been using to hype this bill, it is clear this bill trades away our nation’s long-term economic health and the well-being of working Americans, the poor, the sick, and the old in order to benefit the wealthy. Moreover, this bill will take us trillions of dollars deeper into debt at a time when the costs of 16 years of debt-financed wars continue to mount. Republicans owe it to our country and to future generations who will be stuck with the multi-trillion-dollar cost of this bill to go back to the drawing board and produce a balanced and per-manent bipartisan path forward on our Nation’s broken Tax Code. It does not take an economist to see that the Republican tax bill is a his-toric $1.5 trillion transfer of wealth from poor and working Americans to the very wealthiest among us, but a few of its glaring injustices are worth mentioning. According to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, it gives over twice as much tax relief to millionaires as it does to Americans making under $50,000. Just 5,000 of the wealthiest American families will re-ceive hundreds of billions of dollars over a decade in the form of estate tax breaks at a time when income and wealth inequality in this country are at historic highs. This transfer of wealth through estate tax repeal alone requires us to go back to the drawing board. On the other hand, the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.032 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7284 November 16, 2017 
raises taxes on 19.4 million households earning under $200,000 by as much as $500. Forty-six percent of households making under $100,000 and 50 percent of households making under $75,000 will either see their taxes go up over the next decade or see no change at all, and that is just the tip of the iceberg. While tax cuts for big corporations are made permanent, the Republican bill plans to claw back what little it gives to everyone else after a few years, set-ting up even bigger tax hikes for the middle class down the line. This does not even begin to cover the return of TrumpCare that has been added to this bill, which would take healthcare cov-erage away from 13 million Americans and drive up costs substantially for the poor, the sick, and the elderly. This bill is a bad investment and, frankly, it is one we can ill afford. Ac-cording to the Penn Wharton Budget Model provided by the University of Pennsylvania, the bill will reduce Fed-eral revenue by as much as $1.7 trillion and increase our national debt by $2 trillion in the 10-year budget window. By 2040, this becomes $3.6 trillion in lost Federal revenue and up to $6.9 tril-lion in debt. We would take on all this debt for an estimated 0.4 to 0.9 percent boost in GDP. For $1.5 trillion, we could make needed repairs to our streets and highways across America— creating tens of thousands of jobs in the process. We could pay off every American’s credit card or student loan, or lift every American above the pov-erty line for years. Instead, this bill would put yet another massive charge on America’s credit card that will not create jobs, will not trickle down, and most certainly will not pay for itself. We still have a $5.6 trillion in deficits and interest payments from the Bush tax cuts to prove it. With over $20 tril-lion in national debt, it is long past time to stop experimenting with peo-ple’s lives and livelihoods to prove yet again there are no merits to supply- side economics. America has pressing needs and very real bills coming due. Mr. President, I would like to spend the remaining time of my remarks ad-dressing something about which we have heard far too little in this debate, and that is the impact on our national economic health of the unavoidable and compounding cost of 16 years of military conflict paid for almost en-tirely through debt. For the first time in our history, the United States re-duced revenue—in the form of the Bush tax cuts—rather than the usual pay-as- you-go approach to financing the post- 9/11 wars. While we debate potentially adding trillions of dollars to the debt for an ill-conceived tax bill, the costs of war are coming due. According to calculations in the thorough report by the Costs of War Project by the Watson Institute at Brown University, ‘‘[e]ven if the U.S. stopped spending on war at the end of this fiscal year, interest costs alone on borrowing to pay for the wars will con-tinue to grow apace . . . [f]uture inter-est costs for overseas contingency op-erations spending alone are projected to add more than $1 trillion to the na-tional debt by 2023. By 2056, a conserv-ative estimate is that the interest costs will be about $8 trillion, unless the U.S. changes the way it pays for the wars.’’ In a sense, what we are doing is mortgaging the future of our children and grandchildren as we continue to add debt, and this is unavoidable debt in so many cases. We know we cannot immediately stop our engagement in countries throughout the world—in Af-ghanistan, in the Middle East and other areas. And, frankly, we are fac-ing tremendous challenges in the Ko-rean Peninsula. The approximate com-bined President’s budget request for the Departments of Defense, State, and USAID for fiscal year 2018 is $14 billion for Iraq and Syria, and $48.9 billion for Afghanistan. Furthermore, these costs do not ac-count for much needed maintenance and modernization of our military as-sets. For example, modernizing, oper-ating, and sustaining our nuclear triad—which includes submarines, bombers, and ICBMs—is projected to cost $1.2 trillion in 2017 dollars over the next 30 years. We are debating taking $1.5 trillion and giving it to the wealthiest Americans when we know that we need an additional $1.2 trillion over 30 years to secure the safety of the United States and the civility of the world through nuclear deterrence. This begs the very simple question: If we want to borrow $1.5 trillion, why don’t we invest it in a cost we know will come due—protecting our country and the world through the renovation and reinvigoration of our nuclear triad. The Navy recently validated a re-quirement for 355 ships. This would re-quire the Navy to purchase around 329 new ships over 30 years—an average cost of $102 billion per year through 2047, which is 13 percent more than the $90 billion needed to build and operate the current 254-ship fleet envisioned in the Navy’s 2017 plan. Once again, we are committing ourselves to billions of dollars of costs to our Navy ship-building program while we are enter-taining a 1.5 or more trillion-dollar tax giveaway to the wealthiest Americans. We know these costs are coming due, but we are fooling ourselves into think-ing we can continue spending on credit forever. We can expect even greater costs if our military increases end strength, as so many on both sides of the aisle are proposing. This is because of high oper-ational tempo, which is not likely to diminish. For every additional 10,000 servicemembers, it costs roughly $1.8 billion per year for pay and benefits, and to train and equip these personnel. If the Army grows to 580,000 personnel, it will cost an additional $18 billion per year, but we are taking that money, and we are giving it in tax cuts, the prominent amount of which is going to the wealthiest Americans. We are not investing it now in increasing our mili-tary forces. If the Air Force grows by 30,000 personnel, it will cost an addi-tional $6 billion per year. If the Marine Corps grows by 20,000 personnel, it will cost an additional $3.6 billion per year. If you talk to the Commandant or Chief of Staff of the Air Force, they will tell you they have to increase the size of their force because of the oper-ational tempo. Indeed, if you talk to the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, he will tell you they are in a desperate situation maintaining sufficient pilots to fly our aircraft. So we could be buy-ing hundreds of new F–35 aircraft at a significant cost and watch them parked because we can’t afford the flight crews to fly them and to maintain them. We know these costs are coming, and we are ignoring them until they come due. We are ignoring them now for the ben-efit of these tax cuts. If we do not chart a responsible path forward on economic policy, we will leave all these costs to the next gen-eration, to the detriment of our chil-dren, our national security, and our po-sition of world leadership. Frankly, it might not be even that long before se-rious issues materialize. Once the mar-kets determine that $1.5 trillion is just a small fraction of what we still must pay to protect ourselves; to continue our commitment in Afghanistan, to continue to support allies across the globe, markets may learn very quickly that the deficit is beginning to devour us. The markets will react, as they have in the past. So we could see a seri-ous problem long before even our chil-dren confront these debts. That is why earlier today former Sec-retaries of Defense Leon Panetta, Chuck Hagel, and Ash Carter sent a letter to congressional leadership and the House and Senate Armed Services Committee leadership that warned us that the fiscal irresponsibility of the Republican tax proposal will con-tribute to a growing budget crisis. The letter urges Congress to instead ad-dress the sequester that threatens to ‘‘hollow out’’ our military’s ability to sustain the commitments of its global missions. Mr. President, tax policies have real consequences. We can debate the value of one tax proposal over another, but that is not the debate before us. The simple facts are that this tax bill will give breaks to the people who need them the least, take money from work-ing Americans, leave millions of Amer-icans sicker and worse off, and further strain our ability to keep America safe from growing and changing threats across the globe. It also threatens ex-penditures on healthcare, education, infrastructure, and other vital domes-tic needs as the debt balloons due to this bill’s unaffordable tax breaks for corporate titans. This is not what we owe the next generation. It is not even what we owe our children today. I urge my colleagues across the aisle to con-sider our Nation’s future and join us in opposing this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.037 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7285 November 16, 2017 
Like so many here, I was here in 2001 when President George W. Bush pro-posed his tax cuts, which I opposed, and assured us that our economy would grow, that jobs would multiply, that we would be fine. Let me remind my colleagues that he said this after we had made the tough decisions in the Clinton Administration that led to a projected surplus in the billions of dol-lars. The mantra from many people at the time was, let’s give the money back to the American people. We don’t have a surplus today. We have a significant deficit. It will grow with this bill because this bill says that we are going to increase it by $1.5 trillion at a minimum, and it will not be just $1.5 trillion. I suggest that, unless we abandon our commitments to the men and women of our Armed Forces, unless we decide to disengage from the deterrent that we must have to defend the Nation from a nuclear Armageddon, unless we decide to leave Afghanistan—after the Presi-dent announced that no longer are we basing our decisions on time but on conditions—there will continue to be trillions and trillions of dollars of un-avoidable costs that should be included in this debate. This is not the time to take trillions of dollars and give a disproportionate share to the wealthiest Americans. This is the time for us to work to-gether, to provide the resources for our military, to provide investments for our people, and to deal with the issue of inequality between the wealthiest 1 percent and everybody else. None of that is accomplished by this bill. In fact, this bill will complicate, com-pound, and make even more difficult the problems we face in defending the Nation and giving people a chance at having better futures. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Iowa. 
BLUE SLIPS AND THE NOMINATIONS OF DAVID  
STRAS AND KYLE DUNCAN  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, ear-lier this week, I spoke about the his-tory of the blue-slip courtesy. I hope my colleagues will read that history as well. I explained in that speech earlier this week that in my nearly four dec-ades in the Senate, I have regularly re-turned my blue slip even when I would have preferred that the President had nominated someone else. Today, I am announcing that the Ju-diciary Committee will hold a hearing for two circuit court nominees, each of whom has one home State Senator who has not returned a blue slip containing a positive endorsement. The hearing for Justice David Stras, nominee to the Eighth Circuit, and Kyle Duncan, nominee to the Fifth Cir-cuit, will take place on November 29. Both of these nominees appear to be very well qualified, and they deserve the Judiciary Committee’s further con-sideration. I would therefore like to offer an explanation as to why I am choosing to proceed on these nomina-tions and allow the hearing despite the lack of two positive blue slips. As I explained earlier this week, the blue-slip courtesy is just that—a cour-tesy. For 100 years, the Judiciary Com-mittee chairmen have asked for the views of home State Senators on judi-cial nominees via the blue-slip process. The blue slip is meant to solicit in-sights into nominees and ensure that the White House is adequately con-sulting with home State Senators as the advice part of the advice and con-sent would apply. Let me be very clear. I will maintain the blue-slip courtesy, but some of my Democratic colleagues and leftwing outside groups mistakenly assert that the blue slip affords a home State Sen-ator veto power over a nominee. That is not true. Only 2 out of the 18 pre-vious chairmen of this committee in the last 100 years allowed a single Sen-ator to wield veto power over a nomi-nee. Senator Joe Biden, when he was the Judiciary Committee chairman, articu-lated what I consider to be a sensible policy with regard to the blue slip. He said that a negative blue slip will be a ‘‘significant factor’’ for the committee to weigh, but ‘‘it will not preclude con-sideration of a nominee’’ unless the ad-ministration were to fail to consult with the Senator. I intend to follow this practice for negative and unreturned blue slips. This practice is consistent with the vast majority of the blue slip’s history. I will add that I am less likely to pro-ceed on a district court nominee who does not have two positive blue slips from home State Senators, but circuit courts, as we know, cover multiple States. There is less reason to defer to the views of a single State’s Senator for such nominees when that nominee is going to serve several States in a cir-cuit. It is important to remember that the judicial confirmation process has changed over the last several years. Previously, when home State Senators did not return a positive blue slip, their colleagues often defeated that very same nomination on the floor but not in committee. When President Bush nominated Carolyn Kuhl to the Ninth Circuit, her home State Senators did not return positive blue slips. Chairman H
ATCH , nevertheless, held a hearing and a vote for that nominee. Her home State Sen-ators, however, convinced their col-leagues to filibuster the nominee on the Senate floor. Carolyn Kuhl was never confirmed. A few years ago, as we know—I think it was in 2013—Democrats abolished the filibuster for nominees to the lower courts. They argued that a minority of Senators should not be allowed to block nominees who had majority sup-port. Our colleague, the Senator from Or-egon, said: ‘‘‘Advice and consent’ was never envisioned as a check that in-volved a minority of the Senate being able to block a Presidential [nomina-tion].’’ Well, now that Senator is with-holding his blue slip for a nominee to the Ninth Circuit. If he did not believe that 41 Senators should be able to block a nominee, he surely wouldn’t believe that a single Senator would have that right. I think the Democrats now seriously regret that they abolished the fili-buster, as I warned them about at that particular time when they were trying to add a lot of people who were not needed on the DC Circuit Court of Ap-peals, as an example—packing the court, in other words. They cannot veto it because there is not a filibuster, so they want to use the blue slip for that purpose. It is very clear from the history of the blue slip that that is not what the blue slip was meant for. On the other hand, some have argued that the blue-slip courtesy has no place in modern judicial confirmations. The LA Times recently suggested getting rid of the blue slip, as did the New York Times several years ago. Even our committee’s ranking member, Sen-ator FEINSTEIN , once advocated for abolishing the blue slip. I disagree that we should abolish the blue slip. The blue slip serves the im-portant purpose of encouraging con-sultation between the White House and the Senate. Otherwise, the constitu-tional provision of advice and consent is just consent. But there is oppor-tunity to advise ahead of time. That is what the blue slips help to do. The blue slip serves the important purpose of en-couraging consultation between the White House and the Senate. The White House has an obligation to en-gage in good-faith consultation with home State Senators for the purpose of advice. I will not allow the White House to just steamroll home State Senators, but, as I have said all along, I will not allow the blue-slip process to be abused. Ever since last November, when the press had asked me about the blue slip, I have said that we are going to honor the blue-slip process but that there are always exceptions. I am not going to allow Senators to prevent a committee hearing for political or ide-ological reasons. Those are the least reasons not to have a hearing. Using the blue slip for these purposes is not consistent with historical practice. This brings me to one of the two nominations we are having on Novem-ber 29, that of Justice David Stras of Minnesota. Justice Stras appears to be excep-tionally well qualified. He graduated first in his class from the University of Kansas Law School. He clerked for both the Ninth Circuit and the Fourth Circuit and then for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas. After several years in private practice in Minnesota, Justice Stras joined the faculty of the University of Minnesota Law School. He remained there until his appointment to the Minnesota Su-preme Court in 2010. In 2012, he was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.039 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7286 November 16, 2017 
elected to a full 6-year term on the court by 56 percent of Minnesota vot-ers. Think about one’s not returning a blue slip when somebody gets 56 per-cent of the vote to be returned to the court. Justice Stras was raised by a single mother in Kansas. He is the grandson of Holocaust survivors. He carries the lessons passed down by his grand-parents with him each day. I want to refer to a writing he just submitted to a leading newspaper. Writing recently about their survival in Auschwitz and then immigrating to the United States, he recalled that his grandfather had ‘‘the uncommon gift of being able to see the light of human generosity in the midst of near-total darkness.’’ He wrote that his grandparents em-braced ‘‘a message of optimism, in-tended to ensure that their children and grandchildren were able to lead a life free from the atrocities that they had witnessed.’’ Justice Stras has an impeccable rep-utation in the Minnesota legal commu-nity. His former colleagues at the Univer-sity of Minnesota Law School describe him as a person who ‘‘engaged in de-bate respectfully, listening to opposing ideas while backing up his own views with facts and arguments’’ and who ‘‘wanted our students to be exposed to a wide range of beliefs.’’ Another group of colleagues of Jus-tice Stras from his days in private practice describe this justice as the type of attorney who ‘‘never talked down to people’’ and ‘‘there was never any hint that he felt himself superior to anyone.’’ Instead, Justice Stras ‘‘lis-tened to others’ views, and worked to find an approach to legal problems that was both effective and acceptable to everyone on the team.’’ They also note in that letter his dedication to men-toring young lawyers. Despite these accomplishments and accolades, one Senator has withheld his blue slip. Evidently, my colleague from Minnesota believes that Justice Stras has not even earned a hearing be-fore the Senate Judiciary Committee. But the reasons given for withholding the blue slip are not consistent with the blue slip’s purposes and history. Justice Stras was nominated to the Eighth Circuit on May 8, more than 6 months ago. After many months, my colleague formally announced that he would not return a blue slip. He cited Justice Stras’s ‘‘deeply conservative judicial philosophy,’’ as well as his ad-miration for Justice Thomas and Jus-tice Scalia. To me, this amounts to an ideological litmus test: Admirers of Justice Thomas and Justice Scalia need not ever apply for being on a cir-cuit court. The Minnesota StarTribune’s edi-torial board summed it up. They said the Senator from Minnesota ‘‘rejected Stras for one reason: the justice’s con-servative views.’’ The editorial board of the largest newspaper in Minnesota echoed the re-tired justice, Paul Anderson: 
While Stras is more conservative than I would like, that is not the point. The ques-tion is whether Stras is qualified to serve on the Eighth Circuit. And he is. 
My colleague later claimed that he was not adequately consulted by the White House, which would be a legiti-mate reason for withholding a blue slip, as I hope I have implied several times during my remarks today and be-fore. So I looked into this by reviewing the records of consultation—and thank God the White House keeps pretty good records. It is clear the White House earnestly and repeatedly attempted to work with both home State Senators. The White House reached out to my colleague from Minnesota several times between January and May of this year to discuss the Eighth Circuit va-cancy that Minnesota supplies a mem-ber for. It wasn’t until May 2 that my col-league suggested alternatives to Jus-tice Stras. That was more than 3 months after initial contact by the White House. Nevertheless, the White House did what they should under the Constitution by listening to Senators. They considered my colleague’s two suggested nominees. I am satisfied that the White House adequately tried to consult with both home State Senators as the Constitution requires under ad-vice and consent. Therefore, I am not going to deny Justice Stras a hearing. I would like to say a brief word about Justice Stras’s supposedly rigid con-servative views. The Judiciary Com-mittee has received numerous letters attesting to Justice Stras’s intellec-tual honesty and, probably more im-portantly, open-mindedness. It is clear that he has great respect for the rule of law, and his tenure on the Minnesota Supreme Court demonstrates that, like any good judge, he is able to put aside his personal views and apply the law faithfully. One letter, written by a bipartisan group of attorneys from Justice Stras’s former firm, noted that they ‘‘never doubted for a minute that he reached his decisions based on his well-consid-ered view of the law, and not personal, political, or ideological consider-ations.’’ They went on to note: 
The lawyers whose names appear at the bottom of this letter span the political spec-trum, from Democrat to Republican, liberal to conservative. We differ in our political views, but we are united in our support of Justice Stras’s nomination to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. 
There are all kinds of people writing that letter—Democrats and Repub-licans, liberals and conservatives. Why is a Senator concerned about the jus-tice’s ideological views when people who know him well seem to think that is not a consideration because he is going to make a good judge? A group of former colleagues at the University of Minnesota agree. They wrote a letter to the committee stat-ing: We are Minnesota law professors with di-verse political views ranging from very con-servative to very progressive. Some of us have appeared before Justice Stras as advo-cates, and all of us are familiar with his aca-demic and judicial track records. 
Now as I continue the quote, I want to say to everybody, get this: 
He is no extremist, and he has approached his academic and judicial work without bias or favoritism. 
This support is echoed by his col-leagues in my State of Iowa. The com-mittee has received several letters of support from the faculty at the Univer-sity of Iowa College of Law where Jus-tice Stras teaches as an adjunct pro-fessor. Among his supporters are the dean of the law school, Gail Agrawal, and Professor Sheldon Kurtz, a self-de-scribed ‘‘life-long liberal.’’ Justice Stras is a widely respected jurist, and he should have a hearing. Ideological differences should not pre-vent the committee from moving for-ward. I would also like to address my deci-sion to hold a hearing for Kyle Duncan, a nominee for the Fifth Circuit. He also has not had two positive blue slips re-turned. He is a widely respected appel-late lawyer who has litigated over 30 cases in Federal and State appellate courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court. My friend and colleague, Senator K
ENNEDY of Louisiana, has declined to return a positive blue slip. However, Senator K
ENNEDY expressed that while he is undecided on Mr. Duncan’s nomi-nation, he does not oppose a hearing for Mr. Duncan. This seems to me to be a very sensible approach. It is the cor-rect distinction that a Senator should make when deciding whether to return a blue slip. The blue slip is not meant to signify the Senator’s ultimate sup-port or opposition to the nominee. It only expresses a Senator’s view about whether the nominee should have a hearing. Senator F
EINSTEIN made this precise distinction in 2003 for Carolyn Kuhl’s nomination. I referred to that nomina-tion earlier in my remarks. Senator F
EINSTEIN returned a blue slip which noted that she ‘‘reserved judgment’’ on Carolyn Kuhl. She also supported hold-ing a hearing for Judge Kuhl. Ulti-mately, after Judge Kuhl’s hearing, Senator F
EINSTEIN decided to oppose confirmation. Evidently, the hearing served a use-ful purpose, and Senator F
EINSTEIN was able to distinguish between allowing a hearing and supporting a nominee. Senator K
ENNEDY has shown that he understands this distinction as well. I look forward to hearing from Jus-tice Stras and Mr. Duncan at the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee hearing on November 29. I think that all 100 Senators ought to look at the advice and consent clause. We have an opportunity to give advice to a President. We have an opportunity then, if that nominee comes up here, to vote for that nominee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.040 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7287 November 16, 2017 
Do we want to preserve the ‘‘advice’’ part of advice and consent? If we do, I would suggest that we look at the blue slip as a useful tool for accomplishing a very important part of the process. If it is abused—at least while I am chair-man, you don’t have to worry about it going away. But if it is abused, some-day it will go away, and then all we are going to have, when it is all said and done, is consent. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I listened carefully to the excellent re-marks of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, outlining the history of the blue slip. I am going to say to the chairman that he has outlined a sen-sible use of the blue slip, which in-volves consultation but does not lead to a one-Senator veto of a nominee. I thank the chairman for the history lesson. It is a history lesson that the Senate needed to hear. I also thank the chairman for the spectacular job that he has done all year long with this new administration in processing and bringing forward highly qualified nominees. For genera-tions to come, Americans who follow the third branch will be indebted to the chairman for the way he has handled these nominations, processed them, moved them out on to the floor, and given the Senate the opportunity to ex-press its will. I wish every Member of the Senate had been able to hear the chairman’s remarks, but I am certainly going to call these remarks to the attention of our Members every opportunity I get, and I thank the Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. I thank the leader. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Nebraska. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the National De-fense Authorization Act. The process of negotiating the annual defense bill is one that has a long and important his-tory on Capitol Hill. This afternoon, the Senate voted to pass a conference report, continuing a tradition of 55 consecutive years in which the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act has been a must-pass bill for the Congress. People have a habit these days of assuming that Congress cannot pass major legislation, but this bill is a testament to the fact that when it comes to supporting our men and women in uniform, we work together to provide them with the support they need. I am happy to say that this year, we are carrying on this proud tradi-tion. This year’s National Defense Author-ization Act was passed by over-whelming bipartisan majorities in both the Senate and the House. As a mem-ber of the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee, I have been proud to do my part to help craft this bill and to be a part of the process. We live in a rapidly changing world, and, unfortunately, one that presents a growing number of threats and chal-lenges that our military must face. Across the globe, we have witnessed the rise of dangerous new threats that make the mission of our warfighters even more challenging. In Europe, Vladimir Putin has shown a complete disregard for international law and order and threatens key allies and de-mocracies that underpin the demo-cratic backbone of Europe. In the Pa-cific, we face a nuclear-armed dictator in North Korea who murders his own people while threatening mass death and destruction to the United States and to our allies. In the Middle East, we have witnessed the rapid and fear-some emergence of radical extremist groups like ISIS, whose barbarism shocks the world. Their horrific acts of bloodshed show just how dangerous this warped ideology is, and the efforts of the men and women in uniform have played a critical role in the fight to stem this dark tide. Unfortunately, this same ideology of radical extremism is finding new fol-lowers in Europe, Africa, and Asia. These threats demand that we be ready. The fact is that the United States has faced challenges before, and if one thing holds true throughout his-tory, it is that our Armed Forces will be called upon to defeat the enemies of freedom and safeguard this Nation. For them to succeed, the Congress must provide the men and women in uniform the support they need to execute their missions. That is why I am so proud to stand before you today and speak about the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. This legislation sends a clear mes-sage: Now is the time that we begin to rebuild our military. Contained in this bill is the necessary funding to start filling the gaps and ensuring our force remains the best in the world. This in-cludes increases to the size of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Reserves, and our National Guard. It also means that new, battle-ready systems are going to get the funding they need to be put in the field as quickly as possible. On land, the NDAA authorizes funding for 85 Abrams tank upgrades and 93 Brad-ley fighting vehicles. At sea, it revital-izes our fleet, authorizing 13 new ships for our Navy. In the air, it provides 90 new F–35 aircraft and 53 UH–60M Black Hawk helicopters. Across all of these domains, the fis-cal year 2018 NDAA authorizes funding for critical modernization priorities to help ensure that on every battlefield the men and women of America’s Armed Forces have the resources they need to complete the missions they are given. I serve as chair of the Armed Serv-ices Committee’s Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, and my top priority has been the modernization of our nu-clear forces and the Department of En-ergy’s nuclear weapons complex. This bill strongly supports nuclear modernization and makes a number of other key investments within the sub-committee’s jurisdiction. First, the conference report builds on important provisions included in the versions that passed both the House and the Senate this year, and it includes the adminis-tration’s request for additional missile defense funding, submitted earlier this month. In total, the bill authorizes an additional $4.4 billion above the level requested by the President when the budget was initially submitted to im-prove our missile defense systems. This includes a significant expansion of our Ground-based Midcourse Defense sys-tem and authorizes resources to begin construction of another 20 interceptor silos at Fort Greely, AK. To further en-hance the system’s effectiveness, the bill makes valuable investments in the network of radars and other sensors that support the system’s operations. The bill also contains reasonable re-forms to our military space enterprise that are designed to achieve a more streamlined and agile system that is more responsive to the needs of our warfighters. Furthermore, the bill improves the oversight and management of our nu-clear command and control architec-ture. Often overlooked, these programs form the connective tissue between our national leadership and our nuclear forces. Their reliability and resilience are vital to the effectiveness of our nu-clear deterrent. As the specter of great power conflict returns and the threat from a nuclear- armed North Korea continues to grow, our missile defense and nuclear capa-bilities will play an increasingly im-portant role in protecting our home-land. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to further modernize and strengthen these vital capabilities to ensure that we stay ahead of the threats that our Nation faces. Beyond the strategic forces portfolio, this bill recognizes that we must also rebuild our readiness and military in-frastructure here at home, which is why we have included funding in-creases in the bill to support 90 percent of the requirements for facilities sustainment, as well as a significant increase for facilities restoration and modernization. This means newly au-thorized funding to restore and mod-ernize facilities and infrastructure ranging from barracks and hospitals to runways and hangers. But let’s not forget the most impor-tant part of our effort in crafting this bill, and that is providing for the one asset we can never replace: our sol-diers, sailors, airmen, and marines. The people who wear the uniform are more valuable than any weapons system. The dedication, sacrifice, and honor they exemplify every day is why we stand here today and enjoy the free-doms this country has to offer. For that reason, included in this bill is the largest pay raise for our troops in 8 years. We have also permanently preserved special survivor indemnity allowance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.042 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7288 November 16, 2017 
payments to surviving military spouses. There are more than 60,000 Americans whose spouses have died on Active Duty or during retirement and, as a result of this legislation, this im-portant payment will no longer exist on a year-by-year basis, but it will be preserved indefinitely. Make no mistake, these are chal-lenging times for our Nation as the world is becoming an increasingly com-plex place. Now more than ever, we are asking our military to tackle difficult problems and to face adversaries who consistently seek new ways to do us harm. No matter the day, no matter the sit-uation, America’s Armed Forces stand ready to answer the call and protect our Nation. We need to uphold our sol-emn duty as Members of the Senate and keep faith with those who wear the uniform by giving them the tools they need. The 55-year legacy of passing the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act did not happen by accident. It has hap-pened because Members of this body know and Members of this body recog-nize that this bill represents a promise to our servicemembers. It is a promise that, as you stand in harm’s way, far from your families and loved ones, we stand with you. When you are deployed during a holiday or a special occasion, as many members of our own Nebraska National Guard will be this Thanks-giving, we stand with you. During late nights and early mornings in the cold, in the heat, in battle, and in peace-time, we stand with you. Passing the National Defense Au-thorization Act means keeping our end of the promise to those who serve. As a Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, it has been my honor to play a part in helping to craft this year’s bill, and I would like to thank our chairman, Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, for his leadership in guiding the com-mittee through the process. I would also like to thank America’s men and women in uniform for all that they do to keep us safe. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, the con-sideration of Federal judges with life-time appointments is perhaps the most important and long-lasting work this body will do between now and the end of the year. Every Senator—Republican and Dem-ocrat—took an oath to perform this duty. Nobody took an oath to outsource this duty to any outside or-ganization. Unfortunately, some of my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee are apparently willing to hand over their voting cards to the American Bar Association, based on the claim that the ABA is an unbiased, indifferent umpire that just calls balls and strikes. The American Bar Association is not neutral. The ABA is a liberal organiza-tion that has publicly and consistently advocated for left-of-center positions for more than two decades now. The ABA has no right to special treatment by Members of this body. It is pretty simple. If you are playing in the game, you don’t get to cherry- pick who the referees are. Take, for just a moment, a look at the amicus briefs they have filed in re-cent years. In the District of Columbia v. Heller, the ABA supported denying an indi-vidual their constitutional right to keep and bear arms. In Christian Legal Society v. Mar-tinez, the ABA supported forcing Chris-tian organizations on campuses to ac-cept members that reject their faith. In Medellin v. Texas, the ABA sup-ported forcing States to recognize the judgments of the world court in order to stop the execution of a gruesome murderer. In United States v. Windsor, the ABA supported the recognition of same-sex marriage through judicial fiat rather than through legislative debate. In Arizona v. United States, the ABA supported a constitutional ban on State and local law enforcement assist-ing in enforcing Federal immigration laws. The list goes on. In each of these cases, the ABA decided to weigh into divisive and contentious issues. This is their right, indeed, but it is definitely not neutral. In each of these cases, and many more, the ABA took what can only be described as a left-of-center po-sition. In each of these cases, the ABA was picking a side. Again—to be clear—they are abso-lutely allowed to do this. It is what makes this country great. But it is laughably naive to suggest that they are an objective and neutral organiza-tion. They are not. The ABA cannot make liberal argu-ments to the nine members of the Su-preme Court, and then walk across the street and seriously expect that the 100 Members of this body in the Senate will be treating them like unbiased ap-praisers. That is essentially what At-torney General Bill Barr said in 1992 when the ABA first began to openly take pro-abortion positions—which, by the way, led to thousands of members quitting in protest because those mem-bers knew that the ABA claims to neu-trality about political issues were no longer even possibly defensible. Then-U.S. Attorney General Bill Barr commented on the ABA’s pro-abortion advocacy at the time by saying: ‘‘By adopting the resolution and thereby endorsing one side of this debate, the ABA will endanger the perception that it is an impartial and objective asso-ciation.’’ Twenty-five years later, Barr’s words were right. His words ring true. Again, I want to be perfectly clear. The ABA is allowed to have any view that its members want to have, and they are allowed to advocate and to protest on behalf of those views and on behalf of their members. This is Amer-ica, and that is exactly what the First Amendment is about. That is fine. But what is not fine is that the ABA, which is a liberal advocacy organization, would masquerade as a neutral and ob-jective evaluator of judicial can-didates. The ABA cannot take blatantly lib-eral positions on the one hand, and then masquerade as a neutral party on the other, and then demand a special seat at the table in the Senate Judici-ary Committee and in the Senate—in this body—to try to tell us who is and isn’t supposedly qualified to be a judge. Just as the ABA has every right to advance its liberal policy positions, every Senator has the right—and in-deed, the duty—to give our advice and consent on judicial nominees. If Sen-ators decide that they like and value the ABA’s policy positions and they like and value the ABA’s rating, they are free to give them due deference and consideration, but don’t hide behind it. Don’t pretend that the ABA is some-thing that it is not. Do not ignore the facts of what the ABA has become. The American people deserve honesty, not thinly veiled partisanship. Thank you. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Rhode Island. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. After several months of negotiations, the House and Senate Armed Services Committees have arrived at a com-pleted conference agreement. Earlier today, we passed the NDAA for the 56th consecutive year. Let me highlight some of the impor-tant issues that we addressed in this agreement. This conference agreement authorizes a total of $692 billion, which includes $626.4 billion in base budget funding for the Department of Defense and certain security activities of the Department of Energy and $65.8 billion in overseas contingency operations, or OCO, funding. Of course, we could not have done it without the cooperation of all the members of the committee, including the Presiding Officer, and I thank him for his contribution and his service. This includes the administration’s $5.9 billion budget amendment we re-ceived earlier this month, which seeks an additional $4.7 billion in base budget funding to bolster missile defense and to repair two Navy ships after recent collisions, as well as $1.2 billion in OCO funding for operations in Afghanistan and for additional capabilities in the Central Command area of operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.043 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7289 November 16, 2017 
The conference agreement includes significant increases in additional re-sources aimed at restoring full spec-trum readiness, as soon as possible, across the military services. Specifi-cally, operation and maintenance fund-ing, widely known as the lifeblood readiness, was increased by $1.16 billion for the Army, $277.9 million for the Navy, $82.3 million for the Marine Corps, and $1 billion for the U.S. Air Force. This conference agreement supports the topline of $700 billion for national defense, or 050, activities, which is roughly $150 billion over the Budget Control Act cap. If the cap is not ad-justed and if this amount is fully fund-ed by the appropriators, then we would trigger the harmful across-the-board cuts of sequestration, just at the time when we are trying to restore readi-ness. I want to be clear. I agree that the DOD needs additional resources. But we must address the caps for both de-fense and nondefense activities. I remind my colleagues that under the Budget Control Act, or BCA, na-tional defense activities include cer-tain programs at the FBI and the Coast Guard, while nondefense activities in-clude the State Department, veterans’ care, Customs and Border Protection, and the TSA. We need to look at our Nation’s needs holistically, and we must remain vigilant over the amount of money the DOD can effectively uti-lize. We have to look at national secu-rity, and that includes both sides and both caps. With regard to our overseas oper-ations, the conference report author-izes the entirety of the funding request for our efforts in Afghanistan, includ-ing $1.7 billion to invest in critical aviation capabilities, such as close air support platforms and modernized ro-tary wing assets, and to continue to sustain and train the existing fleet. The report also authorizes 3,500 spe-cial immigrant visas to continue to up-hold our commitments to the many brave Afghans who have provided crit-ical support to the U.S. mission in Af-ghanistan. In this regard, let me thank Chairman M
CCAIN and Senator S HA-
HEEN , without whose efforts this provi-sion would not have been included, I believe, in the final conference. The conference report continues ro-bust support for our counterterrorism efforts against ISIS, al-Qaida, and the other violent extremist groups, includ-ing approximately $1.8 billion for the Train and Equip Programs in Iraq and Syria. It also fully funds the Depart-ment’s budget request for U.S. Special Operations Command. With this bill, we will enhance public transparency and congressional over-sight of military operations and the policies that underpin them. Most no-tably, it requires a public articulation of the legal and policy frameworks gov-erning the use of military force outside of declared war zones, as well as addi-tional reporting on civilian casualty incidents and DOD efforts to prevent them. The conference report includes a re-quirement for the Secretary of Defense to appoint a senior official in the De-partment to lead an effort to harness and integrate all of the Department’s capabilities to confront and defeat the kind of strategic influence operations that Russia has conducted against us and our allies over the last 2 years. It is vital that the Defense Department integrate its cyber capabilities with its information warfare experts to provide capabilities and options in time for next year’s election cycle in the United States and to support our allies in Eu-rope against Russian operations di-rected against them. Additionally, the conference report includes a requirement for the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State to develop and report to Congress on a comprehensive, whole-of-govern-ment strategy to counter the Russian malign influence threat. Such a de-tailed strategy must include measures to defend against and deter Russian ac-tivities related to national security, in-cluding hybrid warfare, cyber attacks, and information operations. The 2018 NDAA also authorizes the Secretary of Defense to establish the Indo-Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative, which will be used to improve our pos-ture in the Asia-Pacific region and pro-vide additional resources to increase partner capacity and multilateral exer-cises in the region. The Chief of Naval Operations’ Force Structure Assessment from last winter identified a goal of 355 ships, including 66 attack submarines. This bill makes a good downpayment on that goal by adding five ships to the budget, includ-ing one DDG–51 destroyer, two littoral combat ships, one LX(R) amphibious ship, and one expeditionary sea base. Perhaps not as dramatic, but no less important, is the addition of $698 mil-lion in the budget request to allow the Navy to begin expanding the submarine industrial base. Achieving the CNO’s force structure goal will require adding 18 attack submarines to the previous force structure goal of 48 boats. This will be no small challenge since retirement of older submarines will ex-ceed deliveries of new submarines. Dur-ing the 10-year period of 1991 to 2000, we ordered only four attack submarines— Connecticut, Jimmy Carter, Virginia, and Texas—so we have to do some catching up. Providing the resources for the Navy to expand the submarine industrial base in an orderly fashion will be a critical element of efficiency and a critical element in building up our fleet. The conference fully supports the budget requests for the modernization of the triad and its nuclear command and control to ensure we can deter ex-istential threats to our homeland. Our triad of submarines, ICBMs, and bomb-ers have been in service for decades and must be replaced. Secretary Ash Carter put the situa-tion eloquently when he said that a failure to do so, in his words, ‘‘would mean losing confidence in our ability to deter, which we can’t afford in to-day’s volatile security environment.’’ In the area of technology and acqui-sition, I am pleased that this bill shows strong support for the Department’s network of labs and test ranges, which help drive efforts to maintain our bat-tlefield technological superiority. In particular, I think this bill makes sig-nificant strides in enabling DOD to de-velop and buy the modern software and IT systems that are integral to every system, platform, and business system in the Department of Defense. Addi-tionally, it reauthorizes the Defense Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research to expand the number of universities capable of working with the Pentagon on ad-vanced research. The bill also pushes DOD to make use of advanced ‘‘Big Data’’ techniques to manage its business functions and processes. New ways of collecting, ana-lyzing, and applying the lessons of data are revolutionizing the commercial world. It is time that DOD applied these same techniques to lower costs and save money and time. The conference report also includes a provision that would allow the Army to transfer all excess firearms no longer actively issued for military service to an organic facility for the purpose of melting and repurposing. This provision not only allows the Army to divest itself of these weapons, but it will also provide a steady stream of work to our organic foundries. These are an important part of our arsenal system. Furthermore, the provision will au-thorize the Secretary of the Army to annually designate additional excess firearms that are no longer in military use to be repurposed. This common-sense approach will allow the Army to save money on storage costs, as well as repurposing these excess weapons for higher priority needs identified by the Army. I am also pleased that the conference report builds on a markup amendment by Senator N ELSON that directs the De-partment to conduct a threat assess-ment and deliver a master plan for cli-mate change adaptation. The conference report includes House language from my colleague Congress-man J
IMLANGEVIN that codifies several findings related to climate change and expresses the sense of Congress that climate change is a threat to our na-tional security. In the area of military personnel, the conference agreement accomplishes much on behalf of our servicemembers and the Department of Defense. The bill authorizes a 2.4-percent across-the- board pay raise for our troops and ex-tends authority to pay over 30 bonuses and special pays to encourage recruit-ment, retention, and continued serv-ices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.045 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7290 November 16, 2017 
It also includes authority for service Secretaries to extend by an additional year the time that the recruits may re-main in the Delayed Entry Program to ensure that background checks are completed, so that they are not unnec-essarily separated due to the fault of government. These are individuals who are here illegally. Their status is a re-sult of their joining the MAVNI Pro-gram. If this program were terminated, we would lose their service to our mili-tary forces and they would be forced to leave the country. Additionally, the bill permanently extends the special survivor indemnity allowance under the Survivor Benefit Plan, which was due to expire early next year. This ensures that widows of our veterans and servicemembers who die of service-connected causes will continue to receive their monthly ben-efit and authorizes annual cost-of-liv-ing adjustments to this benefit going forward. With regard to military family care, the report authorizes $50 million for impact aid, including $40 million in supplemental impact aid and $10 mil-lion—twice the usual amount—for mili-tary children with severe disabilities. For military families and for local school systems all across this country, this impact aid is absolutely essential. Furthermore, it requires the Depart-ment to improve pediatric care and re-lated services for children of members of the military. This bill will also improve military family readiness by addressing the shortage of qualified childcare work-ers, requiring that the realities of mili-tary life be considered in setting the operating hours of childcare centers, and by increasing flexibility for fami-lies when the military requires them to move. Let me conclude by stating the obvi-ous. The reason this bill passed was be-cause of the extraordinary bipartisan leadership of Senator J
OHNMCCAINand also because of the extraordinary bi-partisan leadership of Chairman M
AC T
HORNBERRY of the House Armed Serv-ices Committee and Ranking Member A
DAM SMITH. I look forward to working with them in the future. Finally, the conference agreement would not have been possible without the hard work of the entire committee staff, who worked diligently to help fi-nalize this agreement. I thank Chris Brose, Eric Swabb, and all the majority committee staff for their hard work this past year. On the minority side, I thank my staff director, Elizabeth King. I also thank Gary Leeling, Creighton Greene, Carolyn Chuhta, Maggie McNamara, Jonathan Clark, Jonathan Epstein, Jorie Feldman, Ozge Guzelsu, Jody Bennett, Kirk McCon-nell, Bill Monahan, Mike Noblet, John Quirk, Arun Seraphin, and Jon Green. Let me state the obvious: They do the work. Sometimes we get the credit, but the work is theirs. I am deeply ap-preciative of all of their efforts. Again, let me indicate what is obvi-ous to all our colleagues. Without the inspirational, practical, dynamic, and unrelenting leadership of Chairman MCCAIN, we would not be at this mo-ment today—the 56th consecutive pas-sage of the National Defense Author-ization Act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). The Senator from Maine. Mr. KING. Mr. President, before ad-dressing the topic that I want to take up—and I know it is one that is near and dear to the Presiding Officer’s heart—which is rural healthcare, I want to express my admiration and thanks to Senator R
EED, the Senator from Rhode Island, and Senator M
CCAINfor their incredible leadership of the Armed Services Committee. They show us what it is like to lead. They show us what it is like to take on difficult issues and to work out dif-ficult problems, and I would like to ex-press my appreciation to them for that. I see the Senator—— Mr. SASSE. Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds? Mr. KING. Absolutely. Mr. SASSE. I would just like to asso-ciate myself with your comments, sir, in praising the ranking member. Senator R
EED went through a long list of people who have gotten the NDAA across the finish line for more than half a century in a row. As a newbie rookie in this body, I have to say that serving with the two of you on the Armed Services Com-mittee is a real privilege and honor. Much of the body doesn’t work very well right now, but that committee works incredibly well. So I want to agree with the Senator from Maine that the ranking member is a huge part of why the Armed Serv-ices Committee works so well. Thank you, sir. Mr. KING. I thank the Senator. I say to Senator R
EED, I appreciate your leadership. Mr. REED. I thank the Senator from Maine and the Senator from the great State of Nebraska. Mr. SASSE. I thought you were buy-ing time. Mr. REED. No. Once again, we have been following Senator M
CCAIN, and he took us all the way. Thank you. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I did a mathematic calculation a couple of years ago, and it resulted in an inter-esting conclusion. The Senate is a rural body. Eighteen Members of the U.S. Senate represent a majority of Americans. That means 82 percent—or 82 out of 100 Senators—represent small-er States, more rural communities. Today, I want to talk about a disas-trous development that is headed for our rural communities that we have the capability to fix, and it is one we should fix sooner rather than later. I am talking about Federal funding for federally qualified health centers, which expired on October 1. Seventy percent of the funding for the FQHCs expired on October 1. One hundred per-cent of the National Health Service Corps funding expired on October 1. These are vital programs that serve rural America and provide incredibly important healthcare services. They are an overlooked part of our national healthcare system, in part because they are traditionally in rural and out-back locations. In Maine, we have 20 centers and 70 facilities scattered all over our State, and they are providing services every day to over 200,000 people. This is a vital part of our healthcare system. Yet the funding expired at the end of September, and so far nothing has been done. How important is it? In Maine, there are 1,700 employees at these facilities; a total economic impact of over $300 million a year; $8 million in State and local tax revenue and $32 million in Federal tax revenue. They provide $16 million worth of uncompensated care that goes to Maine people who need the help. They are efficient. In Maine, they have saved Medicaid over $100 million, and $257 million is the estimate for what they have saved the overall healthcare system. Again, FQHCs pro-vide 1,700 jobs and support another 1,000 jobs in their communities. But this isn’t only about economics and economic development and jobs; it is about healthcare. One in six people in Maine gets their healthcare from FQHCs—210,000 people. They accept ev-erybody who comes to their door. I have been to them all over the State. They use a sliding-fee scale for people who are low income, who don’t have in-surance, and they provide all manner of services. It depends on the center; different centers have different serv-ices. They have medical, behavioral health, dental, substance abuse treat-ment and support, case management, optometry, podiatry, OB/GYN, pre-scription assistance, outreach and en-rollment, pharmacy, radiology, and school-based healthcare services. These are the healthcare providers for rural America. And it is not only Maine; it is across the country. There are 10,000 sites across the United States. Some 26 million patients are at risk. Well, what is the big deal? The big deal is that people are going to lose their healthcare services. We estimate that in Maine, we are going to lose about 400 clinicians and administrative and support staff who will have to be laid off at the beginning of the year un-less we solve this problem in the imme-diate future. At least 25 of these sites will be forced to close, and we believe there will be almost 30,000 Maine resi-dents who will lose access to their healthcare system. Most of the FQHCs—federally quali-fied health centers—are getting by on their funding from last year, so the ex-piration of the funding hasn’t hit them yet, but it will begin to hit them on January 1. That is what we have to re-spond to. It is also already having an effect just by creating uncertainty. I got an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.047 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7291 November 16, 2017 
impassioned letter from the leader of one of our centers in Maine about the fact that they have been very dili-gently recruiting a dentist to come to their community. Dentists are very hard to come by in rural America. They had one who was ready to come, and then suddenly they heard about the uncertainty surrounding the fund-ing—that it may or may not come through—and that dentist is now re-considering their decision to go to this Maine community. That is a tragedy. That is a tragedy for the people of that town, where these services are literally not available. So what does it matter? It matters because we are talking about people losing their healthcare services. This has never been a partisan issue. I don’t think there is a heck of a lot of debate around here about the impor-tance of FQHCs and that we need to get them refunded. In fact, the Presiding Officer and Senator S
TABENOW have sponsored a bill, the CHIME Act, that would resolve this issue. We just need to get it on the floor and get it done. We have proved today by the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act that we can take major issues, bring them to the floor, and move them forward, especially those that aren’t particularly controversial. But my con-cern is that even though there doesn’t seem to be controversy, it is just not happening, and now our centers are having to make plans for layoffs, for closures, and for closing their doors to the people who need the care. This is something we can do. This is something we can resolve. It is within our power. The legislation is ready to go, and we should get this done. We are leaving today for the Thanks-giving holiday, but if we leave at the end of the year and haven’t done this, it will be a tragedy for rural America. It will be a betrayal of rural America. It will be a betrayal of our constitu-ents. All of us have been to these centers and seen the care that they provide, the caring that they provide, the pas-sion that the people bring to the serv-ices in their communities, and how much they mean to their communities. This is one of the best Federal pro-grams ever created, and it has always been supported on a bipartisan basis. I urge my colleagues today to pre-pare ourselves to get this done as soon as we possibly can when we get back after Thanksgiving. We have so much to be thankful for, and I want my peo-ple in Maine to realize that they can be thankful for those health centers that are literally lifelines in their commu-nities and mean so much to them. I be-lieve this is something we can and should and will do. Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you for being a leader on this issue. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 461, 462, 464, 478, 479, 480, 488, and 490. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Joseph Kernan, of Florida, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; Guy B. Roberts, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense; Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary of De-fense for Personnel and Readiness; Robert Behler, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of Operational Test and Eval-uation, Department of Defense; Thom-as B. Modly, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of the Navy; James F. Geurts, of Pennsylvania, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Navy; Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense; and Shon J. Manasco, of Texas, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Air Force. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Kernan, Rob-erts, Wilkie, Behler, Modly, Geurts, McMahon, and Manasco nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 491, 492, 493, 494, and all nominations placed on the Sec-retary’s desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Lesotho; Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Coun-selor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Namibia; Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy; Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Am-bassador during his tenure of service; PN1199 FOREIGN SERVICE nomina-tions (169) beginning Lisa-Felicia Afi Akorli, and ending Stephanie P. Wil-son, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the CON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD of November 1, 2017; and PN1200 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (4) beginning John R. Bass, II, and ending Sung Y. Kim, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD of November 1, 2017. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Gonzales, John-son, Goldstein, and Lawler nomina-tions and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Foreign Service en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 475, 476, and 477. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2020; Col-leen Kiko, of North Dakota, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years ex-piring July 29, 2022; and Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Author-ity for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2019. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.048 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7292 November 16, 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Abbott, Kiko, and Dubester nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 292. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Brenda Burman, of Arizona, to be Commissioner of Reclamation. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Burman nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACKIE DOUGAN JACKSON Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in a few days, Americans will celebrate Thanks-giving, a holiday that is filled with meaning and memories and, if we are lucky, sumptuous meals shared with family and friends. Thanksgiving began as America’s na-tional harvest festival, a day to give thanks for our rich and fertile land and the great bounty of food it produces. On this long Thanksgiving weekend, I plan to spend a few hours reading the latest book from one of my favorite friends whose works capture in loving detail life on her family’s Wisconsin dairy farm, but even more, the rock- solid values that sustained her family and her life. The book is called ‘‘The Round Barn: Biography of an American Farm.’’ As one reviewer wrote, reading it ‘‘is like sitting on the porch of an early 20th century dairy farm and watching an era in American history pass right be-fore your eyes.’’ The Round Barn books—there are three of them now—are the creations of Jackie Dougan Jackson, a novelist, poet, professor, mentor to generations of writers, and one of the best-loved residents in my hometown of Spring-field, IL. She lives in a big, old home in Springfield which, legend has it, was once visited by another master story-teller, Abraham Lincoln. Loretta and I are lucky to count Jackie as a dear friend of many years. She is a kind, creative soul who never fails to reach out to help others. At the age of 89, she is still filled with energy, empathy and curiosity about nearly ev-erything. The Round Barn books keep a prom-ise that Jackie made to her grand-father W.J. Dougan when she was just 15 years old. She vowed then that one day she would write a history of the dairy farm that W.J. had founded in 1906, the farm on which three genera-tions of Jackie’s family lived and worked. Jackie Jackson throws open the Round Barn doors at the Dougan fam-ily farm to tell us an American story. She gives us a rich history of farm life at the mercy of the forces of science and the market but grounded in rock- solid Midwestern values. Some of those values were painted onto the silo of the family’s round barn. W.J. titled the list ‘‘Aims for the Farm.’’ They were: ‘‘#1. Good Crops; #2. Proper Storage; #3. Profitable Live Stock; #4. A Stable Market’’—and most important of all—‘‘#5. Life as Well as a Living.’’ W.J. Dougan was a deeply spiritual man and a hard worker. He struggled for years to put himself through col-lege and became a Methodist minister, but encroaching deafness forced him to give up the religious life he loved. In 1906, he bought a dairy farm near Beloit, WI. The Round Barn was built in 1911. W.J. chose the unusual shape because he believed that a barn braced on a central concrete pillar was cheaper to build, more efficient for a dairy oper-ation, and less likely to blow away in a tornado. The Round Barn quickly be-came a county landmark. W.J. marketed himself as ‘‘the Babies Milk Man,’’ and he succeeded through hard work, dedication to his customers and community, and an unusual talent for spotting and adopting cutting-edge advances in agriculture. In 1925, he was named a ‘‘Master Farmer’’ by a pres-tigious agricultural organization, one of only 23 Midwestern farmers so hon-ored. Even so, the Great Depression, which destroyed so many family farms and businesses, nearly wiped out the Dougan Guernsey Dairy Farm. In 1930, bankruptcy papers were drawn up but never filed. Jackie was born in 1928, the year be-fore the Great Depression, one of four children of W.J.’s son Ronald and Ron-ald’s wife, Eunice. Jackie was a natural born writer, a prodigy. When she was 8 she wrote a short story that took first prize in a Beloit citywide contest. Her first novel was serialized in the Galesburg Post in Illinois when she was 10. She majored in classics at Beloit Col-lege, married, and then moved with her new husband to Ann Arbor, where they both earned master’s degrees. The couple had four daughters. Jack-ie would go on to earn a doctorate in Latin from the University of Wis-consin. She was teaching writing at Kent State University in Ohio in 1967 when her father suffered a heart attack. Jackie went home and sat at his hos-pital bedside for weeks as he recounted stories of life on the family farm. Back in Ohio after her father’s recov-ery, Jackie became aware of a deep longing within her to reconnect with her rural beginnings. As she described it in one of her Round Barn books: There has been another clock within her. She didn’t set it nor place it there. It’s been geared not to hours but to cycles; the daily precession of milking and bottling, feeding and cleaning the yearly procession of plant-ing, cultivating, harvesting. It’s been set to sun, moon, health, cold, wet dry. But now if there’s a heavy spring freeze, she puts on a coat without sensing the loss of crisp that might result from too-late planting. If the sky lowers black, she takes an umbrella without feeling the sway of the hay wagon racing to reach the barn before the cloud-burst. Her dailiness is not this class, that lecture, the next trip to the stacks. . . . It was the ground she’d stood on, the air she’d breathed. She had no special moment, no epiphany to explain the realization of loss that came over her. She only knows that something elemental is gone and has been gone for some time. That it’s probably irre-trievable, unless she changes the path she’s treading. 
So that is what she did. Jackie Jack-son changed her life’s path. She moved to Springfield, IL, and accepted a posi-tion teaching literature and writing at an innovative university that was just opening, Sangaman State University, now the University of Illinois at Springfield. For years, she had been collecting stories and recollections about the Round Barn, her family, the dairy’s customers, and the townspeople. Her trove of tales included her own note-books, stretching back to when she was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.049 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7293 November 16, 2017 
8, the stories her father had told her from his hospital bed, letters and notes left by her grandfather, and much more. She became a sort of detective, find-ing more letters tucked into framed pictures, stuck to the attic floor in the old family home all sorts of unexpected places. Each letter or scrap of paper be-came a piece of the family puzzle. In 1976, she began to fashion the notes and letters into the first Round Barn book. The book published this month, ‘‘The Round Barn: Biography of an American Farm’ is the fulfillment of her promise to her grandfather, her magnum opus, a detailed and loving portrait of a way of life that no longer exists. The Dougan Guernsey Dairy Farm ceased operating in 1967, just as agri-business and large corporate farms were beginning to redefine American farming. In 1979, the Round Barn was added to the National Registry of Historic Places. By 2012, the dilapidated old structure had become a safety hazard, and it was torn down, but thanks to Jackie Jack-son’s beautifully detailed biography of her family’s farm and the people who lived and worked there, generations from now readers will still be able to visit the magical world of the Round Barn. As this Thanksgiving Day, this American harvest festival, approaches, I am thankful for the Round Barn books that capture a bygone day of American farming like holograms, and Loretta and I are grateful to our friend Jackie for giving the world such a gift. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 277, on the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 278, on the motion to invoke cloture on Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States district judge for the District of South Carolina. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 279, on the motion to invoke cloture on Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States district judge for the District of Columbia. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 280, on the nomination of Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States district judge for the District of South Caro-lina. Had I been present, I would have voted yea.∑ (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on con-firmation of Executive Calendar No. 300, the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 313, the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Cal-endar No. 314, and the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 313. On vote No. 277, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 300. On vote No. 278, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 313. On Vote No. 279, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Cal-endar No. 314. On Vote No. 280, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the con-firmation of Executive Calendar No. 313.∑ f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I would like to review for the Senate the status of appropriations for fiscal year 2018. The Appropriations Committee has marked up 8 of the 12 regular appro-priations bills for this fiscal year. The committee has also processed two sup-plemental appropriations bills and one continuing resolution. We have little time to finalize the regular appropriations bills and to con-sider additional supplemental appro-priations requests for defense and for natural disaster recovery. We need a new budget deal to finish our work. Congress and the administra-tion must reach agreement on accept-able top-line funding levels for defense and nondefense programs. At the funding cap currently in law, the Appropriations Committee would be hard-pressed to write a 2018 Defense bill that fully meets our national secu-rity needs or reflects the priorities of the Senate. The current continuing resolution expires on December 8. We cannot af-ford to extend that CR into next year. A budget agreement is necessary for the Senate to approve responsible ap-propriations legislation. I urge all par-ties to those negotiations to redouble their efforts to reach agreement. 
f 
WORLD DAY OF REMEMBRANCE FOR ROAD TRAFFIC VICTIMS Mr. VAN HOLLEN. The World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims commemorates the millions of people killed and injured on the world’s roads. It is also a day to thank emergency services for their role in saving lives; to reflect on the impact of road deaths on families and communities; and to draw attention to the need for im-proved legislation, awareness, infra-structure, technology, and post-crash responses to save more families from the tragedy of losing a loved one. The theme of this year’s World Day of Remembrance is ‘‘2020 Target: Re-duce Road Fatalities and Serious Inju-ries by 50%.’’ It refers to the UN Sus-tainable Development Goal 3.6 which calls on governments and their stake-holders, including NGOs and private citizens, to address the personal, med-ical, and financial burden that road deaths and injuries cause; 1.25 million people die from road crashes every year, and tens of millions are seriously injured. Road traffic crashes are the No. 1 killer of young people aged 15 to 29 and the eighth leading cause of death among all people worldwide. Rochelle Sobel, president of the Asso-ciation for Safe International Road Travel, said, ‘‘The World Day of Re-membrance is an important oppor-tunity to stand together with the glob-al community to commemorate road victims and call for an end to the crisis on our roads. No one should have to go through the needless, preventable loss of a child, a brother, a mother, a friend, killed in a road traffic crash. This year’s theme to reduce the num-ber of deaths by 50% by 2020, reminds us of the need to drive responsibly, educate our children, and advocate with our governments to implement and enforce policies that will protect road users and prevent more families from suffering the pain of losing a loved one on the road.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO PETTY OFFICER SEC-OND CLASS TERENCE PARSONS ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor PO2 Terence Parsons of Genesee, ID, whom the United Service Organization, USO has recognized as the USO’s Sailor of the Year for 2017. Terence Parsons took action to assist two motorists involved in car accidents and marines involved in a mass cas-ualty situation. The USO explained, ‘‘Displaying unselfish devotion and great heroism, Terence Parsons, a Navy corpsman, put himself in harm’s way to assist members of the commu-nity. While off duty on two separate occasions, he witnessed car accidents that caused potentially life-threat-ening injuries to the victims involved. With little thought of his own safety, Parsons responded by providing life-saving treatment.’’ The USO further commended Terence Parsons for his re-sponse to a mass casualty event of 18 marines suffering multiple injuries sus-tained during U.S.S. Oak Hill U.S.S. Kearsarge amphibious warfare quali-fications. Terence Parsons’ quick ac-tion was pivotal in preventing further injury and saved numerous lives. Terence joined the U.S. Navy in 2011 and credits the values, including a re-spect for hard work and teamwork, he obtained growing up in Genesee and the support of his family, command and friends with enabling his military success. Terence Parsons has also re-ceived many other recognitions for his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.044 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7294 November 16, 2017 
distinguished service. These honors in-clude the Navy and Marine Corps Com-mendation Medal and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal. Con-gratulations, PO2 Terrence Parsons, on receiving this recognition, and thank you for your exceptional service on be-half of our Nation. You and the out-standing servicemembers you serve alongside are true assets to our com-munities, State, and Nation. I com-mend you on your achievements and wish you continued success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RAY HAGEMAN ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Garfield County’s fire warden, Ray Hageman, for his actions to orga-nize and coordinate the local response to the Lodgepole Complex fire. Ray and his team worked to preserve the lives and livelihoods that were threatened by this devastating fire. Their actions exemplify the resolute character of the Treasure State. The Lodgepole Complex fire was one of the largest fires of the 2017 wildfire season. When first responders finally defeated the flames, well over a quar-ter million acres of land had burned. Ray was on the frontlines of this rural fire, orchestrating the distribution of local equipment, coordinating effective initial response techniques, and help-ing to integrate the efforts of partner firefighting organizations from outside the county. Effective local leaders like Ray are supported by the committed team members they lead, team members like Garfield County’s Anne Miller, who was the public information officer for the Lodgepole Complex fire. Anne worked around-the-clock at the begin-ning of the fire to build a common un-derstanding of a changing fire environ-ment. By enabling open and clear lines of communication, she strengthened the team’s fire response efforts and saved many Montanans from potential loss of property and life. Ray and his team weathered one of the largest wildfires in the Nation. Their courage in the face of adversity serves as an inspiration to all Mon-tanans. Thank you, Ray, for leading under such difficult circumstances and working hard to protect Montanans from wildfires.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IKE MORRIS ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the 80th birthday of Ike Morris, a proud honorary West Vir-ginian, a legendary businessman, and one of the dearest friends I have ever known. There is no better position to find yourself in than being able to give back to the community you love. I can at-test my small hometown of Farm-ington helped mold who I am, and it brings so much joy to my life to be able to give back to the place that shaped me. Ike and I share a bond rooted in public service. Whether supporting Glenville State College or getting the tab at the Cornerstone Cafe in Glen-ville, Ike enjoys every minute of it. Ike got his start working for his fa-ther in the oil and gas business. Want-ing to set out on his own, Ike moved to West Virginia in 1962 and worked serv-icing rigs until he established Waco Oil & Gas in 1975. No one in the north cen-tral region of the Mountain State gets confused when someone mentions ‘‘Waco.’’ When you say ‘‘Waco’’ around here, people think of Ike Morris. They don’t think of Texas. It was in Glenville where Ike met the love of his life, Sue. He knew Sue was the right woman for him, and he knew that West Virginia was the right State for him. They have been married for over 50 years. As Ike can attest, once you come to West Virginia, it becomes part of you forever. The Mountain State made a lasting impact on him, and he and his family have made a last-ing impact on the Mountain State. Ike is truly one of the most humble, gen-erous and hard-working people I know. Together, Ike and Sue have contrib-uted to the success of many projects at Glenville State College, which is also home to the I.L. ‘‘Ike’’ and Sue Morris Stadium. As a lifelong educator and 1965 alumna of Glenville State, Sue knows how vital it is that our edu-cational institutions are provided with the tools needed to keep up with ever- changing technologies. Their generous spirit and compassion extend through-out the Glenville community and be-yond, touching the lives of countless West Virginia workers, students, and businessowners—all traits they have passed to their children and grand-children. Ike and Sue’s children, Shelly and Doug, have both made Glenville their home. Ike and Sue are blessed with and immeasurably proud of their four grandchildren—Hannah, Luke, Ian, and Jordan—and their great-grand-daughter, Arianna. Ike wouldn’t let me stop without mentioning his beloved companion, Waco, his Labrador Re-triever. Ike, as your family and friends honor you, I know this will be a sincerely memorable occasion for you to reflect on your many accomplishments and ex-periences, while you enjoy the com-pany of your loved ones. You have pro-vided so much happiness and wisdom to the lives of those around you through-out the years. It is my wish that the memory of this special day remains with you and Sue just as your guidance and influence will remain in all the lives you have touched. Again, it is with the greatest admira-tion that I send to you my best wishes on your special day. Happy Birthday. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ANNA KATHERINE DIGGS TAYLOR ∑Mr. President, today I wish to recog-nize and honor the life and legacy of the Honorable Anna Katherine Diggs Taylor of Detroit, MI, for her trail-blazing career as the first African- American female judge appointed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. Judge Taylor was born Anna Kath-erine Johnston on December 9, 1932, to parents Virginius Douglass Johnston and Hazel Bramlette Johnston in Washington, DC. Her father Virginius served as treasurer for the prestigious Historically Black College, Howard University, while her mother Hazel was a business teacher and homemaker. In a quest to equip their daughter with the best education and set the foundation for her legal career, Virginius and Hazel Johnston enrolled Judge Taylor in the Northfield School for Girls, one of very few schools ac-cepting African-American students. She graduated from Northfield in 1950. After graduation, she went on to at-tend Columbia University’s Barnard College for her bachelor’s degree and received her law degree from Yale in 1957. Judge Taylor’s historic career began after her graduation when she became a staff lawyer in the Solicitor’s office of the U.S. Department of Labor. After her post at the Department of Labor, she moved to Michigan and became the Assistant Prosecutor for Wayne Coun-ty in 1961. The Jim Crow era of the South was a harrowing time for America, and Judge Taylor courageously fought for civil rights during the 1960s. During the his-toric Freedom Summer campaign in 1964, she represented civil rights work-ers in Mississippi that were arrested for assisting African Americans in ex-ercising their fundamental right to vote. Upon her arrival in Mississippi, three civil rights workers—James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner—went missing. While in-quiring on their disappearance at the Neshoba County courthouse, she was met with disdain and racial epithets from a crowd gathering around the courthouse. Following the terror she witnessed in Mississippi, where she feared for her own life, Judge Taylor returned to Michigan and continued to fight for equality with an intense determina-tion. In 1966, she served as an assistant attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan. After a brief period in the private sector, Judge Taylor joined State Senator Coleman A. Young’s campaign for mayor of Detroit. Once elected mayor of Detroit, Coleman Young enlisted her help to improve ra-cial inequality in the city. After working on President Jimmy Carter’s campaign, President Carter nominated Judge Taylor for the U.S. District Court in Detroit in 1979. Her appointment made her the first Afri-can-American woman to serve as judge in the United States Sixth Circuit Court. She went on to make groundbreaking rulings and became chief judge, serving from 1997 to 1998. After a 32-year career on the bench, Judge Diggs Taylor retired in 2011. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.049 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7295 November 16, 2017 
The Honorable Anna Katherine Diggs Taylor made a tremendous impact on America’s judicial landscape. She was a formidable force on the bench, as well as gracious in character. Judge Taylor has received many recognitions throughout her impressive six-decade career and will be remembered as a champion for civil rights. Judge Taylor is survived by her husband, S. Martin Taylor, son Douglass Johnston Diggs, and daughter Carla Diggs Smith, four grandchildren, brother Lowell Douglass Johnston, as well as many relatives, friends, and colleagues. It is my hope that her legacy will inspire the next generation of leaders to follow their passion and to conquer each obstacle in front of them.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROGER MEYER ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Roger Meyer for all of his hard work on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Dakota while working in my Washington, DC, office. Roger has devoted the majority of his career to public service, including working in Congress and at the Depart-ment of Energy. In addition, Roger spent time on detail at the Federal Emergency Management Agency as an adviser to the Small State and Rural Advocate. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Roger for his years in public service and wish him all the best in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VAN PACE ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Van Pace for all of her hard work on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Dakota while work-ing in my Washington, DC, office. Van has spent the majority of her ca-reer in public service, including time with the U.S. Department of Energy, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and most recently with the Department of Homeland Security. Im-mediately before her time in my office, Van was advising Federal offices and nonprofit organizations on regulatory requirements for grant awards. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Van for her years in pub-lic service and wish her all the best in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:12 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1207. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 2331. An act to require a new or up-dated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes. H.R. 2672. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2873. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3369. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3821. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3893. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4174. An act to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal eval-uation activities, improve Federal data man-agement, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House agreed to the following concur-rent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 92. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the deep and abiding friendship be-tween the United States and Israel. 
At 11:01 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agreed to the report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Sen-ate to the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 4:28 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 1545. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose cer-tain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3949. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approving agencies for multi-State ap-prenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4374. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical prod-ucts to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other pur-poses. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. S
TRANGE ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1207. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 2672. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 2873. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 3369. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3821. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 3893. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4174 An act to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal eval-uation activities, improve Federal data man-agement, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
The following concurrent resolution was read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 92. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the deep and abiding friendship be-tween the United States and Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3457. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Disturbance Control Standard—Contingency Reserve for Recovery from a Balancing Contingency Event Reliability Standard’’ ((RIN1902–AF21) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.051 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7296 November 16, 2017 
(Docket No. RM16–7–000)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–3458. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0188–2017–0196); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3459. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the six-month period from April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3460. A communication from the Acting Commissioner, Social Security Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3461. A communication from the Acting Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fis-cal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3462. A communication from the Presi-dent and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Founda-tion’s fiscal year 2017 Annual Management Report; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3463. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Re-source Locator (URL) for the Department of Defense Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3464. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Re-source Locator (URL) for the Department of Defense Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3465. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Surface Transportation Board, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Per-formance and Accountability Report for fis-cal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO, from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1591. A bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with-out amendment: S. 2099. A bill to provide for the manage-ment by the Secretary of Agriculture of cer-tain Federal land, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *Glen R. Smith, of Iowa, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term ex-piring May 21, 2022. By Mr. MCCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. *Anthony Kurta, of Montana, to be a Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. *Gregory E. Maggs, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces for the term of fifteen years to expire on the date prescribed by law. *James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Scott W. Brady, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania for the term of four years. Andrew E. Lelling, of Massachusetts, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2136. A bill to expand the monthly pay-ments that may be eligible for public service loan forgiveness; to the Committee on Health, Education , Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. H
OEVEN ): S. 2137. A bill to amend the Rural Develop-ment Act of 1972 to improve access to grants for evidence-based substance use disorder treatment services in rural areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 2138. A bill to authorize the creation of a commission to develop voluntary accessi-bility guidelines for electronic instructional materials and related technologies used in postsecondary education, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 2139. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to address critical conservation conditions under the regional conservation partnership program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. RISCH: S. 2140. A bill to provide for an exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land in the State of Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P AUL, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. HASSAN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. B OOKER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2141. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to reform procedures for deter-minations on disposition of charges and the convening of courts-martial for certain of-fenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. KING: S. 2142. A bill to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to establish the CHP Technical Assistance Partnership Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. U DALL , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. M AR-
KEY): S. 2143. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employment, to expand coverage under such Act, to provide a process for achieving initial collective bargaining agreements, and to provide for stronger remedies for inter-ference with these rights, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. R EED, Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 2144. A bill to provide a process for granting lawful permanent resident status to aliens from certain countries who meet spec-ified eligibility requirements; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 2145. A bill to prohibit the United States Government from barring refugees from en-tering the United States based on their coun-try of origin; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 2146. A bill to extend the full Federal medical assistance percentage to urban In-dian organizations; to the Committee on In-dian Affairs. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mr. M ANCHIN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D ONNELLY , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 2147. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Reha-bilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Rehabilitation Administration within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2148. A bill to authorize dedicated do-mestic terrorism offices within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.015 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7297 November 16, 2017 
of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation to analyze and monitor domestic terrorist activity and require the Federal Government to take steps to prevent domes-tic terrorism; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2149. A bill to make a technical correc-tion to the provision of law authorizing a withdrawal and reservation of public land at Limestone Hills Training Area, Montana; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: S. 2150. A bill to improve requirements for entering into commerce of imitation fire-arms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 2151. A bill to streamline the oil and gas permitting process and to recognize fee own-ership for certain oil and gas drilling or spac-ing units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. T
OOMEY ): S. 2152. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for vic-tims of child pornography, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HELLER: S. 2153. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to establish electric vehicle weight limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. MORAN: S. 2154. A bill to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. K ING, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. B ENNET ): S. 2155. A bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and en-hance consumer protections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. B
URR): S. 2156. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide fairness in hospital payments under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H AS-
SAN, and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 2157. A bill to require drug manufactur-ers to disclose the prices of prescription drugs in any direct-to-consumer advertising and marketing to practitioners of a drug; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 2158. A bill to amend the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to clarify and improve the procedures and account-ability for authorizing certain acquisitions of foreign intelligence, to extend title VII of such Act, to ensure that the barriers to shar-ing critical foreign intelligence among the intelligence community that existed before September 11, 2001, are not reimposed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. H ARRIS , and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 2159. A bill to require covered harass-ment and covered discrimination awareness and prevention training for Members, offi-cers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress within 30 days of em-ployment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial climate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Of-fice of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered harassment and covered discrimina-tion complaints, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. RISCH, and Mr. C RAPO ): S. 2160. A bill to establish a pilot program under the Chief of the Forest Service may use alternative dispute resolution in lieu of judicial review of certain projects; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. Res. 335. A resolution designating the week of November 19 through November 25, 2017, during which the holiday of Thanks-giving is observed, as ‘‘National Family Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. Res. 336. A resolution recognizing the se-riousness of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and expressing support for the designation of the month of September 2018 as ‘‘Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. Res. 337. A resolution designating No-vember 26, 2017, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Res. 338. A resolution commending and congratulating the Houston Astros on win-ning the 2017 Major League Baseball World Series; considered and agreed to. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. L
EAHY , and Mr. R EED): S. Res. 339. A resolution designating No-vember 2017 as ‘‘National Runaway Preven-tion Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, and Mr. I NHOFE ): S. Res. 340. A resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 3d Infantry Divi-sion; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. H OEVEN ): S. Res. 341. A resolution designating the week beginning November 13, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Apprenticeship Week’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary . By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. R
EED): S. Res. 342. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that States, cities, Trib-al nations, businesses, and institutions of higher education in the United States should work towards achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. MENEN -
DEZ, Mr. R UBIO, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Con. Res. 30. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress with respect to United States policy toward Tibet and that the treatment of the Tibetan people should be an important factor in the conduct of United States relations with the People’s Republic of China; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer- sponsored health coverage. 
S. 63 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 63, a bill to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 91 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 91, a bill to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Serv-ices Demonstration Act of 1992 to fa-cilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Fed-eral sources, and for other purposes. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of do-mestic violence, sexual assault, stalk-ing, and dating violence from emo-tional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 426 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 426, a bill to increase edu-cational assistance provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for edu-cation and training of physician assist-ants of the Department, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Depart-ment, and for other purposes. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 654, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 732 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 732, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.020 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7298 November 16, 2017 
tax credit against income tax for the purchase of qualified access technology for the blind. 
S. 793 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 793, a bill to prohibit sale of shark fins, and for other purposes. 
S. 978 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 978, a bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish an award pro-gram recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system employees pro-viding services to students in pre-kindergarten through higher edu-cation. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand access to telehealth services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1064 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1064, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to prohibit the stigmatization of children who are unable to pay for meals. 
S. 1281 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1281, a bill to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
S. 1413 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1413, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Education to award grants to establish teacher leader development programs. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1591, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1738 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1738, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a home infusion therapy services tem-porary transitional payment under the Medicare program. 
S. 1871 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1871, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. S. 1927 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1927, a bill to amend section 455(m) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to allow adjunct faculty members to qualify for public service loan for-giveness. 
S. 1962 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1962, a bill to provide relief to com-munity banks, to promote access to capital for community banks, and for other purposes. 
S. 2057 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2057, a bill to prevent con-flicts of interest that stem from the re-volving door that raises concerns about the independence of pharmaceutical regulators. 
S. 2129 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2129, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to establish a punitive article in the Uniform Code of Military Justice on domestic violence, and for other purposes. 
S. 2135 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Alas-ka (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2135, a bill to enforce current law regarding the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem. 
S. RES. 291 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 291, a resolution affirming the historical con-nection of the Jewish people to the an-cient and sacred city of Jerusalem and condemning efforts at the United Na-tions Educational, Scientific, and Cul-tural Organization (UNESCO) to deny Judaism’s millennia-old historical, re-ligious, and cultural ties to Jerusalem. 
S. RES. 319 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 319, a resolution supporting the goals, activities, and ideals of Pre-maturity Awareness Month. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for him-self, Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. CASEY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): S. 2139. A bill to amend the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 to address critical conservation conditions under the re-gional conservation partnership pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I am introducing the Chesapeake Bay Farm Bill Enhancements Act of 2017 to accelerate our efforts to restore the health of one of America’s greatest natural treasures—the Chesapeake Bay. This legislation will strengthen our Bay clean-up program by increas-ing and better targeting resources under the Regional Conservation Part-nership Program (RCPP), which is ad-ministered by the Department of Agri-culture (USDA). I have long advocated for more effec-tive protection, preservation, and res-toration of the Chesapeake Bay. Dur-ing the development of the Farm Bill of 2008, I worked with my colleagues to adopt the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative, which provided assistance to farmers to help them prevent the ex-cessive runoff of nutrients and sedi-ments into the Bay and its tributaries. As a result of that initiative, about $50 million was invested annually in the Chesapeake Bay watershed. In the 2014 Farm Bill, the RCPP was established to expand the successful concept of the Chesapeake Bay Initia-tive to our vital watersheds in the country. The goal of RCPP is to en-courage stakeholders to partner with agricultural producers to increase the restoration and sustainable use of soil, water, wildlife and related natural re-sources on regional or watershed scales. Mr. President, while very successful nationally, the overall investment in Chesapeake Bay restoration efforts through the RCPP has been reduced relative to investments that were made under the stand-alone Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative. That is why today I am introducing the Chesapeake Bay Farm Bill Enhancements Act to make refinements to the RCPP in order to improve conservation efforts in the Chesapeake Bay—and other vital watersheds—through providing addi-tional funding, bolstering the role of critical conservation areas, and im-proving technical assistance. On funding, this bill will triple the amount of mandatory funding for RCPP available per fiscal year from $100 million to $300 million. The bill also allows in-kind support to count to-wards a partner’s matching contribu-tion to a project. The Chesapeake Bay has already been designated as a Critical Conserva-tion Area under the RCPP. However, my bill will make refinements to the requirements for partnership agree-ments awarded within Critical Con-servation Areas that recognize key 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.022 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7299 November 16, 2017 
strengths of the Chesapeake Bay re-gion. For example, the bill will strengthen the definitions of a critical conservation area to include critical conservation conditions that would im-prove water quality and water quan-tity. Furthermore, the bill adds a prioritization for partnership agree-ment applications that implement the project consistent with multi-State watershed restoration plans and bring together a diverse array of stake-holders into a project. I have heard from many organiza-tions in my state and others states in the Bay watershed that there is a sig-nificant need for better technical as-sistance to better implement the RCPP. Therefore, my bill authorizes the USDA to advance reasonable amounts of funding to eligible partners for technical assistance. Also, the bill allows the USDA to provide written feedback to applicants throughout the application process on how the pro-posals can be improved. Mr. President, I am pleased to be joined in introducing the bill by Sen-ator C
ARDIN , a long-time supporter of the Chesapeake Bay. My other Bay state colleagues, Senators C
APITO , K
AINE, CASEY , MANCHIN , WARNER , CAR-
PER, COONS and G ILLIBRAND are also original cosponsors of the Chesapeake Bay Farm Bill Enhancements Act. My former colleague Congressman B
OBBY  S
COTT is introducing a companion measure in the House of Representa-tives. Furthermore, I am grateful that this bill has the support of Maryland Governor Hogan, 4 other Governors within the Chesapeake Bay Watershed, the Mayor of the District of Columbia, and the Chesapeake Bay Commission. This bill is also supported by over 70 organizations such as the Chesapeake Bay Foundation, and Choose Clean Water. Together, I look forward to working together to see the inclusion of this important legislation in the next Farm Bill. 
By Mr. RISCH: S. 2140. A bill to provide for an ex-change of Federal land and non-Federal land in the State of Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Blackrock Land Exchange Act of 2017. The legislation supports a mutually beneficial effort between the Bureau of Land Management and the J.R. Simplot Company in Idaho that began over 20 years ago. Simplot proposed an exchange of their privately owned land with superior natural resources and recreational opportunities for a similar sized parcel of BLM land adjacent to a Simplot phosphate processing facility. This facility adds significant value to the Pocatello, Idaho area as a large employer that sustains over 350 jobs with an over $55 million annual eco-nomic impact. In 2007, BLM issued a Final Decision Record on the Environmental Assess-ment concluding the exchange would have no significant environmental im-pact, which was reaffirmed in 2009 by the Department of Interior Board of Land Appeals. However, the exchange has been held up since 2011 due to the District Court for Idaho ruling that BLM needed to prepare a full Environ-mental Impact Statement including detailed future use to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. This raises the possibility of a dan-gerous precedent for future land con-veyances, as the exchange itself does not authorize further activities. Future use of the proposed adjacent land by the phosphate facility would still be subject to NEPA with opportunity for public comment. Halting the Blackrock Land Exchange for this rea-son could largely increase the scope, length, and cost of the NEPA process. This bill will allow for this exchange in Idaho that has support from—State and local government as well as var-ious land users. It will also protect fu-ture exchanges from cycles of unneces-sary review and litigation. The Blackrock Land Exchange Act of 2017 is in the best interest of Idaho land users, local economies, and future uti-lization of government land. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2148. A bill to authorize dedicated domestic terrorism offices within the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze and monitor domestic terrorist activity and require the Federal Government to take steps to prevent domestic ter-rorism; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2148 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) White supremacists and other right- wing extremists are the most significant do-mestic terrorism threat facing the United States. (2) A 2009 report from the Extremism and Radicalization Branch of the Department of Homeland Security concluded ‘‘that lone wolves and small terrorist cells embracing violent right-wing extremist ideology are the most dangerous domestic terrorism threat in the United States’’. (3) An unclassified May 2017 joint intel-ligence bulletin from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Home-land Security found that ‘‘white supremacist extremism poses [a] persistent threat of le-thal violence,’’ and that white supremacists ‘‘were responsible for 49 homicides in 26 at-tacks from 2000 to 2016 . . . more than any other domestic extremist movement’’. (4) According to the New America Founda-tion, since September 11, 2001, 76 Americans have died in terrorist attacks by domestic extremists in the United States. 89 percent were killed by far-right-wing extremists. (5) The fatal attacks described in para-graph (4) include— (A) the August 5, 2012, mass shooting at a Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, in which a white supremacist shot and killed 6 members of the gurdwara; (B) the April 13, 2014, mass shooting at a Jewish community center and a Jewish as-sisted living facility in Overland Park, Kan-sas, in which a neo-Nazi shot and killed 3 ci-vilians, including a 14-year-old teenager; (C) the June 8, 2014, ambush in Las Vegas, Nevada, in which 2 supporters of the far right-wing ‘‘patriot’’ movement shot and killed 2 police officers and a civilian; (D) the June 17, 2015, mass shooting at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina, in which a white supremacist shot and killed 9 members of the church; (E) the November 27, 2015, mass shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, Colorado, in which an anti-abortion extremist shot and killed a police officer and 2 civilians; (F) the March 20, 2017, murder of an Afri-can-American man in New York City, alleg-edly committed by a white supremacist who reportedly traveled to New York ‘‘for the purpose of killing black men’’; (G) the May 26, 2017, attack in Portland, Oregon, in which a white supremacist alleg-edly murdered 2 men and injured a third after the men defended 2 young women whom the individual had targeted with anti-Mus-lim hate speech; and (H) the August 12, 2017, attack in Char-lottesville, Virginia, in which a white su-premacist allegedly killed 1 and injured 19 after driving his car through a crowd of indi-viduals protesting a neo-Nazi rally, and of which Attorney General Jeff Sessions said, ‘‘It does meet the definition of domestic ter-rorism in our statute.’’. (6) The Anti-Defamation League’s Center on Extremism found that right-wing extrem-ists were responsible for 150 terrorist acts, attempted acts, and plots and conspiracies that took place in the United States between 1993 and 2017. These attacks resulted in the deaths of 255 people and injured more than 600. (7) According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, in 2015, for the first time in 5 years, the number of hate groups in the United States rose by 14 percent. The increase in-cluded a more than twofold rise in the num-ber of Ku Klux Klan chapters. The number of anti-government militias and ‘‘patriot’’ groups also grew by 14 percent in 2015. (8) In November 2017, the Federal Bureau of Investigation released its annual hate crime incident report, which found that in 2016, hate crimes increased by almost 5 percent, including a 19 percent rise in hate crimes against American Muslims. Similarly, the previous year’s report found that in 2015, hate crimes increased by 6 percent. Much of that increase came from a 66 percent rise in attacks on American Muslims. In both re-ports, race-based crimes were most numer-ous; more than 50 percent of those hate crimes targeted African Americans. (9) In January 2017, a right-wing extremist who had expressed anti-Muslim views was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.031 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7300 November 16, 2017 
charged with murder for allegedly killing 6 people and injuring 19 in a shooting rampage at a mosque in Quebec City, Canada. It was the first-ever mass shooting at a mosque in North America, and Prime Minister Trudeau labeled it a terrorist attack. (10) Between January and July 2017, news reports found 63 incidents in which American mosques were targeted by threats, van-dalism, or arson. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; (2) the term ‘‘domestic terrorism’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code; (3) the term ‘‘Domestic Terrorism Execu-tive Committee’’ means the committee with-in the Department of Justice tasked with as-sessing and sharing information about ongo-ing domestic terrorism threats; and (4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 4. OFFICES TO COMBAT DOMESTIC TER-RORISM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF OFFICES TO MONITOR , A
NALYZE , INVESTIGATE , AND PROSECUTE DO-
MESTIC TERRORISM .— (1) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM UNIT .—There is au-thorized a Domestic Terrorism Unit in the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the De-partment of Homeland Security, which shall be responsible for monitoring and analyzing domestic terrorism activity. (2) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM OFFICE .—There is authorized a Domestic Terrorism Office in the Counterterrorism Section of the Na-tional Security Division of the Department of Justice— (A) which shall be responsible for inves-tigating and prosecuting incidents of domes-tic terrorism; and (B) which shall be headed by the Domestic Terrorism Counsel. (3) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM SECTION OF THE  
FBI.—There is authorized a Domestic Ter-rorism Section within the Counterterrorism Division of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, which shall be responsible for inves-tigating domestic terrorism activity. (b) J
OINT REPORT ON DOMESTIC TER-
RORISM .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, and the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation shall submit a joint re-port authored by the domestic terrorism of-fices authorized under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a) to— (A) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an assessment of the domestic ter-rorism threat posed by white supremacists, including white supremacist infiltration and recruitment of law enforcement officers and members of the Armed Forces; (B)(i) in the first report, an analysis of in-cidents or attempted incidents of domestic terrorism that have occurred in the United States since April 19, 1995; and (ii) in each subsequent report, an analysis of incidents or attempted incidents of do-mestic terrorism that occurred in the United States during the preceding year; and (C) a quantitative analysis of domestic ter-rorism for the preceding year, including the number of— (i) domestic terrorism related assessments initiated by the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, including the number of assessments from each classification and subcategory; (ii) domestic terrorism related preliminary investigations initiated by the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, including the number of preliminary investigations from each clas-sification and subcategory, and how many preliminary investigations resulted from as-sessments; (iii) domestic terrorism related full inves-tigations initiated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, including the number of full investigations from each classification and subcategory, and how many full investiga-tions resulted from preliminary investiga-tions and assessments; (iv) domestic terrorism related incidents, including the number of incidents from each classification and subcategory, the number of deaths and injuries resulting from each in-cident, and a detailed explanation of each in-cident; (v) Federal domestic terrorism related ar-rests, including the number of arrests from each classification and subcategory, and a detailed explanation of each arrest; (vi) Federal domestic terrorism related in-dictments, including the number of indict-ments from each classification and sub-category, and a detailed explanation of each indictment; (vii) Federal domestic terrorism related prosecutions, including the number of inci-dents from each classification and sub-category, and a detailed explanation of each prosecution; (viii) Federal domestic terrorism related convictions, including the number of convic-tions from each classification and sub-category, and a detailed explanation of each conviction; and (ix) Federal domestic terrorism related weapons recoveries, including the number of each type of weapon and the number of weap-ons from each classification and sub-category. (3) CLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RELEASE .— Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be— (A) unclassified, to the greatest extent pos-sible, with a classified annex only if nec-essary; and (B) in the case of the unclassified portion of the report, posted on the public websites of the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (c) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM EXECUTIVE COM-
MITTEE .—There is authorized a Domestic Terrorism Executive Committee, which shall— (1) meet on a regular basis, and not less regularly than 4 times each year, to coordi-nate with United States Attorneys and other key public safety officials across the country to promote information sharing and ensure an effective, responsive, and organized joint effort to combat domestic terrorism; and (2) be co-chaired by— (A) the Domestic Terrorism Counsel au-thorized under subsection (a)(2)(B); (B) a United States Attorney or Assistant United States Attorney; (C) a member of the National Security Di-vision of the Department of Justice; and (D) a member of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation. (d) F
OCUS ON GREATEST THREATS .—The do- mestic terrorism offices authorized under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a) shall focus their limited resources on the most significant domestic terrorism threats, as determined by the number of domestic terrorism related incidents from each cat-egory and subclassification in the joint re-port for the preceding year required under subsection (b). SEC. 5. TRAINING TO COMBAT DOMESTIC TER-RORISM. 
(a) R EQUIRED TRAINING AND RESOURCES .— The State and Local Anti-Terrorism Pro-gram, funded by the Bureau of Justice As-sistance of the Department of Justice, shall include training and resources to assist State, local, and tribal law enforcement offi-cers in understanding, detecting, deterring, and investigating acts of domestic terrorism. The training shall focus on the most signifi-cant domestic terrorism threats, as deter-mined by the quantitative analysis in the joint report required under section 4(b). (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—Any individual who pro-vides domestic terrorism training required under this section shall have— (1) expertise in domestic terrorism; and (2) relevant academic, law enforcement, or other experience in matters related to do-mestic terrorism. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and once each year thereafter, the Director of the Bu-reau of Justice Assistance shall submit an annual report to the committees of Congress described in section 4(b)(1) on the domestic terrorism training implemented under this section, which shall include copies of all training materials used and the names and qualifications of the individuals who provide the training. (2) C
LASSIFICATION .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be unclassified, to the greatest extent possible, with a classified annex only if necessary. 
SEC. 6. COMBATTING DOMESTIC TERRORISM THROUGH JOINT TERRORISM TASK FORCES AND FUSION CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The joint terrorism task forces of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and State, local, and regional fusion centers, as established under section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), shall each, in coordination with the Domestic Terrorism Executive Committee and the domestic terrorism offices author-ized under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of sec-tion 4(a) of this Act— (1) share intelligence to address domestic terrorism activities; (2) conduct an annual, intelligence-based assessment of domestic terrorism activities in their jurisdictions; and (3) formulate and execute a plan to address and combat domestic terrorism activities in their jurisdictions. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The activities required under subsection (a) shall focus on the most significant domestic terrorism threats, as determined by the number of domestic ter-rorism related incidents from each category and subclassification in the joint report for the preceding year required under section 4(b). 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, and the Department of Homeland Security such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2149. A bill to make a technical correction to the provision of law au-thorizing a withdrawal and reservation of public land at Limestone Hills Training Area, Montana; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.027 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7301 November 16, 2017 
There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2149 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO WITH-DRAWAL AND RESERVATION OF PUBLIC LAND AUTHORITY, LIME-STONE HILLS TRAINING AREA, MON-TANA. 
Section 2931(b) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1031) is amended by striking ‘‘18,644 acres in Broadwater County, Montana, generally de-picted as ‘Proposed Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’, dated April 10, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘18,964 acres in Broadwater Coun-ty, Montana, generally depicted as ‘Lime-stone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Train-ing Area Land Withdrawal’, dated May 11, 2017’’. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 2157. A bill to require drug manu-facturers to disclose the prices of pre-scription drugs in any direct-to-con-sumer advertising and marketing to practitioners of a drug; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2157 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Drug-Price Transparency in Communications Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription pharmaceuticals is legal in only 2 developed countries, the United States and New Zealand. (2) Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription pharmaceuticals is designed to cause patients to pressure physicians to pre-scribe certain medications. (3) In 2015, pharmaceutical companies spent more than $100,000,000 on advertising with respect to each of 16 brand-name drugs, primarily new and expensive drugs. (4) Prescription rates of medications ad-vertised directly to consumers have in-creased by 34.2 percent compared to a 5.1 per-cent increase in other pharmaceuticals. (5) Prescription pharmaceuticals cost more in the United States than they do in any other country. (6) The American Medical Association has passed resolutions calling for the ban of direct-to-consumer advertising of prescrip-tion pharmaceuticals, and to require price transparency in any direct-to-consumer ad-vertising. (7) The amount of spending by pharma-ceutical companies in marketing to health care providers is more than 4 times the spending for direct-to-consumer advertising. (8) Health care providers are more likely to prescribe a certain drug if they have re-ceived payments or marketing materials from the manufacturer of that drug. SEC. 3. PRICE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT FOR DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DRUG AD-VERTISEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303(g)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 333(g)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(i)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting (ii); (3) by striking ‘‘(1) With respect’’ and in-serting ‘‘(1)(A) With respect’’; (4) by striking ‘‘this paragraph’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘this subpara-graph’’; (5) by striking ‘‘No other civil monetary penalties in this Act (including the civil pen-alty in section 303(f)(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘No civil monetary penalties (including the civil penalty in section 303(f)(4)), other than the penalties under this subparagraph and sub-paragraph (B)’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) With respect to a person who is a holder of an approved application under sec-tion 505 for a drug subject to section 503(b) or under section 351 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act, any such person who disseminates or causes another party to disseminate a direct- to-consumer advertisement that does not in-clude the wholesale acquisition cost (as de-fined in section 1847A(c)(6)(B) of the Social Security Act) for a 30-day supply of the drug shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000 for the first such violation in any 3-year pe-riod, and not to exceed $5,000,000 for each subsequent violation in any 3-year period. For purposes of this subparagraph, all viola-tions under this paragraph occurring in a single day shall be considered one violation. With respect to advertisements that appear in magazines or other publications that are published less frequently than daily, each issue date (whether weekly or monthly) shall be treated as a single day for the purpose of calculating the number of violations under this subparagraph.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—For each fiscal year, there are authorized to be appro-priated, and are appropriated, out of any funds not otherwise obligated, to the Direc-tor of the National Institutes of Health for purposes of carrying out medical research, an amount equal to the amount collected in penalties during the previous fiscal year for violations of section 303(g)(1)(B) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall promulgate regulations to carry out sub-paragraph (B) of section 303(g)(1) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 333(g)(1)), as added by subsection (a). Such regulations shall include provisions setting forth— (1) a reasonable amount of time a manu-facturer has to update any direct-to-con-sumer advertising of a drug in accordance with such subparagraph (B) after a change to the wholesale acquisition cost of the drug; and (2) the specific manner in which the wholesale acquisition cost of a drug is re-quired to be conspicuously disclosed in such direct-to-consumer advertisements in order to communicate such single price metric to the public, which shall include visual and audio (as applicable) components of the ad-vertisement, and which may include a brief qualitative explanation of reduced cost availability for certain consumers, such as through insurance cost-sharing arrange-ments or patient assistance programs. 
SEC. 4. DRUG MANUFACTURER DUTY TO DIS-CLOSE DRUG PRICES TO PRACTI-TIONERS. 
(a) D UTY TO DISCLOSE .—Whenever a drug manufacturer, including any representative of the manufacturer, communicates with a health care practitioner about a drug manu-factured by the drug manufacturer, includ-ing through promotional, educational, or marketing communications, meetings or paid events, and the provision of goods, gifts, and samples, the drug manufacturer shall disclose to the practitioner the wholesale ac-quisition cost (as defined in section 1847A(c)(6)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3a(c)(6)(B))) for a 30-day supply of the drug, which may include a brief quali-tative explanation of reduced cost avail-ability for certain consumers that is con-sistent with the regulations described in sec-tion 3(c)(2). (b) ENFORCEMENT BY FEDERAL TRADE  C
OMMISSION .— (1) U
NFAIR OR DECEPTIVE ACTS OR PRAC -
TICES .—A violation of subsection (a) by a person with respect to whom the Commis-sion is empowered under section 5(a)(2) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(2)) shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice prescribed under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)). (2) P
OWERS OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Trade Commission shall enforce this section in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incorporated into and made a part of this Act. (B) P
RIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES .—Any person who violates this section shall be sub-ject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.). (c) R
ULEMAKING .—The Federal Trade Commission shall promulgate in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, such rules as may be necessary to carry out this section. (d) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit, impair, or supersede the operation of the Federal Trade Commission Act or any other provi-sion of Federal law. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, and Mr. C RAPO ): S. 2160. A bill to establish a pilot pro-gram under the Chief of the Forest Service may use alternative dispute resolution in lieu of judicial review of certain projects; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2160 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect Col-laboration for Healthier Forests Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) P
ARTICIPANT .—The term ‘‘participant’’ means an individual or entity that files an objection or scoping comments on a draft en-vironmental document with respect to a project that is subject to an objection at the project level under part 218 of title 36, Code 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.028 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7302 November 16, 2017 
of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). (2) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the pilot program established under subsection (b). (3) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’ means a project described in subsection (c). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. (b) A
RBITRATION PILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall estab-lish within Region 1 of the Forest Service an arbitration pilot program as an alternative dispute resolution process in lieu of judicial review for projects described in subsection (c). (c) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, at the sole discretion of the Secretary, may designate for arbitration projects that— (A)(i) are developed through a collabo-rative process (within the meaning of section 603(b)(1)(C) of the Healthy Forest Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(b)(1)(C))); (ii) are carried out under the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program es-tablished under section 4003 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303); or (iii) are identified in a community wildfire protection plan (as defined in section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511)); (B) have as a purpose— (i) hazardous fuels reduction; or (ii) mitigation of insect or disease infesta-tion; and (C) are located, in whole or in part, in a wildland-urban interface (as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511)). (2) I
NCLUSION .—In designating projects for arbitration, the Secretary may include projects that receive categorical exclusions for purposes of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (d) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF PROJECTS .— The Secretary may not designate for arbitra-tion under the pilot program more than 2 projects per calendar year. (e) A
RBITRATORS .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall de-velop and publish a list of not fewer than 15 individuals eligible to serve as arbitrators for the pilot program. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—To be eligible to serve as an arbitrator under this subsection, an in-dividual shall be— (A) certified by— (i) the American Arbitration Association; or (ii) a State arbitration program; or (B) a fully retired Federal or State judge. (f) I
NITIATION OF ARBITRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Secretary issues the final decision with respect to a project, the Secretary shall— (A) notify each applicable participant and the Clerk of the United States District Court for the district in which the project is lo-cated that the project has been designated for arbitration in accordance with this Act; and (B) include in the decision document a statement that the project has been des-ignated for arbitration. (2) I
NITIATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A participant may ini-tiate arbitration regarding a project that has been designated for arbitration under this Act in accordance with— (i) sections 571 through 584 of title 5, United States Code; and (ii) this paragraph. (B) REQUIREMENTS .—A request to initiate arbitration under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) be filed not later than the date that is 30 days after the date of the notification by the Secretary under paragraph (1); and (ii) include an alternative proposal for the applicable project that describes each modi-fication sought by the participant with re-spect to the project. (C) N
O JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A project for which arbitration is initiated under subpara-graph (A) shall not be subject to judicial re-view. (3) C
OMPELLED ARBITRATION .— (A) M
OTION TO COMPEL ARBITRATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If a participant seeks judi-cial review of a final decision with respect to a project, the Secretary may file in the ap-plicable court a motion to compel arbitra-tion in accordance with this Act. (ii) F
EES AND COSTS .—For any motion de-scribed in clause (i) for which the Secretary is the prevailing party, the applicable court shall award to the Secretary— (I) court costs; and (II) attorney’s fees. (B) A
RBITRATION COMPELLED BY COURT .—If a participant seeks judicial review of a project, the applicable court shall compel ar-bitration in accordance with this Act. (g) S
ELECTION OF ARBITRATOR .—For each arbitration commenced under this Act— (1) the Secretary shall propose 3 arbitra-tors from the list published under subsection (e)(1); and (2) the applicable participant shall select 1 arbitrator from the list of arbitrators pro-posed under paragraph (1). (h) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ARBITRATOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An arbitrator selected under subsection (e)— (A) shall address all claims of each party seeking arbitration with respect to a project under this Act; but (B) may consolidate into a single arbitra-tion all requests to initiate arbitration by all participants with respect to a project. (2) S
ELECTION OF PROPOSALS .—An arbi- trator shall make a decision with respect to each applicable request for initiation of arbi-tration under this Act by— (A) selecting the project, as approved by the Secretary; (B) selecting an alternative proposal sub-mitted by the applicable participant; or (C) rejecting both projects described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). (3) L
IMITATIONS .— (A) A
DMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—The evidence before an arbitrator under this subsection shall be limited solely to the administrative record for the project. (B) N
O MODIFICATIONS TO PROPOSALS .—An arbitrator may not modify any proposal con-tained in a request for initiation of arbitra-tion of a participant under this Act. (i) I
NTERVENTION .—A party may intervene in an arbitration under this Act if, with re-spect to the project to which the arbitration relates, the party— (1) meets the requirements of Rule 24(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (or a successor rule); or (2) participated in the applicable collabo-rative process referred to in clause (i) or (ii) of subsection (c)(1)(A). (j) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—In carrying out arbi-tration for a project, the arbitrator shall set aside the agency action, findings, and con-clusions found to be arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in ac-cordance with law, within the meaning of section 706(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. (k) D
EADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF ARBITRA -
TION.—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a request to initiate arbitration is filed under subsection (f)(2), the arbitrator shall make a decision with respect to the re-quest to initiate arbitration. (l) EFFECT OF ARBITRATION DECISION .—A decision of an arbitrator under this Act— (1) shall not be considered to be a major Federal action; (2) shall be binding; and (3) shall not be subject to judicial review, except as provided in section 10(a) of title 9, United States Code. (m) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (A) be solely responsible for the profes-sional fees of arbitrators participating in the pilot program; and (B) use funds made available to the Sec-retary and not otherwise obligated to carry out subparagraph (A). (2) A
TTORNEY ’S FEES .—No arbitrator may award attorney’s fees in any arbitration brought under this Act. (n) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the pilot program is estab-lished, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and publish on the website of Region 1 of the Forest Service, a report of not longer than 10 pages describing the implementation of the pilot program for the applicable year, includ-ing— (A) the reasons for selecting certain projects for arbitration; (B) an evaluation of the arbitration proc-ess, including any recommendations for im-provements to the process; (C) a description of the outcome of each ar-bitration; and (D) a summary of the impacts of each out-come described in subparagraph (C) on the timeline for implementation and completion of the applicable project. (2) GAO 
REVIEWS AND REPORTS .— (A) I
NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the pilot program is established, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the implementa-tion by the Secretary of the pilot program. (B) R
EVIEW ON TERMINATION .—On termi-nation of the pilot program under subsection (o), the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the implementation by the Secretary of the pilot program. (C) R
EPORT .—On completion of the review described in subparagraph (A) or (B), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the applica-ble review. (o) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date . (p) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this Act affects the responsibility of the Secretary to comply with— (1) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); or (2) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.030 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7303 November 16, 2017 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 335—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF NOVEM-BER 19 THROUGH NOVEMBER 25, 2017, DURING WHICH THE HOLI-DAY OF THANKSGIVING IS OB-SERVED, AS ‘‘NATIONAL FAMILY WEEK’’ Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 335 Whereas the family is the basic strength of any free and orderly society; Whereas it is appropriate to honor the fam-ily unit as essential to the continued well- being of the United States; and Whereas it is fitting that official recogni-tion be given to the importance of family loyalties and ties: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of November 19 through November 25, 2017, during which the holiday of Thanksgiving is observed, as ‘‘Na-tional Family Week’’; (2) encourages States and local govern-ments to designate the week of November 19 through November 25, 2017, as ‘‘National Family Week’’; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe ‘‘National Family Week’’ with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 336—RECOG-NIZING THE SERIOUSNESS OF POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE MONTH OF SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME AWARENESS MONTH’’ Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 336 Whereas Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘PCOS’’) is a common health problem among women and girls involving a hormonal imbalance; Whereas there is no universal definition of PCOS, but researchers estimate that be-tween 5,000,000 and 10,000,000 women in the United States are affected by PCOS; Whereas PCOS can affect women from the onset of puberty and throughout the remain-der of their lives; Whereas the symptoms of PCOS include in-fertility, irregular or absent menstrual peri-ods, acne, weight gain, thinning scalp hair, excessive facial and body hair growth, nu-merous small ovarian cysts, pelvic pain, and mental health problems; Whereas women with PCOS have higher rates of psychosocial disorders, including de-pression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, and eat-ing disorders, and are at greater risk for sui-cide; Whereas adolescents with PCOS often are not diagnosed; Whereas PCOS causes metabolic dysfunc-tion and insulin resistance, which can lead to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and endometrial cancer at a young adult age; Whereas PCOS is the most common cause of female infertility; Whereas PCOS in pregnancy is associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hyper-tension, preterm delivery, cesarean delivery, miscarriage, and fetal and infant death; Whereas women with PCOS are at in-creased risk of developing high blood pres-sure, high cholesterol, stroke, heart dis-ease—the leading cause of death among women—and have a 4 to 7 times higher risk of experiencing a heart attack compared to women of the same age who do not have PCOS; Whereas women with PCOS have a more than 50 percent chance of developing type 2 diabetes or prediabetes before the age of 40; Whereas women with PCOS may be at a higher risk for breast cancer and ovarian cancer, and have a 3 times higher risk for de-veloping endometrial cancer, compared to women who do not have PCOS; Whereas up to 80 percent of women in the United States with PCOS are overweight or have obesity; Whereas an estimated 50 percent of women with PCOS are undiagnosed, and many re-main undiagnosed until they experience fer-tility difficulties or develop type 2 diabetes or other cardiometabolic disorders; Whereas the costs involved with the diag-nosis and management of PCOS to the healthcare system of the United States is over $4,300,000,000 per year during the repro-ductive years of patients; Whereas that amount does not include the costs associated with the treatment of comorbidities, including high blood pressure, sleep apnea, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and cancer; Whereas the cause of PCOS is unknown, but researchers have found strong links to significant insulin resistance, which affects up to 70 percent of women with PCOS, and genetic predisposition; and Whereas there is no known cure for PCOS: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the seriousness of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (referred to in this resolv-ing clause as ‘‘PCOS’’); (2) supports the goals of PCOS Awareness Month— (A) to increase awareness of, and education about, PCOS among the general public, women, girls, and healthcare professionals; (B) to improve diagnosis and treatment of PCOS; (C) to disseminate information on diag-nosis and treatment options for PCOS; and (D) to improve the quality of life and out-comes for women and girls with PCOS; (3) recognizes the need for further research, improved treatment and care options, and a cure for PCOS; (4) acknowledges the struggles affecting all women and girls residing within the United States who are afflicted with PCOS; (5) urges medical researchers and healthcare professionals to advance their un-derstanding of PCOS in order to research, di-agnose, and provide assistance to women and girls with PCOS; and (6) encourages States, territories, and lo-calities to support the goals of PCOS Aware-ness Month. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 337—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 26, 2017, AS ‘‘DRIVE SAFER SUNDAY’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: S. R ES. 337 Whereas motor vehicle travel is the pri-mary means of transportation in the United States; Whereas every individual traveling on roads and highways should drive in a safe manner so as to reduce deaths and injuries that result from motor vehicle accidents; Whereas, according to the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration, wearing a seat belt saves as many as 15,000 lives each year; and Whereas the Sunday after Thanksgiving is the busiest highway traffic day of the year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) encourages— (A) high schools, colleges, universities, ad-ministrators, teachers, primary schools, and secondary schools to launch campus-wide educational campaigns to urge students to focus on safety when driving; (B) national trucking firms— (i) to alert employee drivers to be espe-cially focused on driving safely on the Sun-day after Thanksgiving; and (ii) to publicize the importance of driving safely on the Sunday after Thanksgiving on the Citizens Band Radio Service and at truck stops across the United States; (C) clergies to remind congregations to travel safely when attending services and gatherings; (D) law enforcement personnel to remind drivers and passengers to drive safely, par-ticularly on the Sunday after Thanksgiving; (E) motorists to drive safely during the holiday season and throughout the rest of the year; and (F) the people of the United States— (i) to understand the life-saving impor-tance of wearing a seat belt; and (ii) to educate themselves about highway safety; and (2) designates November 26, 2017, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 338—COM-MENDING AND CONGRATU-LATING THE HOUSTON ASTROS ON WINNING THE 2017 MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL WORLD SE-RIES Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 338 Whereas, on November 1, 2017, the Houston Astros won the 2017 Major League Baseball World Series (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘World Series’’) with a 5–1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers; Whereas the Houston Astros won the World Series in Game 7 at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California; Whereas the Houston Astros overcame the home field advantage of the Los Angeles Dodgers to win the World Series; Whereas all of the following 25 players on the World Series roster of the Houston Astros should be congratulated: Jose Altuve, Carlos Beltran, Alex Bregman, Juan Centeno, Carlos Correa, Chris Devenski, Derek Fisher, Evan Gattis, Ken Giles, Marwin Gonzalez, Luke Gregerson, Yulieski Gurriel, Will Harris, Dallas Keuchel, Fran-cisco Liriano, Cameron Maybin, Brian McCann, Lance McCullers, Jr., Collin McHugh, Charlie Morton, Joe Musgrove, Brad Peacock, Josh Reddick, George Spring-er, and Justin Verlander; Whereas, in addition to the World Series roster, all of the following Houston Astros 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.034 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7304 November 16, 2017 
players who contributed to the 2017 regular season should be congratulated: Norichika Aoki, Tyler Clippard, J.D. Davis, Dayan Diaz, Michael Feliz, Mike Fiers, Reymin Guduan, Jandel Gustave, Teoscar Hernandez, James Hoyt, Jordan Jankowski, Tony Kemp, Jake Marisnick, Francis Martes, Colin Moran, David Paulino, A.J. Reed, Tony Sipp, Max Stassi, Ashur Tolliver, and Tyler White; Whereas the front office, the clubhouse, and all of the supporting staff and team members of the Houston Astros should be congratulated; Whereas the Houston Astros won an in-credible 101 games during the regular season, which earned the team the American League West division championship; Whereas the following 6 Houston Astros players selected to the 2017 Major League Baseball All-Star Game should be congratu-lated: Jose Altuve, Carlos Correa, Chris Devenski, Dallas Keuchel, Lance McCullers, Jr., and George Springer; Whereas the Houston Astros became the first team in the history of Major League Baseball to capture both the National League Championship pennant and the American League Championship pennant; Whereas the Houston Astros bounced back from a loss in the 2015 playoffs to win the American League Championship pennant for the first time; Whereas Houston Astros center fielder George Springer broke the record for extra base hits in the World Series, including 5 home runs, and was named the Most Valu-able Player in the World Series; Whereas Houston Astros catcher Brian McCann, in the first year playing for the Houston Astros, hit a home run in Game 5 of the World Series, and guided the pitching staff for 7 games; Whereas Alex Bregman is the first Jewish player to hit a World Series walk off hit, which led the Houston Astros past the Los Angeles Dodgers in a 13–12, 10-inning win in Game 5 of the World Series; Whereas Houston Astros pitcher Justin Verlander was named the Most Valuable Player of the American League Champion-ship Series; Whereas Houston Astros second baseman Jose Altuve— (1) compiled at least 200 hits for the fourth consecutive year; and (2) won a Silver Slugger Award for best American League second baseman; Whereas Houston Astros General Manager Jeff Luhnow joined the Houston Astros front office in 2011 and succeeded in building a World Series championship team; Whereas the Houston Astros fell short in the 2015 American League Division Series, fueling a determination— (1) to return to the playoffs; and (2) to win the World Series in 2017; Whereas Houston Astros fans followed the triumphs of the 2017 season by tuning into games called by Houston Astros television broadcasters Geoff Blum and Todd Kalas and Houston Astros radio broadcasters Robert Ford and Steve Sparks; Whereas the Houston Astros played the fol-lowing 3 excellent teams in the 2017 postseason that should be congratulated: (1) the Boston Red Sox in the American League Division Series; (2) the New York Yankees in the American League Championship Series; and (3) the Los Angeles Dodgers in the World Series; Whereas the Houston Astros won the World Series for the first time ever, filling with pride the people in the city of Houston and Houston Astros fans everywhere; Whereas the Houston Astros showed ex-traordinary steadiness, teamwork, focus, and love of the game; Whereas the Houston Astros is an organi-zation of great character, determination, and heart, and a reflection of the city of Houston and the State of Texas; Whereas, in the wake of Hurricane Harvey and the devastation along the entire Gulf Coast in the State of Texas, the Houston Astros as World Series champions personifies the ‘‘can do’’ Texas spirit and signals to the world that, even after an incredibly difficult few months, the State of Texas is coming back stronger than ever; and Whereas the Houston Astros are the 2017 World Series champions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the Houston Astros— (A) for winning the 2017 Major League Baseball World Series championship title; and (B) for an outstanding performance during the 2017 Major League Baseball season; (2) recognizes the achievements of the players, coaches, management, and support staff of the Houston Astros, which made vic-tory possible; (3) recognizes the dedication, hard work, and persistence of the operations staff of Minute Maid Park in the city of Houston; (4) congratulates— (A) the city of Houston; (B) Houston Astros fans everywhere; (C) the mayor of the city of Houston, the Honorable Sylvester Turner; (D) Houston Astros Owner and Chairman Jim Crane and the Crane family; (E) Houston Astros President of Business Operations Reid Ryan; and (F) Houston Astros Executive Advisor Nolan Ryan; and (5) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) Houston Astros Owner and Chairman Jim Crane; (B) Houston Astros General Manager Jeff Luhnow; and (C) Houston Astros Manager A.J. Hinch. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 339—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 2017 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL RUNAWAY PREVENTION MONTH’’ Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. L
EAHY , and Mr. R EED) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 339 Whereas the prevalence of runaway youth and homelessness among youth is stag-gering, with studies suggesting that every year, between 1,600,000 and 2,800,000 youth live on the streets of the United States; Whereas runaway youth most often are youth who have been expelled from their homes by their families, have experienced abuse and trauma, are involved in the foster care system, are too poor to secure their own basic needs, and may be ineligible or unable to access medical or mental health re-sources; Whereas youth who run away are at an in-creased risk for exploitation and exposure to criminal networks, such as domestic sex trafficking; Whereas youth who run away are more likely to be recruited or coerced into partici-pating in criminal acts, such as gangs and il-legal substance abuse, that lead to a higher likelihood of involvement in the criminal justice system; Whereas preventing youth from running away from home or from foster care and sup-porting youth in high-risk situations is a family, community, and national responsi-bility; Whereas the future well-being of the Na-tion is dependent on the value placed on youth and the opportunities provided for youth to acquire the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to help youth successfully develop into safe, healthy, and productive adults; Whereas effective programs supporting runaway youth and assisting youth and their families in providing safe and stable homes succeed because of partnerships created among families, youth-based advocacy orga-nizations, community-based human service agencies, law enforcement, schools, faith- based organizations, and businesses; and Whereas the National Network for Youth and National Runaway Safeline are cospon-soring National Runaway Prevention Month in November to increase public awareness of the issues facing runaway and homeless youth and to educate the public about solu-tions and the role the public can play in end-ing youth homelessness: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates November 2017 as ‘‘National Runaway Prevention Month’’; and (2) recognizes and supports the goals and ideals of National Runaway Prevention Month. f SENATE RESOLUTION 340—COM-MEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE 3D INFANTRY DIVISION Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 340 Whereas November 21, 2017, is the 100th an-niversary of the organization of the 3d Infan-try Division; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division was orga-nized in 1917 as the 3d Division, with head-quarters at Camp Greene in North Carolina, and has been on continuous duty ever since; Whereas, from its inception, the 3d Infan-try Division and the component units of the 3d Infantry Division have played a vital role in the history of the United States by serv-ing in— (1) World War I; (2) World War II; (3) the Korean War; (4) the Cold War; (5) Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm (commonly known as ‘‘the Persian Gulf War’’); (6) Operation Enduring Freedom; (7) Operation Iraqi Freedom; (8) Operation Freedom’s Sentinel; (9) Operation Resolute Support; (10) Operation Atlantic Resolve; and (11) a number of other named and unnamed operations around the world; Whereas elements of the 3d Division first went into combat in March 1918 at the begin-ning of the German offensive efforts that were designed to end World War I; Whereas, soon after the 3d Division was es-tablished, the division began to gain prestige for its service during World War I; Whereas, in July of 1918, the success of the 3d Division at the Battle of Chateau-Thierry earned the division, and especially the 38th Infantry of the division, the legendary nick-name ‘‘Rock of the Marne’’ because the divi-sion held steadfast against German soldiers who were marching toward Paris in what would be the last German offensive of World War I; Whereas, during the Battle of Chateau- Thierry, division commander Major General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.032 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7305 November 16, 2017 
Joseph Dickman gave his famous order to hold the defensive position along the Marne River in French, stating, ‘‘Nous resterons la!’’, which in English means, ‘‘We shall re-main here!’’, providing what would become the official motto of the 3d Division; Whereas the 3d Division played an impor-tant role in other major campaigns of World War I, including the campaigns of— (1) Aisne; (2) Champagne-Marne; (3) Aisne-Marne; (4) Saint-Mihiel; and (5) Meuse-Argonne; Whereas 2 soldiers of the 3d Division, Pri-vate First Class John L. Barkley and First Lieutenant George Price Hays, earned the Medal of Honor during World War I; Whereas, after World War I, the 3d Division was one of only 3 divisions of the Army to re-main on active duty, a strong testament to the steadfastness, combat experience, and mission success of the division; Whereas the 3d Division was redesignated as the 3d Infantry Division in 1942; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division was again called into action in November of 1942, enter-ing World War II as one of the first divisions of the United States to fight the Nazi empire in north Africa; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division made an amphibious landing in French Morocco and quickly captured the city of Casablanca, dis-tinguishing itself as one of the premier as-sault units of the Army; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division advanced through Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia be-fore participating in the amphibious assault on Sicily; Whereas, during the campaign to take con-trol of Sicily, and before moving to mainland Italy, the 3d Infantry Division earned a rep-utation as one of the best divisions in the Seventh Army under the command of Lieu-tenant General George Patton; Whereas, between January and May of 1943, the 3d Infantry Division participated in an amphibious assault operation and beachhead defense at Anzio on the West Coast of Italy, repelling multiple attacks by 3 German divi-sions, fighting valiantly, and, on 1 day, suf-fering 995 casualties, once again proving to be a steadfast ‘‘Rock’’; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division, after breaking out of the Anzio beachhead and reaching Rome, participated in Operation Dragoon, the Allied invasion of southern France; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division, after months of intense fighting, entered Germany and crossed the Rhine River, making its way through Nuremberg, Munich, and Salzburg before assisting in the capture of Adolf Hit-ler’s mountain retreat near Berchtesgaden in April of 1945; Whereas, as of the date on which Germany unconditionally surrendered in May of 1945, the 3d Infantry Division had suffered 35,000 casualties during World War II, while fight-ing and marching 3,200 miles from Casa-blanca to Salzburg; Whereas, during World War II, the 3d In-fantry Division was the only division of the United States to serve in 10 major cam-paigns, specifically the campaigns of— (1) Algeria-French Morocco; (2) Tunisia; (3) Sicily; (4) Naples-Foggia; (5) Anzio; (6) Rome-Arno; (7) southern France; (8) Rhineland; (9) Ardennes-Alsace; and (10) Central Europe; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during World War II, the 3d Infantry Di-vision was awarded— (1) the French Croix de Guerre with Palm (and streamer embroidered with ‘‘Colmar’’); (2) the French Fourragere, for seizing the last Nazi stronghold in France; and (3) the Presidential Unit Citation; Whereas, during World War II, 39 soldiers of the 3d Infantry Division earned the Medal of Honor; Whereas one of the most decorated soldiers of World War II, Lieutenant Audie Murphy, served in the 3d Infantry Division; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division was again called to service in September of 1950 when the first elements of the division arrived on the Korean Peninsula in support of the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Korea and its military, contributing to operations in Hamhung-Hungnam in 1950 and the recapture of the South Korean capital of Seoul in 1951, following the surge of Chinese troops; Whereas, from November 30 to December 24, 1950, the 3d Infantry Division served as the covering force for the largest beachhead evacuation in the history of the military of the United States, facilitating the escape of 105,000 troops, 91,000 refugees, 17,500 vehicles, and 350,000 tons of cargo from Hungnam, after which the division moved from the East Coast to the West Coast of South Korea and helped to fight back the Chinese forces that had overtaken Seoul; Whereas, in 1951, elements of the 3d Infan-try Division helped to recapture Seoul and were instrumental in pushing Chinese forces back to the 38th parallel and in enduring the brunt of Chinese attempted attacks to re-take Seoul, earning the division the new nickname, the ‘‘Rock of Seoul’’; Whereas, during the Korean War, the 3d In-fantry Division also became known as the ‘‘Fire Brigade’’ for its quick responses to cri-ses; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division partici-pated in 8 campaigns during the Korean War and had 13 Medal of Honor recipients as a re-sult of that service; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during the Korean War, the 3d Infantry Division and its subordinate units received— (1) the Presidential Unit Citation; (2) the Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation (and streamer embroidered with ‘‘Uijongbu Corridor’’); (3) the Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation (and streamer embroidered with ‘‘Iron Triangle’’); and (4) the Chryssoun Aristion Andrias–Brav-ery Gold Medal of Greece (and streamer em-broidered with ‘‘Korea’’); Whereas the 3d Infantry Division returned to Germany in April 1958 to help secure Western Europe from the threat of attack by the nations, headed by the Soviet Union, that had signed the Warsaw Pact and re-mained stationed in Germany until 1996 to assist fellow member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘NATO’’), directly contrib-uting to the peaceful end of the Cold War; Whereas, in December 1990, in response to the invasion of Kuwait by Saddam Hussein, the 3d Brigade of the 3d Infantry Division de-ployed to Saudi Arabia in support of Oper-ations Desert Storm and Desert Shield; Whereas the 3d Brigade of the 3d Infantry Division distinguished itself as the Advanced Guard Brigade leading the main attack of the 1st Armored Division and VII Corps against the Iraqi Republican Guard Forces Command as part of the 100-hour ground as-sault on Iraq from February 24 to 28, 1991; Whereas, as of the date on which the Per-sian Gulf War ended, the 3d Brigade of the 3d Infantry Division had, during that conflict, destroyed 105 enemy tanks, 70 armored per-sonnel carriers, and 92 artillery pieces and captured 836 prisoners; Whereas, from 2000 to 2001, elements of the 3d Infantry Division deployed to Bosnia and Kosovo in support of the United Nations Mis-sion in Bosnia and Herzegovina (commonly known as ‘‘UNMIBH’’); Whereas the 3d Infantry Division began its participation in Operation Iraqi Freedom on March 20, 2003, leading the coalition assault into Iraq; Whereas, as of April 4, 2003, the 3d Infantry Division had entered the Saddam Inter-national Airport and renamed it the Baghdad International Airport; Whereas, from April 5 to 9, 2003, the 3d In-fantry Division was the vanguard unit in the march to Baghdad, leading what would be-come known as the ‘‘Thunder Run’’ into the heart of the city and effectively crippling the Iraqi regime; Whereas, from January 2005 to January 2006, the 3d Infantry Division returned to Iraq to provide security for independent elec-tions and the peaceful transfer of power to newly and democratically elected Iraqi offi-cials; Whereas the 1st Brigade Combat Team of the 3d Infantry Division was the first Army brigade to serve 3 tours in Iraq; Whereas, in March 2007, as part of Task Force Marne, the 3d Infantry Division was given a large area of responsibility in Iraq, including Multi-National Forces–Center and Multi-National Forces–West; Whereas Sergeant First Class Paul R. Smith was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in Iraq in 2003; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division had units in every region of Iraq; Whereas, in November 2009, the Combat Aviation Brigade of the 3d Infantry Division deployed to Afghanistan as Task Force Fal-con; Whereas, in 2012, the 3d Infantry Division deployed to Afghanistan in support of oper-ations in Regional Command–South, assist-ing with the closure of more than 60 forward operating bases and providing support to various units in the theater of operation; Whereas, in 2015, multiple units of the 3d Infantry Division deployed to Europe in sup-port of Operation Atlantic Resolve, training with NATO allies to remain prepared for con-tingency operations in Europe; Whereas, as of 2017, a contingent of 3d In-fantry Division soldiers serve in Afghanistan in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, taking on the train and assist mission as the United States Forces-Afghanistan’s National Support Element alongside Afghan National Security Forces; Whereas, as of 2017, the 3d Infantry Divi-sion is still a premier fighting force with units deployed in support of contingency op-erations across 4 distinct combatant com-mand areas of responsibility in more than 20 countries and under 5 separate named oper-ations, including Operation Resolute Sup-port in Iraq, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel in Afghanistan, and Operation Atlantic Re-solve in Eastern Europe; Whereas the 3d Infantry Division has been honorably stationed in Fort Stewart, Geor-gia, since fiscal year 1996; and Whereas, since 1917, the 3d Infantry Divi-sion has— (1) been deployed around the world, assist-ing in combat and noncombat missions; 
(2) endured the loss of more than 10,000 sol-diers in combat operations; and (3) had 55 soldiers receive the Medal of Honor, a greater number than from any other division: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the 100th anniversary of the 3d Infantry Division on November 21, 2017, and reveres its century of service to the military of the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.038 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7306 November 16, 2017 
(2) applauds the 3d Infantry Division for continuing to serve with one of the most suc-cessful combat records of any division of the Army; (3) commends the 3d Infantry Division for continuing to exemplify its motto, ‘‘Nous resterons la!’’, which in English means, ‘‘We shall remain here!’’; (4) honors— (A) the memory of the more than 10,000 sol-diers of the 3d Infantry Division who have made the ultimate sacrifice in service to the United States; and (B) the 55 members of the 3d Infantry Divi-sion who have received the Medal of Honor, a greater number than from any other divi-sion of the Army; (5) expresses, on behalf of the people of the United States, gratitude, support, and com-mitment to all 3d Infantry Division soldiers, veterans, and families, both past and present; and (6) recognizes the esteemed place of the 3d Infantry Division in the annals of the his-tory of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 341—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING NOVEMBER 13, 2017, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK’’ Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary : 
S. R ES. 341 Whereas a highly skilled workforce is nec-essary to compete in the global economy and to support economic growth; Whereas the national registered appren-ticeship system established by the Act of Au-gust 16, 1937 (29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘National Apprenticeship Act’’) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘national registered apprenticeship sys-tem’’), which has existed for over 75 years— (1) is an important pathway for workers of the United States; (2) offers a combination of— (A) academic and technical instruction; and (B) paid, on-the-job, training; (3) provides workers of the United States credentials that are nationally-recognized and industry-recognized; (4) leads to higher earnings for apprentices; and (5) develops a highly skilled workforce for the United States; Whereas registered apprenticeships— (1) are becoming increasingly innovative and diverse in— (A) design; (B) partnerships; (C) timeframes; and (D) use of emerging educational and train-ing concepts; and (2) will continue to— (A) evolve to meet emerging skill essen-tials and employer requirements; and (B) maintain high standards for appren-tices; Whereas the national registered appren-ticeship system provides education and training for apprentices in— (1) high-growth sectors, including— (A) information technology; (B) financial services; (C) advanced manufacturing; and (D) health care; and (2) traditional industries; Whereas, according to the Department of Labor, the national registered apprentice-ship system leverages approximately $1,000,000,000 in private investment, which re-flects the strong commitment of the spon-sors of the national registered apprentice-ship system; Whereas an evaluation of registered ap-prenticeship programs in 10 States conducted by Mathematica Policy Research in 2012 found that— (1) individuals who completed registered apprenticeship programs earned over $240,000 more over their careers than individuals who did not participate in registered apprentice-ship programs; (2) the estimated social benefits of each registered apprenticeship program (including additional productivity of apprentices and the reduction in governmental expenditures as a result of reduced use of unemployment compensation and public assistance) exceed-ed the costs of each registered apprentice-ship program by more than $49,000; and (3) the tax return on every dollar the Fed-eral Government invested in registered ap-prenticeship programs was $27; and Whereas celebration of National Appren-ticeship Week— (1) honors industries that use the reg-istered apprenticeship model; (2) encourages expansion of the registered apprenticeship model to prepare highly skilled workers of the United States; (3) recognizes the role the national reg-istered apprenticeship system has played in preparing workers of the United States for jobs; and (4) promotes conversation about ways the national registered apprenticeship system can continue to respond to workforce chal-lenges in the 21st century: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate designates the week beginning November 13, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Apprenticeship Week’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 342—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT STATES, CITIES, TRIBAL NATIONS, BUSINESSES, AND INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION IN THE UNITED STATES SHOULD WORK TO-WARDS ACHIEVING THE GOALS OF THE PARIS AGREEMENT Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. R
EED) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 342 Whereas 197 countries have signed the Paris Agreement, and 170 countries have joined the Paris Agreement; Whereas the United States is the only country with the intention to withdraw from the Paris Agreement; Whereas the economy of the United States grew by 15 percent between 2005 and 2015 while net greenhouse gas emissions de-creased by 11.5 percent during that period; Whereas 30 States have adopted renewable electricity standard requirements to demand clean energy production; Whereas 20 States have adopted greenhouse gas emissions targets; Whereas 20 States have adopted energy ef-ficiency resource standards; Whereas 10 States have adopted zero-emis-sion vehicle targets; Whereas 9 States have implemented the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative to con-struct a market-based system that sets a cap on emissions from the electric sector that declines by— (1) 2.5 percent per year through 2020; and (2) 3 percent per year from 2021 through 2030; Whereas additional States may also soon join the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative; Whereas 11 States have approved at least 1 energy efficiency standard for appliances or equipment that are not covered by Federal standards; Whereas 47 cities in the United States have adopted 100 percent clean and renewable en-ergy goals; Whereas more than 2,500,000 people in the United States work in clean energy in all 50 States, including in industries relating to— (1) wind energy; (2) solar energy; (3) energy efficiency; and (4) advanced hybrid electric vehicles; Whereas by 2020 there will be 500,000 people in the United States working in the solar and wind industries, including roofers, elec-tricians, and steel workers; Whereas the majority of clean energy jobs in the United States are blue collar jobs that pay well; Whereas the ‘‘2017 U.S. Energy and Em-ployment Report’’ issued by the Department of Energy found that there are 5 times as many people in the United States working in the renewable energy sector than there are people in the United States working in fossil fuel industries; Whereas the establishment of vehicle fuel economy emissions standards— (1) is the single most significant action that has been taken to reduce global warm-ing pollution; (2) has helped create 700,000 domestic jobs in the automobile industry of the United States since 2009; (3) will save consumers in the United States a total of $100,000,000,000 at the gas pump; and (4) will reduce the reliance of the United States on foreign oil by 2,500,000 barrels per day by 2030; Whereas the States, cities, Tribal nations, businesses, and institutions of higher edu-cation of the United States that support the objectives of the Paris Agreement represent more than half of the economy of the United States; and Whereas millions of dollars for clean en-ergy and climate change adaptation resil-iency in developing countries have been pro-vided by the United States through contribu-tions that are— (1) private, public, and Federal; and (2) made directly, bilaterally, and through multilateral institutions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that the United States— (1) should remain a signatory to the Paris Agreement; and (2) should support policies at the Federal, State, and local level that promote the re-duction of global warming pollution and aim to meet the objectives of the Paris Agree-ment. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 30—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RE-SPECT TO UNITED STATES POL-ICY TOWARD TIBET AND THAT THE TREATMENT OF THE TI-BETAN PEOPLE SHOULD BE AN IMPORTANT FACTOR IN THE CONDUCT OF UNITED STATES RELATIONS WITH THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. R UBIO, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.038 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7307 November 16, 2017 
GARDNER , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 30 Whereas, on October 17, 2007, His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘Dalai Lama’’) was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in recognition of his many enduring and outstanding con-tributions to peace, nonviolence, human rights, and religious understanding; Whereas, during his Congressional Gold Medal acceptance speech, Dalai Lama stated, ‘‘The time has come for our dialogue with the Chinese leadership to progress towards the successful implementation of a meaning-ful autonomy for Tibet, as guaranteed in the Chinese constitution and detailed in the Chi-nese State Council ‘White Paper on Regional Ethnic Autonomy of Tibet’.’’; Whereas the Dalai Lama continues to ad-vance the goal of greater understanding, tol-erance, harmony, and respect among the dif-ferent religious faiths of the world through interfaith dialogue and outreach to other re-ligious leaders; Whereas the Dalai Lama continues to use his moral authority to promote the concept of universal responsibility as a guiding tenet for how human beings should treat one an-other and the planet we share; Whereas, in the ten years since the Dalai Lama accepted the Congressional Gold Medal, China has implemented increasingly repressive policies in Tibet, including— (1) travel restrictions against Tibetans and United States citizens; (2) restrictive regulations on religious af-fairs; (3) censorship of Buddhist literature and information; (4) demolition of Tibetan Buddhist sites; (5) imprisonment of Tibetan prisoners of conscience; and (6) declarations that ‘‘Decision-making power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama and over the end of survival of his lin-eage resides with the central government of China’’; Whereas, on April 15, 2015, the Chinese State Council released a white paper entitled ‘‘Tibet’s Path of Development Is Driven by an Irresistible Historical Tide’’, which stated that ‘‘there is no prospect of [a high degree of autonomy for Tibet] ever coming to pass’’ and furthermore stated that Tibet had been part of China ‘‘since ancient times’’; Whereas in recent years, Tibetan nomads, who have lived as nomadic herders on the Ti-betan Plateau for centuries, have been banned from grazing in certain areas of the Tibetan Plateau, and hundreds of Tibetan herders have been forcibly relocated by Chi-nese government officials into ‘‘socialist vil-lages’’; Whereas, in September 2017, the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China adopted additional restrictive regulations on governmental control over the practice of re-ligion and expressed an intention that the government should ‘‘actively guide religion to fit within socialist society’’; Whereas these 2017 regulations state that ‘‘religious groups, religious schools, religious activity sites and religious citizens shall abide by the Constitution, laws, regulations and rules; practice the core socialist values; [and] preserve the unification of the country, ethnic unity and religious harmony and so-cial stability’’; Whereas these 2017 regulations, scheduled for implementation by the Government of the People’s Republic of China beginning February 2018, would explicitly ban unregis-tered religious groups from teaching about religion, establishing religious colleges, going abroad to take part in religious train-ing or gatherings, or otherwise engage in ac-tivities that ‘‘endanger national security’’; Whereas the Department of State stated in the 2016 Report on Tibet Negotiations that ‘‘[t]he Dalai Lama’s representatives and Chi-nese officials from the United Front Work Department have not met directly since the ninth round of dialogue in January 2010’’; Whereas the 2016 International Religious Freedom Report for China published by the Department of State stated, ‘‘In the [Tibet Autonomous Region] and other Tibetan areas, authorities engaged in widespread in-terference in religious practices, especially in Tibetan Buddhist monasteries and nun-neries.’’; Whereas the 2016 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for China published by the Department of State stated, ‘‘Under the professed objectives of controlling border areas, maintaining social stability, com-bating separatism, and extracting natural resources, the government engaged in the se-vere repression of Tibet’s unique religious, cultural, and linguistic heritage by, among other means, strictly curtailing the civil rights of the Tibetan population, including the freedoms of speech, religion, association, assembly, and movement.’’; Whereas, since 2009, 150 Tibetans have self- immolated to protest against China’s rule in Tibet and most Tibetans publicly call for the return of the Dalai Lama to Tibet; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China has refused to allow an independent investigation into the causes of the self-immolations and has instead criminalized them, by imprisoning the sur-vivors and collectively punishing the rel-atives, friends, and villagers of the self-im-molators, as documented by the Inter-national Campaign for Tibet; Whereas Congress has a long history of support for Tibet, including— (1) declaring that the United States should make the Tibet issue a higher policy pri-ority; (2) declaring that the United States should urge China to establish a constructive dia-logue with the Dalai Lama; (3) requiring Voice of America and Radio Free Asia to begin broadcasts in the Tibetan language; (4) mandating that Tibet be listed sepa-rately in the annual Country Reports on Human Rights published by the Department of State; (5) requiring a report from the Department of State on the state of negotiations between the representatives of the Tibetan people and the Government of the People’s Republic of China; (6) establishing educational and cultural exchange programs with Tibet; (7) providing humanitarian, food, medical, vocational training, primary and secondary education, and other assistance to Tibetan refugees; (8) funding programs to promote and pre-serve Tibetan culture and the resilience of Tibetan communities in India and Nepal; (9) funding a scholarship program for Ti-betan refugees to study in the United States; (10) providing assistance to non-govern-mental organizations working to preserve the Tibetan environment and cultural tradi-tions; and (11) appropriating funds for National En-dowment for Democracy programs related to Tibet; Whereas section 901(b)(6) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (Public Law 101–246; 104 Stat. 80) stated that United States policy toward China should be explicitly linked with the situation in Tibet, specifically including — (1) lifting martial law in Lhasa and other parts of Tibet; (2) opening Tibet to foreigners, including the press and international human rights or-ganizations; (3) releasing Tibetan political prisoners; and (4) conducting negotiations between rep-resentatives of His Holiness the Dalai Lama and the Government of the People’s Republic of China; Whereas the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 (subtitle B of title VI of Public Law 107–228; 22 U.S.C. 6901 note), signed into law on Sep-tember 30, 2002— (1) established United States principles with respect to human rights, religious free-dom, political prisoners, and economic devel-opment projects in Tibet; (2) established in statute the position of the Special Coordinator for Tibetan Issues in the Department of State; (3) established annual reporting require-ments on Sino-Tibetan negotiations and safeguarding Tibet’s distinct cultural iden-tity, both by the Secretary of State and by the congressionally established Congres-sional-Executive Commission on China; (4) mandated the provision of Tibetan lan-guage training to interested foreign service officers; (5) required Federal officials to raise issues of religious freedom and political prisoners; and (6) urged the Secretary of State to seek es-tablishment of an office in Lhasa; and Whereas it is in line with United States na-tional security interests and values to op-pose China’s increasingly repressive policies toward Tibet and work towards a negotiated solution: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that it should be the policy of the United States to— (1) make the treatment of the Tibetan peo-ple an important factor in the conduct of United States relations with the People’s Re-public of China; (2) consistent with the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 (subtitle B of title VI of Public Law 
107–228; 22 U.S.C. 6901 note)— (A) encourage the Government of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China to enter into a dia-logue with the Dalai Lama or his representa-tives leading to a negotiated agreement with respect to Tibet; (B) publicly call for the immediate and un-conditional release of all those held prisoner for expressing their political or religious views in the Tibet Autonomous Region and other Tibetan areas; and (C) establish an office in Lhasa, Tibet, to assist visiting United States citizens and to monitor political, economic, and cultural de-velopments in Tibet; (3) appoint the Special Coordinator for Ti-betan Issues at the rank of Under Secretary of State; (4) revoke appropriate privileges of any Chinese official found to be responsible for impeding access of United States citizens, including Tibetan-Americans, to Tibet and ensure that reciprocal visa processing meas-ures are occurring in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Department of State; (5) continue to designate China as a coun-try of particular concern pursuant to section 402 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)); and (6) engage with appropriate officials of the Government of the People’s Republic of China to— (A) stop the demolition of Tibetan Bud-dhist religious institutions; (B) revise religious and travel regulations to conform with international human rights standards; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.040 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7308 November 16, 2017 
(C) ensure that Tibetan nomads are al-lowed to continue their way of life on the Ti-betan Plateau, which they have helped to preserve for centuries, and are not forcibly relocated into ‘‘socialist villages’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1586. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M CCAIN) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 279, reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1586. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M
CCAIN) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 279, reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia; as fol-lows: 
In the preamble, strike the tenth whereas clause and insert the following: Whereas the National Democratic Institute (NDI), the International Republican Insti-tute (IRI), and other nongovernmental orga-nizations that advance United States policy objectives abroad have a long history in Cambodia and respect unique cultural, his-torical, and religious differences when pro-moting policies, engaging local partners, and building capacity for civil society, democ-racy, and good governance; f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 12 p.m., in SR–216 to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Sec-retary for Policy, and Randall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary, both of the Department of Defense. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SH–216 to conduct a hear-ing on the bill entitled ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–226 to conduct a hearing on S. 2070 and the following nominations: Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, and Scott W. Brady, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsyl-vania, and Andrew E. Lelling, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts for the term of four years, both of the Department of Jus-tice. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 2 p.m., in SH–219 to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OCEANS , ATMOSPHERE , 
FISHERIES , AND COAST GUARD  
The Subcommittee on Oceans, At-mosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SR–253 to conduct closed hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Readi-ness: How Far Can We Stretch Our Na-tion’s Only Multi-Mission, Military.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Abby Hollenstein and Laura Nowell, law clerks at the Judiciary Committee, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REAFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO PRO-MOTE DEMOCRACY, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND THE RULE OF LAW IN CAMBODIA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 257, S. Res. 279. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 279) reaffirming the commitment of the United States to pro-mote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment to strike all after the re-solving clause and insert the part printed in italic, and with an amend-ment to strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic, as follows: S. R ES. 279 Whereas Prime Minister Hun Sen has been in power in Cambodia since 1985 and is the longest- serving leader in Southeast Asia; Whereas the Paris Peace Accords in 1991 pro-vided a vital framework, supported by the inter-national community, intended to help Cambodia undertake a transition to democracy, including through elections and multiparty government; Whereas the United States Government, for more than 25 years, has provided hundreds of millions of dollars in development aid and other types of assistance to the people of Cambodia and funded work in areas including civil soci-ety, capacity building for nongovernmental or-ganizations (NGOs), global health, and the Khmer Rouge Tribunal; Whereas, despite decades of international at-tention and assistance to promote a pluralistic, multi-party democratic system in Cambodia, the Government of Cambodia continues to be undemocratically dominated by the ruling Cam-bodia People’s Party (CPP), which controls every agency and security apparatus of the state; Whereas the leadership of Cambodia’s security forces, including all of its top military and po-lice commanders, sit on the Central Committee of the Politburo of the CPP; Whereas the CPP controls Cambodia’s par-liament and can pass legislation without any opposition, and has often passed laws that ben-efit its rule and weaken the capacity of the op-position to challenge it; Whereas each of the five elections that have taken place in Cambodia since 1991 were not conducted in circumstances that were free and fair, and each were marked by fraud, intimida-tion, violence, and the government’s misuse of legal mechanisms to weaken opposition can-didates and parties; Whereas, in 2015, the CPP-controlled par-liament passed the ‘‘Law on Associations and Non-Governmental Organizations’’, known as LANGO, which gave the government sweeping powers to revoke the registration of NGOs found to be operating with a political bias in a blatant attempt to restrict the legitimate work of civil society; Whereas, since the passage of LANGO, the In-terior Ministry has announced that it was surveilling several civil society organizations and their employees for allegedly aiding Cam-bodia’s opposition party, the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP); Whereas both the National Democratic Insti-tute (NDI) and the International Republican In-stitute (IRI) have a long history in Cambodia, engaging local partners and building capacity for civil society, democracy, and good govern-ance; Whereas, on August 23, 2017, Cambodia’s Min-istry of Foreign Affairs ordered the closure of NDI and the expulsion of its foreign staff on al-legations that it had violated LANGO and was conspiring against Prime Minister Hun Sen; Whereas, on September 15, 2017, Prime Min-ister Hun Sen called for the withdrawal of all volunteers from the United States Peace Corps, which has operated in Cambodia since 2006 with 500 United States volunteers providing English language and healthcare training; Whereas the Government of Cambodia in 2016 arrested four senior staff members of the Cam-bodian Human Rights and Development Asso-ciation (ADHOC), as well as a former ADHOC staff member and official on the National Elec-tion Committee (NEC), and held them in pre- trial detention for 427 days until released on bail on June 29, 2017, in the wake of sustained international pressure; Whereas the Government of Cambodia ar-rested activist and women’s rights defender Tep Vanny in August 2016 and has kept her in pris-on for over a year; Whereas the prominent Cambodian political commentator Kem Ley was assassinated on July 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.040 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7309 November 16, 2017 
10, 2016, five days after a senior Cambodian gen-eral publicly called on the Cambodian Armed Forces to ‘‘eliminate and dispose of’’ anyone ‘‘fomenting social turmoil’’ in Cambodia; Whereas Kem Ley had been a frequent critic of Prime Minister Hun Sen, fueling concerns that his killing was politically motivated and or-dered by higher authorities; Whereas the Government of Cambodia has taken several measures to restrict its media envi-ronment, including imposing a tax bill amount-ing to millions of dollars levied against inde-pendent media outlets that resulted in the clo-sure of independent newspaper The Cambodian Daily in early September 2017; Whereas the Government of Cambodia has or-dered several radio stations to stop the broad-casting of Radio Free Asia and Voice of Amer-ica; Whereas the next general election in Cam-bodia is scheduled for July 29, 2018, and the CPP continues to use intimidation and misuse of legal mechanisms to weaken political opposition and media organizations in order to retain its power; Whereas the Cambodian parliament in 2017 passed two repressive amendments to Cam-bodia’s Law on Political Parties that allow au-thorities to dissolve political parties and ban party leaders from political activity, and which contain numerous restrictions tailored to create obstacles for opposition parties in an attempt to maintain the CPP’s hold on power; Whereas Kem Sokha, the President of CNRP, was arrested on September 3, 2017, and charged with treason and conspiring with the United States Government to overthrow the Government of Cambodia, and if convicted faces up to 30 years in prison, which sets the stage for the CNRP to be dissolved; Whereas the United States Embassy in Cam-bodia has publicly called for the immediate re-lease of Mr. Sokha and the removal of restric-tions on civil society; Whereas the CNRP’s previous leader, Sam Rainsy, remains in exile due to an outstanding warrant for his arrest in a politically motivated criminal case; Whereas Human Rights Watch reported that local elections held in Cambodia on June 4, 2017, took place in a ‘‘threatening environment hos-tile to free speech and genuine political partici-pation, leading to elections that were neither free nor fair’’; Whereas international election monitoring groups reported fundamental flaws in the elec-toral process and violations of Cambodia’s elec-tion campaign rules during June’s local election; Whereas the Interior Ministry of Cambodia demanded that two election-monitoring organi-zations cease their activities just months after the local elections for allegedly violating the LANGO law, which will allow the CPP to con-tinue to increase restrictions on election moni-toring as the 2018 national elections approach; Whereas, despite irregularities in the electoral process, the CNRP made significant gains in local elections compared to previous cycles, making clear that national elections in 2018, if they are conducted freely and fairly, will be tightly contested; and Whereas national elections in 2018 will be closely watched to ensure openness and fair-ness, and to monitor whether all political par-ties and civil society groups are allowed to free-ly participate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia; (2) condemns all forms of political violence in Cambodia, and urges the cessation of ongoing human rights violations; (3) urges Prime Minister Hun Sen and the Cambodian People’s Party to end all harassment and intimidation of Cambodia’s opposition and foster an environment where democracy can thrive and flourish; (4) urges the Department of the Treasury, in consultation with the Department of State, to consider placing all senior Cambodian govern-ment officials implicated in the abuses noted above on the Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) list; (5) urges the Government of Cambodia to free Mr. Kem Sokha immediately and uncondition-ally; (6) calls on the Government of Cambodia to re-spect freedom of the press and the rights of its citizens to freely assemble, protest, and speak out against the government; and (7) supports electoral reform efforts in Cam-bodia and free and fair elections in 2018 mon-itored by international observers. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to, the resolution, as amended, be agreed to, the committee-reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to, the McCain amendment at the desk be agreed to, the preamble, as amend-ed, be agreed to, and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The resolution (S. Res. 279), as amended, was agreed to. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble in the nature of a sub-stitute was agreed to. The amendment (No. 1586) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To acknowledge the contributions of nongovernmental organizations in Cam-bodia) In the preamble, strike the tenth whereas clause and insert the following: Whereas the National Democratic Institute (NDI), the International Republican Insti-tute (IRI), and other nongovernmental orga-nizations that advance United States policy objectives abroad have a long history in Cambodia and respect unique cultural, his-torical, and religious differences when pro-moting policies, engaging local partners, and building capacity for civil society, democ-racy, and good governance; 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 279 Whereas Prime Minister Hun Sen has been in power in Cambodia since 1985 and is the longest-serving leader in Southeast Asia; Whereas the Paris Peace Accords in 1991 provided a vital framework, supported by the international community, intended to help Cambodia undertake a transition to democ-racy, including through elections and multiparty government; Whereas the United States Government, for more than 25 years, has provided hun-dreds of millions of dollars in development aid and other types of assistance to the peo-ple of Cambodia and funded work in areas in-cluding civil society, capacity building for nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), global health, and the Khmer Rouge Tri-bunal; Whereas despite decades of international attention and assistance to promote a plu-ralistic, multi-party democratic system in Cambodia, the Government of Cambodia con-tinues to be undemocratically dominated by the ruling Cambodia People’s Party (CPP), which controls every agency and security ap-paratus of the state; Whereas the leadership of Cambodia’s secu-rity forces, including all of its top military and police commanders, sit on the Central Committee of the Politburo of the CPP; Whereas the CPP controls Cambodia’s par-liament and can pass legislation without any opposition, and has often passed laws that benefit its rule and weaken the capacity of the opposition to challenge it; Whereas each of the five elections that have taken place in Cambodia since 1991 were not conducted in circumstances that were free and fair, and each were marked by fraud, intimidation, violence, and the government’s misuse of legal mechanisms to weaken oppo-sition candidates and parties; Whereas in 2015, the CPP-controlled par-liament passed the ‘‘Law on Associations and Non-Governmental Organizations’’, known as LANGO, which gave the govern-ment sweeping powers to revoke the reg-istration of NGOs found to be operating with a political bias in a blatant attempt to re-strict the legitimate work of civil society; Whereas since the passage of LANGO, the Interior Ministry has announced that it was surveilling several civil society organiza-tions and their employees for allegedly aid-ing Cambodia’s opposition party, the Cam-bodia National Rescue Party (CNRP); Whereas the National Democratic Institute (NDI), the International Republican Insti-tute (IRI), and other nongovernmental orga-nizations that advance United States policy objectives abroad have a long history in Cambodia and respect unique cultural, his-torical, and religious differences when pro-moting policies, engaging local partners, and building capacity for civil society, democ-racy, and good governance; Whereas, on August 23, 2017, Cambodia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs ordered the clo-sure of NDI and the expulsion of its foreign staff on allegations that it had violated LANGO and was conspiring against Prime Minister Hun Sen; Whereas, on September 15, 2017, Prime Minister Hun Sen called for the withdrawal of all volunteers from the United States Peace Corps, which has operated in Cam-bodia since 2006 with 500 United States vol-unteers providing English language and healthcare training; Whereas the Government of Cambodia in 2016 arrested four senior staff members of the Cambodian Human Rights and Development Association (ADHOC), as well as a former ADHOC staff member and official on the Na-tional Election Committee (NEC), and held them in pre-trial detention for 427 days until released on bail on June 29, 2017, in the wake of sustained international pressure; Whereas the Government of Cambodia ar-rested activist and women’s rights defender Tep Vanny in August 2016 and has kept her in prison for over a year; Whereas the prominent Cambodian polit-ical commentator Kem Ley was assassinated on July 10, 2016, five days after a senior Cam-bodian general publicly called on the Cam-bodian Armed Forces to ‘‘eliminate and dis-pose of’’ anyone ‘‘fomenting social turmoil’’ in Cambodia; Whereas Kem Ley had been a frequent crit-ic of Prime Minister Hun Sen, fueling con-cerns that his killing was politically moti-vated and ordered by higher authorities; Whereas the Government of Cambodia has taken several measures to restrict its media environment, including imposing a tax bill amounting to millions of dollars levied 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.053 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7310 November 16, 2017 
against independent media outlets that re-sulted in the closure of independent news-paper The Cambodian Daily in early Sep-tember 2017; Whereas the Government of Cambodia has ordered several radio stations to stop the broadcasting of Radio Free Asia and Voice of America; Whereas the next general election in Cam-bodia is scheduled for July 29, 2018, and the CPP continues to use intimidation and mis-use of legal mechanisms to weaken political opposition and media organizations in order to retain its power; Whereas the Cambodian parliament in 2017 passed two repressive amendments to Cam-bodia’s Law on Political Parties that allow authorities to dissolve political parties and ban party leaders from political activity, and which contain numerous restrictions tai-lored to create obstacles for opposition par-ties in an attempt to maintain the CPP’s hold on power; Whereas Kem Sokha, the President of CNRP, was arrested on September 3, 2017, and charged with treason and conspiring with the United States Government to over-throw the Government of Cambodia, and if convicted faces up to 30 years in prison, which sets the stage for the CNRP to be dis-solved; Whereas the United States Embassy in Cambodia has publicly called for the imme-diate release of Mr. Sokha and the removal of restrictions on civil society; Whereas the CNRP’s previous leader, Sam Rainsy, remains in exile due to an out-standing warrant for his arrest in a politi-cally motivated criminal case; Whereas Human Rights Watch reported that local elections held in Cambodia on June 4, 2017, took place in a ‘‘threatening en-vironment hostile to free speech and genuine political participation, leading to elections that were neither free nor fair’’; Whereas international election monitoring groups reported fundamental flaws in the electoral process and violations of Cam-bodia’s election campaign rules during June’s local election; Whereas the Interior Ministry of Cambodia demanded that two election-monitoring or-ganizations cease their activities just months after the local elections for allegedly violating the LANGO law, which will allow the CPP to continue to increase restrictions on election monitoring as the 2018 national elections approach; Whereas despite irregularities in the elec-toral process, the CNRP made significant gains in local elections compared to previous cycles, making clear that national elections in 2018, if they are conducted freely and fair-ly, will be tightly contested; and Whereas national elections in 2018 will be closely watched to ensure openness and fair-ness, and to monitor whether all political parties and civil society groups are allowed to freely participate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia; (2) condemns all forms of political violence in Cambodia, and urges the cessation of on-going human rights violations; (3) urges Prime Minister Hun Sen and the Cambodian People’s Party to end all harass-ment and intimidation of Cambodia’s opposi-tion and foster an environment where de-mocracy can thrive and flourish; (4) urges the Department of the Treasury, in consultation with the Department of State, to consider placing all senior Cam-bodian government officials implicated in the abuses noted above on the Specially Des-ignated Nationals (SDN) list; (5) urges the Government of Cambodia to free Mr. Kem Sokha immediately and uncon-ditionally; (6) calls on the Government of Cambodia to respect freedom of the press and the rights of its citizens to freely assemble, protest, and speak out against the government; and (7) supports electoral reform efforts in Cambodia and free and fair elections in 2018 monitored by international observers. f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 337, S. Res. 338, S. Res. 339, and S. Res. 340. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2017, THROUGH MONDAY, NO-VEMBER 27, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, No-vember 17, at 11 a.m.; Tuesday, Novem-ber 21, at 11 a.m.; Friday, November 24, at 11 a.m; I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, November 24, it next convene at 4 p.m., Monday, November 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Friedrich nomination, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture motion filed on the Katsas nomination ripen following disposition of the Friedrich nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:45 p.m., adjourned until Friday, November 17, 2017, at 11 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
MELISSA F. BURNISON, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (CONGRESSIONAL AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS), VICE BRADLEY CROWELL. JOHN G. VONGLIS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE CHIEF FINAN-CIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, VICE JOSEPH S. HEZIR. LINDA CAPUANO, OF TEXAS, TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION, VICE ADAM E. SIEMINSKI. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
JOHNNY COLLETT, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR SPECIAL EDUCATION AND REHABILITA-TIVE SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE MI-CHAEL K. YUDIN. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
MICHAEL K. ATKINSON, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY, OF-FICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE , VICE IRVIN CHARLES MCCULLOUGH III. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
RICHARD G. ADAMS CHRISTOPHER PAUL BACA GAVIN M. BATCHELDER GEOFFREY O. BILLINGSLEY FREDRIC LEE BLACK MICHAEL M. BLAKE BRIAN C. BOWMAN ROBERT KYLE BRADY STEVEN ANTHONY BREITFELDER SEAN T. BRENNAN MICHAEL S. BURK RICHARD D. CARTER, JR. MATTHEW W. CAUDELL PATRICK D. CHARD SCOTT MATTHEW CHARLTON KEITH AKIRA CHIKASAWA JEFFREY DAVID COATS JEFFREY RUSSELL COLE DAVID W. COMPTON KEVIN ROBERT CURLEY VINCENT E. CYRAN JAMES L. DALTON JAMES S. DINSMORE GARY L. DODGE FRANCISCO J. DOMINGUEZ GEORGE HENRY DOWNS MICHAEL N. DUGAS JASON ROBERT FALLIS ANDY FITORRE LAWRENCE R. FLANNIGAN PATTI LYNN FRIES KEVIN B. GEORGE SCOTT RICHARD GILLOON JOYCE M. GORDON ERIC ALAN GUTTORMSEN GLEN O. HARDEN MILES K. HARKEY STEPHEN J. HENSKE, JR. SCOTT C. HUMPHREY CHARLES HENRY HUTSON PAUL EDUARDO JARA CATHERINE MARIE JUMPER NATHAN WILLIAM KEARNS JASON WILLIAM KNIGHT CHAD W. KORNBERG DANIEL J. KRAMER II JEFFREY GYNN LAIBLE LANSE ERIC LAVOY JOSEPH J. LIENERT BRIAN LEROY MANDT KERRY JOHN MCCAULEY WILLIAM D. MCCONNELL ADAM STEWART MERCIER CHRISTOPHER A. MILLER MIRCEA A. MITRAN TROY C. MORGAN PAUL MICHAEL MORTON CHARLES WESLEY NICHOLS, JR. FRANCES RENEE OLEEN HUMBERTO PABON, JR. FAUSTO ALFREDO PADILLA DANIEL J. POTAS TIMOTHY A. PUZAN ROBERT T. REDMAN CHARLES D. RILEY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.054 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7311 November 16, 2017 
SEAN DELACY RILEY LYNN K. ROBINSON, JR. ANDY HAROLD ROWE MARK W. RUANE RICHARD A. RYMERSON ESTHER CAMACHO SABLAN SARAH ANN SHIRLEY CHRISTOPHER ALLEN SNIDER CHRISTOPHER JOHN SOUTHARD EDWARD K. STAMPER, JR. SHAWN R. STRECK ANTHONY D. SULLINS Y WILLIAM THOMAS TESCH TRACE NOLAN THOMAS STEVEN ELLIOTT TINDOLL ELIZABETH TOPOL RAYMOND JOSEPH TRAMPOSCH GINGER DELAINE TURCOTTE KENNETH E. VORIS JEFFREY HOLT WALDMAN LARRY J. WERBISKI ADAM GARTH WIGGINS JOSEPH F. ZINGARO 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MELVIN J. NICKELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ERICA L. HERZOG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
ADAM W. VANEK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JASON PARK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JOHN T. HUCKABAY 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be captain 
GEORGE BAMFORD ERIC S. BERNSTEIN RACHAEL B. BRALLIAR TIMOTHY W. DECKER GEOFFREY S. DEAS BRIAN J. DUDLEY RONZELLE L. GREEN SCOTT C. HALE RICHARD A. ROBERTS TABITHA A. SCHIRO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be captain 
STEPHEN J. ADLER RICARDO M. ALONZO BRIAN R. ANDERSON EUGENIO S. ANZANO JONATHAN D. BAKER TIMOTHY J. BARELLI LAMONT S. BASEMORE KAILIE J. BENSON SCOTT D. BENSON JOHN D. BERRY JED R. BOBA SEAN T. BRADY ANDREW S. BROWN MATTHEW T. BROWN TIMOTHY T. BROWN SCOTT R. CALHOUN WILLIE L. CARMICHAEL ADAM A. CHAMIE TIMOTHY P. CRONIN QUINCY L. DAVIS PATRICK J. DOUGAN MICHAEL A. EDWARDS ROY J. EIDEM MICHAEL A. FAZIO MICHAEL S. FREDIE RILEY O. GATEWOOD CHRISTOFER L. GERMAN MICHAEL P. GULDIN TIMOTHY D. HAMMOND KATHRYN N. HERTY WALTER L. HORNE ROBERT A. HUELLER CHRISTOPHER J. HULSER ANTHONY R. JONES ADAM L. KERR CHRISTIAN A. LEE BRIAN J. LEFEBVRE STEPHEN MATADOBRA GREGORY A. MATYAS JOHN F. MCCARTHY PETER N. MELNICK ANDREW D. MEVERDEN DONALD P. MONTORO, JR. JOE L. MORGAN, JR. JONATHAN E. MUSMAN PETER S. NILES II BLAKE L. NOVAK CRAIG M. OBRIEN SEAN J. OBRIEN DAVID E. OCONNELL REBECCA E. ORE MICHAEL J. PARADISE ANDREW T. PECORA TINA J. PENA PATRICK F. PESCHKA SCOTT T. PETEREIN TRAVIS J. RASMUSSEN KEVIN B. REED ANTHONY L. RUSSELL OLAV M. SABOE JEREMY C. SMITH VASILIOS TASIKAS JONATHAN D. THEEL MICHAEL A. TURDO HEATHER K. TURNER STEVEN P. WALSH TODD D. VANCE WILBORNE E. WATSON ANTHONY W. WILLIAMS JOHN A. WILLIAMS TORRENCE B. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): To be commander 
LAWRENCE F. AHLIN JONATHAN A. ALEXANDER CRAIG H. ALLEN, JR. MIKAEL D. ANDERSON JENNIFER J. ANDREW KARL M. ANFORTH EDWARD S. APONTE NEAL E. ARMSTRONG RICHARD P. ARMSTRONG MICHAEL P. ATTANASIO MATTHEW S. BAKER STEPHEN T. BAXTER TODD M. BEHNEY MALCOLM D. BELT JAMES R. BENDLE MICHAEL A. BENSON TORREY H. BERTHEAU BRYAN R. BLACKMORE CHRISTOPHER W. BLOMSHIELD JEFFREY S. BOGDANOVICH JASON A. BOYER ERIN M. BOYLE JASON T. BOYLE COREY A. BRADDOCK MATTHEW J. BRECKEL DEVON S. BRENNAN MICHAEL D. BRIMBLECOM COLLIN R. BRONSON CHRISTOPHER D. BRUNCLIK MARTIN J. BRYANT JONATHAN W. BURBY JOSHUA D. BURCH MELANIE A. BURNHAM ANDRES CAMARGO JAMES J. CAMP RONALD J. CAPUTO, JR. TAYLOR J. CARLISLE LUIS O. CARMONA CHRISTY S. CASEY GEORGE B. CATHEY EMILE F. COCHET III BRIAN T. CONLEY JAMES T. CORBETT STACEY L. CRECY CHRISTOPHER A. CULPEPPER BIEN J. DECENA, JR. AARON W. DELANO-JOHNSON JEREMY R. DENNING LINNEA V. DORN SCOT R. DRUCKREY TRAVIS M. EMGY JOSHUA M. EMPEN KERRY A. FELTNER PATRICIA L. FERRELL KRYSTYON N. FINCH CHARLENE S. FORGUE JASON S. FRANZ BRETT A. FREELS HSINGYEN J. FU LISA L. GARCEZ BRENDAN T. GAVIN GLENN H. GOETCHIUS BENJAMIN F. GOFF, JR. JASON W. HAAG BRENDAN J. HARRIS LEE J. HARTSHORN CHRISTIAN J. HERNAEZ WHITNEY H. HOUCK PETER J. IGOE MARCUS A. IVERY WESTON R. JAMES VINCENT J. JANSEN JAMES A. JENKS JESSICA L. JOHNSON LACRESHA A. JOHNSON KEVIN T. KAROW ROBIN H. KAWAMOTO PAIGE A. KEENAN BENJAMIN R. KEFFER LUANN J. KEHLENBACH BRENT G. KENNY LYLE E. KESSLER STEVEN A. KOCH MATTHEW R. KOLODICA JENNIFER M. KONON ADAM J. KOZIATEK CHRISTOPHER W. LAVIN TIMOTHY J. LEE KAREN R. LEYDET CHRISTOPHER D. LUCERO JEFFREY D. LYNCH AARON J. MADER THOMAS D. MANSELL MATTHEW K. MATSUOKA JOSEPH W. MATTHEWS DOREEN MCCARTHY JAMES F. MCCORMACK DAVID M. MCCOWN COLLEEN S. MCCUSKER JAMES C. MCFERRAN V CARRIE A. MCKINNEY TERESA S. MCMANUS JOHN B. MCWHITE NATHAN S. MENEFEE MATTHEW J. MESKUN ANTHONY R. MIGLIORINI BORIS MONTATSKY COMMANDER K. MOORE JAMES K. MORROW, JR. ERNESTO MUNIZTIRADO RONALD T. NAKAMOTO BENJAMIN J. NORRIS JEREMY R. OBENCHAIN JEFFREY P. OWENS ERIC G. PARA CHRISTOPHER R. PARRISH MICHAEL C. PETTA CATHERINE A. PHILLIPS BEAU G. POWERS KEVIN J. RAPP EMILY P. REUTER MARIA L. RICHARDSON ROBERTO RIVERA JOSHUA D. ROSE JEFFREY H. RUBINI NATHAN L. RUMSEY JENNIFER M. RUNION RICHARD C. SANSONE ANDREW G. SCHANNO BRENT R. SCHMADEKE WILLIAM A. SCHRADE II PAUL W. SCHURKE GINO S. SCIORTINO, JR. RAY A. SLAPKUNAS ANDREA J. P. SMITH FRANCES M. SMITH JAKE M. SMITH PAUL D. SMITH JOHN A. SOUDERS V LANE G. STEFFENHAGEN STEVEN D. STOWERS JONATHAN E. SULLIVAN PATRICK M. SULLIVAN NICHOLAS J. TABORI VINCE Z. TAYLOR BRIAN J. TESSON JOSEPH G. THOMAS ALLYSON M. THOMPSON BRETT J. THOMPSON JOHN K. TITCHEN KRISTOFER A. TSAIRIS CHRISTOPHER B. TUCKEY MICHAEL O. VEGA DAVID B. VICKS JOHN E. WALSH IV RICHARD B. WALSH REBECCA A. WALTHOUR MATTHEW G. WEBER SHAY R. WILLIAMS TIMOTHY J. WILLIAMS TODD M. WIMMER CARRIE A. S. WOLFE MICHAEL D. WOLFE CHRISTOPHER WOLFER BRETT R. WORKMAN NICHOLAS S. WORST DAMIAN YEMMA STEVEN M. YOUDE CHRISTOPHER J. YOUNG KYLE S. YOUNG RUSSELL R. ZUCKERMAN 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate November 16, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
BRENDA BURMAN, OF ARIZONA, TO BE COMMISSIONER OF RECLAMATION. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
JOSEPH OTTING, OF NEVADA, TO BE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.008 S16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7312 November 16, 2017 
THE JUDICIARY  
DONALD C. COGGINS, JR., OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JOSEPH KERNAN, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE. GUY B. ROBERTS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. ROBERT L. WILKIE, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND READI-NESS. 
FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
JAMES THOMAS ABBOTT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JULY 1, 2020. COLLEEN KIKO, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JULY 29, 2022. ERNEST W. DUBESTER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JULY 1, 2019. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ROBERT BEHLER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. THOMAS B. MODLY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF THE NAVY. JAMES F. GEURTS, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. ROBERT H. MCMAHON, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. SHON J. MANASCO, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
REBECCA ELIZA GONZALES, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF LESOTHO. LISA A. JOHNSON, OF WASHINGTON, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF NAMIBIA. IRWIN STEVEN GOLDSTEIN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE FOR PUBLIC DIPLOMACY. SEAN P. LAWLER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE CHIEF OF PRO-TOCOL, AND TO HAVE THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR DUR-ING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE. FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LISA–FELICIA AFI AKORLI AND ENDING WITH STEPHANIE P. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 1, 2017 . FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN R. BASS II AND ENDING WITH SUNG Y. KIM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 1, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.017 S16NOPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1579 November 16, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF DAVITA VANCE-COOKS’ EXEMPLARY SERVICE TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the extraordinary contribu-tions of Davita Vance-Cooks, the Director of the Government Publishing Office (GPO), both to this institution and to the American people, on the announcement of her retirement from Federal service. A seasoned business execu-tive with over 35 years of private sector and Federal Government management experience, Ms. Vance-Cooks was nominated by President Obama in May of 2013 to serve as the 27th Public Printer of the United States and then swiftly confirmed by the Senate in July 2013. Upon her confirmation, she became the first woman and the first African-American to lead the GPO in the agency’s more than 150 year history dating back to the Inauguration of President Abraham Lincoln. Ms. Vance-Cooks is a trailblazer in so many ways. Her appointment to this prestigious position was well earned. Prior to her confirmation, Ms. Vance-Cooks had capably served as acting Public Printer for 19 months, the longest such tenure in GPO history, and in a number of senior management roles since she first joined the agency in 2004, including Chief of Staff, Deputy Public Printer, Deputy Managing Direc-tor of Customer Services, and Managing Di-rector of Publications and Information sales. Ms. Vance-Cooks’ service to the GPO began at a time of great change and uncer-tainty at the agency, as information technology and digital media challenged GPO to move from a primarily print-centric focus to a more content-centric one. In her senior management positions, and then as the head of the GPO, Ms. Vance-Cooks helped guide a fundamental and comprehensive transformation of the agency. She also articulated a vision for the future of the GPO as the Official, Digital, and Secure source for producing, protecting, preserving, and distributing the official publications and in-formation products of the Federal Government in an age of rapid technological change. Today, thanks to her dedication, and that of so many committed GPO employees, that vision is being realized. In recognition of the GPO’s successful tran-sition to digital publishing technologies that Ms. Vance-Cooks championed, Congress passed legislation to rename the agency that was signed into law in 2014. From that point forward, the Government Printing Office would be known as the Government Publishing Of-fice to more accurately describe its capabilities in this age of digitization, and the anachro-nistic Public Printer title would be replaced as well. Ms. Vance-Cooks would subsequently serve as GPO’s Director, the position from which she has retired this week. The transformation Ms. Vance-Cooks helped lead at GPO was broad in scope, and the accomplishments she helped achieve are impressive. First and foremost, she leaves a legacy of cutting agency costs while improving services, and generating positive net income for the agency while modernizing its oper-ations and expanding the availability of Gov-ernment information to the public. She oversaw the creation of a new, dynamic website, govinfo.gov, where over 2 million Federal titles are available free of charge to the general public, and spearheaded GPO’s move to become the first legislative branch agency to move to cloud technology. Under her leadership, GPO also became a key par-ticipant in the Legislative Branch Bulk Data Task Force, working closely with legislative branch agencies to expand the transparency and openness of congressional information. Her commitment to expanding the accessi-bility of GPO products also extended to the development of mobile applications, eBooks for GPO publications, the digitization of histor-ical issues of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD and the Federal Register, and the enhancement of GPO’s relationship with its 1,100 partners in the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP). Just this spring she offered testimony on how to strengthen that partnership by mod-ernizing the laws that govern the FDLP. Ms. Vance-Cooks also successfully exe-cuted an expansion of GPO’s production ca-pacity to incorporate the newest, state-of-the- art printing capabilities to deliver greater value to the American people. These enhancements have reduced the cost of printing congres-sional and agency documents, and provided GPO with the capability to produce next gen-eration U.S. passports and secure identity cards for other Federal partners. A strong believer in the importance of stra-tegic planning, Ms. Vance-Cooks chartered a course for GPO that dramatically improved the agency’s capabilities and productivity in a fis-cally responsible way. Under her leadership, the agency reversed a previous decade-long pattern of requesting ever greater appropria-tions from Congress and achieved clean opin-ions from annual independent audits of its fi-nances. It also endured an unprecedented 13– day shutdown of Federal operations without incident, and managed two employee buyouts that reduced GPO’s total staffing to 1,700, the lowest level in more than a century. It is a testament to Ms. Vance-Cooks’ com-mitment to employee engagement that GPO was able to meet these challenges while maintaining a ‘‘best place to work’’ rating among Federal agencies and an ‘‘innovative agency’’ designation from the Partnership for Public Service. That commitment formed a bedrock principle of her leadership and was demonstrated in her quarterly town halls with GPO employees from each of the agency’s three daily shifts. At each step of the way along the path of GPO’s transformation, Ms. Vance-Cooks sought the support and input of GPO’s dedicated workforce, and that collabo-rative approach paid enormous dividends. There is no question that Davita Vance- Cooks provided transformative leadership at the Government Publishing Office, and that she rendered a great service to the Legislative Branch, the House of Representatives, and the American public. She should look back on her tenure with GPO with great pride, and we express our gratitude to her today. She will be missed, and I join the hardworking men and women of the GPO who thought so highly of her in wishing her all the best in her future en-deavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on Novem-ber 13, 2017, and November 14, 2017, I was absent from the House and missed Roll Call Votes 623 through 628. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: on Roll Call Vote 623, on passage of H. Res. 599, I would have voted No; on Roll Call Vote 624, on passage of H.R. 3071, I would have voted Yes; on Roll Call Vote 625, on approval of the journal, I would have voted No; on Roll Call Vote 626, on ordering the pre-vious question, I would have voted No; on Roll Call Vote 627, on approval of H. Res. 616, I would have voted No; and on Roll Call Vote 628, on approving the journal, I would have voted No. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEEP AND ABIDING FRIENDSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND ISRAEL 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Bal-four Declaration, which was one of the most pivotal moments in the founding of the state of Israel. Yesterday, the House of Representatives approved a bipartisan resolution that I intro-duced with several of my colleagues to recog-nize this truly historic anniversary. Passage of this resolution reaffirms our un-breakable bond with the nation of Israel—a bond this administration is committed to guarding and strengthening. Israel was the first country President Trump visited after he took office, and Vice President Pence is trav-eling to Israel next month, making this resolu-tion especially timely. As the Vice President works on several im-portant issues on his trip, this resolution sends a clear message that the U.S. House strongly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.001 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1580 November 16, 2017 
supports our national partnership, the Vice President’s trip and the nation of Israel. Again, I want to thank my colleagues for their unanimous support of this resolution. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF PROFESSOR UWE REINHARDT 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Uwe Reinhardt, a leading health economist whose work has shaped health care policy. Professor Reinhardt passed away this week at the age of 80, leaving behind a legacy of scholarship and dedication. Professor Reinhardt was a longtime mem-ber of Princeton University. He started in 1967 as an assistant professor before rising through the ranks to become the James Madison pro-fessor of political economy and professor of economics and public affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School. Throughout his career, Professor Reinhardt became known as a leading expert in health economics. He served on the governing coun-cil of the Institute of Medicine and on the Phy-sician Payment Review Commission, and won countless awards for his work. Born in Germany in 1937, Professor Reinhardt later moved to Canada. He earned his bachelor of commerce degree from the University of Saskatchewan in 1964, and his Ph.D. in economics from Yale University. While I did not always agree with Professor Reinhardt, I always found him to be agree-able, and I always learned something from each encounter with him. He will be missed. 
f 
HONORING W. TERRY LINDLEY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize W. Terry Lindley for being honored as a distinguished community leader by Santa Rosa Junior College at their 2017 AgStravaganza. Mr. Lindley was born and raised on a family ranch in Humboldt County. He graduated from Ferndale High School in 1976 and Santa Rosa Junior College in 1974. He retired earlier this year from American AgCredit where he was chief marketing officer and senior vice presi-dent. Mr. Lindley lives in Healdsburg, Cali-fornia with his wife, Misty. They have four chil-dren, Lily, Quincy, Abbi and Jake. During his 40-year career at American AgCredit, Mr. Lindley became a respected leader in Sonoma County agriculture, business and education. Through his leadership and support, he has helped grow our agriculture education, advocacy and farm youth pro-grams. Mr. Lindley has served many years on the board of trustees for Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC) and is a longtime director of the SRJC Ag Trust Foundation, which raises money to enhance the college’s agricultural program and the 365 acre Shone Farm, where students gain hands-on experience in such fields as viticulture, livestock production and sustainable crop farming. Mr. Lindley was instrumental in building the Saralee and Richard’s Bam at the Sonoma County Fairgrounds. The three million dollar ‘‘barn’’ is an agricultural center where students learn about the source of their food and Sonoma County’s diverse agricultural commu-nity. Mr. Lindley is a major supporter of the 4– H, Future Farmers of America (FFA) and the Sonoma County Fair. He has provided schol-arships to deserving agriculture students and is a major buyer of 4–H and FFA animals at the fair’s Junior Livestock Auction. Mr. Speaker, Terry Lindley has a strong work ethic and is a leader in our agriculture, business and educational communities. It is fit-ting and proper that we recognize him here today for his achievements. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, on October 3, 2017, I was unable to be present for the vote on the motion to recommit on H.R. 36, offered by Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. Had I been present for Roll Call No. 548, I would have voted ‘‘AYE.’’ I was also unable to be present for the vote on passage of H.R. 36, offered by Mr. F
RANKS  of Arizona. Had I been present for Roll Call No. 549, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ I was also unable to be present for the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, S. 782 offered by Mr. C
ORNYN of Texas. Had I been present for Roll Call No. 550, I would have voted ‘‘AYE.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL PHILANTHROPY DAY 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the National Philanthropy Day Awards held on this day to honor the millions of great Americans across the country and around my district in Northwest Florida who selflessly dedicate their lives, time, money and talents for the benefit of others. Each year a special event is held by the As-sociation of Fundraising Professionals to honor those who impact our community on a daily basis without want of reward, recognition or return. The West Florida Chapter announced the nominees for this year due to their philan-thropic community efforts. They include: The Ambersley Foundation; Audi Pensacola; Bap-tist Health Care; Terry Berling; Randy Bricker; Carol Carlan; Madrina Ciano; Cross Faith Church; Escambia County Council of PTA/ PTSAs; Junior League of Pensacola; Levin Rinke Realty; David Lorenzo; Harold Marcus, Jr.; David Peaden, II; Pen Air Federal Credit Union; Michelle Salzman; Sunday’s Child; and Todd Torgersen. This may just be a list of names to those lending an ear, but to me and my constituency this list is comprised of organizations and indi-viduals who lead by example, inspire those around them and leave a lasting impact on our community. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to congratulate these individuals and organizations on their selfless acts of giving, and to thank the Na-tional Philanthropy Day Awards for hosting a day to honor individuals who give all but ask for nothing in return. f 
HONORING DELPHINE METCALF- FOSTER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Delphine Metcalf-Foster, upon the occasion of her selection as the Na-tional Commander of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV). Ms. Metcalf-Foster is the daughter of a U.S. Army veteran and a graduate of Vallejo High School, Solano Community College and Sonoma State University. She served with the U.S. Army Reserve, 689th Quartermaster Unit, 6253rd Hospital Unit, 6211th Transportation Unit and at Letterman Army Medical Center. Ms. Metcalf-Foster was injured during her service in Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm in January 1991. She retired after 21 years of dedicated service. As the new National Commander of the DAV, Ms. Metcalf-Foster will represent nearly 1.3 million disabled veterans. Her duties in-clude traveling around the country to speak at conferences, meeting public officials and ad-vocating for our veterans. She will serve in this position for one year. She has already vis-ited the Sam Houston Training center for med-ical personnel in Texas, where she was sta-tioned in 1996. She lives by the DAV motto, ‘‘I’m here to serve my fellow veterans.’’ Ms. Metcalf-Foster is the first woman and first Afri-can-American woman to serve as National Commander. In addition to her new duties, Ms. Metcalf- Foster will continue to volunteer with the VA Clinic on Mare Island. Vallejo, California Mayor Bob Sampayan has proclaimed Novem-ber 18, 2017 ‘‘Delphine Metcalf-Foster Day.’’ Mr. Speaker, the Disabled American Vet-erans have selected Delphine Metcalf-Foster as their National Commander. As a disabled combat veteran, myself, I am proud to rep-resent a constituent who works hard to serve our veterans. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.002 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1581 November 16, 2017 
NORTHERN INDIANA AREA LABOR FEDERATION COMMUNITY LABOR AWARDS RECEPTION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-tinct honor to congratulate several of North-west Indiana’s finest citizens. The Northern In-diana Area Labor Federation, American Fed-eration of Labor—Congress of Industrial Orga-nizations (AFL–CIO), recognized several indi-viduals and organizations for their dedication and service during the Northern Indiana Area Labor Federation Community Labor Awards Reception, which was held at Wicker Park in Highland, Indiana, on Thursday, November 16, 2017. These individuals, in addition to all Northern Indiana Area Labor Federation mem-bers who have served Northwest Indiana so diligently for such a long period of time, are the epitome of the ideal American worker: loyal, dedicated, and hardworking. At this year’s event, several individuals and organizations received special recognition. State Representative Linda Lawson was the recipient of the Service to Labor Award for her many years of support to the labor movement and her outstanding dedication to union mem-bers. The Union Labor Award was presented to Dan Waldrop, retired Business Manager, IBEW Local 697, for his unselfish devotion to the labor movement through its promotion in all areas: social, civic, educational, and polit-ical. The Honorable Joe Stahura, Mayor of Whit-ing, Indiana, was recognized with the Commu-nity Services Award for his exemplary work on behalf of his community and to the enhance-ment of the quality of life for residents and visitors of Northwest Indiana. Larry Regan, Teamsters Local 142, was honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award for his many years of labor activism and his commitment to his community. For the excep-tional service he has provided to the people of Northwest Indiana, he is worthy of our admira-tion and respect. Guy Seydel, Boilermakers Local 374, and Ross Gluth, Roofers Local 26, were presented with the George Meany Award for their signifi-cant contributions to the youth of their commu-nities through their involvement with the Boy Scouts of America. The President’s Award was presented to Chuck Jones, USW Local 1999, for his dedi-cation to the labor movement and his note-worthy service to the organization. Chuck is worthy of the honor bestowed upon him. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-guished colleagues join me in congratulating these dedicated, honorable, and exemplary citizens, while commending all of the hard-working union men and women throughout America. They have shown commitment and courage toward their pursuits, and I am proud to represent each of them in Washington, DC. RECOGNIZING THE JACKSONVILLE CITIZENS POLICE ACADEMY AND THE POLICEMAN’S BALL HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Jacksonville, Illinois Citizens Po-lice Academy (CPA) Alumni Association, as they celebrate their 6th annual Policeman’s Ball to honor the brave members of the police force in our community. Since 1999, the CPA has recruited and trained citizens to join their alumni association, which provides assistance to the Jacksonville Police Department and the community at large. Throughout the year, members of the alumni association assist the Jacksonville Po-lice Department with traffic control, parking for events, and park patrol. Every year, the CPA Alumni Association host the Policeman’s Ball to honor all Central Illinois’ policemen and women. The Police-man’s Ball is a celebration of the dedication and service our brave policemen and women give to our community. This year, the CPA is recognizing Jean Jumper, the Executive Direc-tor of the West Central Mass Transit District, with the Civilian Community Service of the Year Award. Under Jean’s leadership, West Central Mass Transit found a way to keep buses running when the Illinois state govern-ment was unable to provide funding. I am grateful for her service to West Central Illinois and her community. I extend my sincere congratulations to the Citizens Police Academy Alumni Association on their years of service and applaud the ef-forts to recognize the sacrifice of Central Illi-nois officers with the 6th annual Policeman’s Ball. 
f 
HONORING LARRY JOE MILLER (1943–2017) 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor the life of Larry Joe Miller, artist-in-residence for the City of Holly-wood, Florida. Larry served our nation in the United States Air Force where he earned a distinguished record of overseas service. A true renaissance man, Larry was re-nowned for his music and art. He was known in South Florida as ‘‘Mr. Rockabilly’’ from his 50 years as a touring musician. During his touring days, he played with several popular bands, including the Thingies, Larry Joe Miller and the Rockabilly Rockets, and the Delu-sions. He was a lifelong artist who delighted Hollywood residents and all who visited. As artist-in-residence, he hosted weekly community art events, including classes for students in need and his famous ‘‘Paint for Fun’’ nights, which allowed hundreds of South Florida residents to paint for free in Hollywood ArtsPark. Above all, Larry was a beloved husband and father who impacted the lives of all who knew him. He is survived by his wife Amy; his sons Clay, Tyler, John Paul (Shelli), and Den-nis (Stacy); and his grandchildren Aradia, Olivia, Phoenix, Owen, Quinn, Jessica, and Jason. The City of Hollywood and the entire South Florida family lost an icon who will be sorely missed; however, I am confident Larry Joe Miller’s legacy will live on through his work and the lessons he taught so many in our community. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FOOD AND FARM ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Congress will once again take up the Farm Bill—a mas-sive piece of legislation governing U.S. agri-cultural policies that is debated every five years. The Farm Bill affects everything from human health to the environment, from our na-tional debt to the price of a gallon of milk. I’ve long argued that it is one of the most impor-tant bills that Congress regularly considers. Time and time again, I’ve watched big agri-culture businesses dominate Farm Bill nego-tiations, with the voices of those. who care about small and mid-sized farmers, conserva-tion, research, and healthy food drowned out. Frustrated by the process, I’ve spent the past two years asking Oregon’s farmers and ranch-ers, people in health care, nutrition, conserva-tion, food processing and distribution, local government, and education, what they think the Farm Bill should look like. There is clear consensus that Congress really can do better when it comes to our na-tion’s food policy, but that will require a strong-er, more unified approach. Today, I am introducing an alternative Farm Bill, the Food and Farm Act. My bill follows four key principles to reforming our nation’s food policies—focusing resources on those who need it most, fostering innovation, en-couraging investments in people and the plan-et, and ensuring access to healthy foods. The legislation gets rid of certain expensive and in-efficient subsidy programs so they can’t be abused by wealthy agribusinesses. It also doubles funding to support environmental pro-tection, invests in helping new and socially disadvantaged farmers, and ensures animals are more humanely treated. I’m looking forward to continuing the con-versation in the coming months to make sure that Congress sets a food and farm policy that works for everyone. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR WIL-LIAM ‘‘BILL’’ J. GOLEMBIEWSKI 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Major William ‘‘Bill’’ J. Golembiewski for his exemplary dedication to duty and service as an Army Congressional Fellow and Congressional Budget Liaison for the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller). Major Golembiewski is transitioning from his present assignment to serve as an operations officer for the 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment, The Old Guard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.006 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1582 November 16, 2017 
A native of Southern California, Major Golembiewski was commissioned as an infan-try officer after his graduation from California State University, Fullerton with a Bachelor of Science degree. He also has a Master’s de-gree in Legislative Affairs from the George Washington University. Golembiewski has served in a broad range of assignments during his Army career. He served as the Alpha Company and later as the Heavy Weapons Airborne Platoon Leader for the 173rd Airborne Brigade in Vicenza, Italy. As the Heavy Weapons Platoon Leader, Major Golembiewski deployed to Afghanistan in 2007. After his tour, Major Golembiewski was assigned to Southern California, where he served as the operations officer for the U.S. Army Recruiting Battalion—Southern California and later commanded the Riverside Company in the U.S. Army Recruiting Battalion. In 2012, Major Golembiewski left for his second deployment to Afghanistan where he commanded the Bravo Troop, 6–1 Cavalry of the 1st Striker Brigade Combat Team. After two successful company command assign-ments, he served as an operations officer for the 1st Striker Brigade, 1st Armor Division. In that assignment he was nominated and se-lected for the U.S. Army Congressional Fel-lowship Program. In 2015, as an Army Congressional Fellow, I had the privilege of working with Major Golembiewski in my office for a year and dur-ing his subsequent assignment as a Congres-sional Budget Liaison for the U.S. Army. Major Golembiewski worked tirelessly with Members of Congress and their staffs to accurately ar-ticulate the Army’s budget positions to the Ap-propriations Committees. His professionalism, diligence, and commitment to the mission are unmatched, and his work both as a fellow and as a liaison very effectively represented the U.S. Army and the Department of Defense to the United States Congress. The foundation of Major Golembiewski mili-tary success is his family. He is a devoted husband to his wife, Ginger, and committed father to his daughter, Sienna, and his son, Grant. The Golembiewski family’s commitment to this nation is a testament of the Army’s val-ues. They best exemplify the spirit of selfless service, and their care for others permeates in every aspects of their lives. Throughout his career, Major Golembiewski has positively impacted soldiers, peers, and superiors. Our country has benefited tremen-dously from his extraordinary leadership, judg-ment, and passion. I join my colleagues today in honoring his dedication to our Nation and invaluable service to the United States Con-gress as an Army Congressional Liaison. Mr. Speaker, it has been a genuine pleas-ure to have worked with Major Bill Golembiewski over the last three years. On behalf of a grateful nation, I join my col-leagues today in recognizing and commending Bill for his service to our country, and we wish him all the best as he continues his service in the United States Army. SALUTE TO C.A.R.S. RACING FOR A CAUSE 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, on December 10, 2017, C.A.R.S. Racing for a Cause, Inc. will hold its final Charity 200 race event after twelve years of helping children and families who are facing serious and terminal illness in Central Florida. C.A.R.S. Racing for a Cause Inc. was founded in 2006 by Carla, Amanda, Rick and Sara Bristol of Orlando, Florida. That is what C.A.R.S. stands for. At that time Rick, a life-long racing enthusiast, met a family with a child suffering from leukemia. Wanting very much to help this little boy, who was an avid fan of monster trucks; Rick used his contacts in the racing industry to pull together a 200 lap charity truck race and raised about $6500 to help this little boy and his family pay for his treatments. Since then C.A.R.S. Racing for a Cause has been helping families in need hosting a num-ber of charitable events throughout the year which culminate in one big racing weekend event called the Charity 200. Every year C.A.R.S. board of directors selects two or more families with serious medical needs and dedicates the year’s events to raising funds to help them through difficult times. In 2012, Rick enlisted the help of friend and NASCAR Truck Series winning driver Joey Coulter, and parents Joe & Susan Coulter, to help grow and promote the Charity 200 race weekend. Working together, Rick and Joey have raised over $275,000 to help 30 Florida families to date. At the conclusion of this year’s event, 33 families, and over $300,000 will have been raised and distributed to help those in need. This year, C.A.R.S. will be helping Gianna Palazzolo, a six year old girl from Bartow FL, who was seriously injured in a car accident; Kaitlynn Swanbeck of Auburndale FL, age six-teen and has a serious back disease; and Shaunna Posey-Cajigas of Titusville FL, a twenty-seven year old mother with a five year old son who is battling stage 4 thyroid cancer. Special thanks also go to Don Nerone & Robert Hart who allowed Rick to begin the Charity 200 event at Orlando Speedworld in 2006. In 2012, the event was moved to Auburndale Speedway where Rex and Colette Guy, Ken & Charlotte Hyatt donated the use of the facility, paid the insurance and helped grow the event each year. Rick and Joey have had the following board members along with Rick’s family these 12 years: Butch and Barbara Pierce, Chad and Nicole Pierce, and Eric Reynolds. They have all labored with love to help children and fami-lies facing these diseases and tough times. Many other loyal friends and family have vol-unteered to help make all these events pos-sible. Their mission has been ‘‘And of some have compassion, making a difference.’’ Jude 22. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting C.A.R.S. Racing for a Cause, and all those who have helped make their events successful. IN HONOR OF JOSEPH M. DEFFNER HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize and honor the life of a dedi-cated husband, father, mentor, and community leader from The Woodlands, TX: Joseph Mi-chael Deffner. Born and raised in New Orleans, Joe Deffner spent his early years in Louisiana be-fore moving to The Woodlands and becoming a true Texan. As a child, Joe was a member of the Saint Edward the Confessor Church Cub Scout Pack 496 in Metairie, Louisiana. Many years later, Joe imparted this love of scouting to his own three sons: Justin, Brett, and Jackson, who remained active in scouting throughout their teenage years. Ultimately, Joe dedicated ten years of his life to the local scouting program at St. Simon and Jude’s Catholic Church, in The Wood-lands, TX, including a three-year stint as the Scoutmaster of Troop 204, one of the largest troops in the Tall Timbers District. Devoted to the advancement and leadership development of his sons and the many scouts under his leadership, Joe personally led three scout trips to High Adventure Bases across the country, and under his guidance, thirty-two scouts attained the rank of Eagle Scout, the highest achievement in the Boy Scouts of America. Joe’s hard work and dedication was rewarded in 2014, when he was recognized as the Tall Timber District’s ‘‘Outstanding Scout Leader’’. In addition to his community involvement, Joe built a successful career in finance. Highly respected in his field, Joe’s career led him to work for industry giants, such as Citi Global Commodities, Amaranth, Enron Corp, and UBS. In 2013, Joe filled a new role as the Managing Director of HPS Investment Part-ners LLC in Houston, TX. Joe’s dedication to his wife, Lisa Bills, and his sons, Justin, Brett, and Jackson provides a stellar example of a loving husband and fa-ther—an example that deserves to be recog-nized and emulated by all who hear of his story. I am certain that Joe’s entire family, in-cluding his mother and father, Mary and Jo-seph; his sister, Cheryl; his niece and neph-ews, Maia, Liam, and Aidan; his mother-in- law, Donna; and brothers-in-law, John and Eric will sorely miss his quick wit and lively personality. It is my honor to join Joe’s family, friends, and the entire community of The Woodlands, TX, to recognize Joe’s lifetime of dedicated service. Joe passed away on November 7, 2017, and he will be truly missed. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SECURING DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY FIREARMS ACT OF 2017 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, in January 2010, the Department of Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.010 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1583 November 16, 2017 
(DHS) Office of Inspector General (OIG) re-ported that 289 firearms issued to DHS offi-cers were lost between fiscal years 2006 and 2008. While some reported losses were due to circumstances beyond the control of DHS offi-cers, the majority of the losses occurred be-cause firearms were not properly secured. The OIG identified that the lack of Department- wide firearm policy was a major reason why firearms were not secured. In October 2017, the OIG reported that de-spite DHS’s efforts following the 2010 report to establish enhanced controls and monitoring, personnel still did not properly safeguard fire-arms and other sensitive assets. Specifically, DHS reported that between fiscal years 2014 and 2016 the Department lost a total of 228 firearms, 1,889 badges, and 25 immigration stamps. The OIG reported that 57 percent of the reports of lost firearms and sensitive as-sets that it reviewed involved officers who did not properly safeguard their sensitive asset and 23 percent of the reports did not include sufficient detail to determine whether the office properly safeguarded the asset. The October report detailed ongoing problems within DHS that contribute to failures to safeguard firearms and sensitive assets, including insufficient tracking and recording mechanisms, insuffi-cient guidance over badges, and poor over-sight and enforcement policies. The Securing Department of Homeland Se-curity Firearms Act of 2017 ensures that the Department establishes effective safeguards and controls over firearms and other sensitive assets that are issued to DHS officers. This legislation requires the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to develop a Department-wide direc-tive for achieving adequate security over fire-arms and other sensitive assets across the Department. The directive must include re-quirements for securing Department-issued firearms and other sensitive assets and report-ing and recordkeeping requirements for lost firearms or sensitive assets. Moreover, this bill mandates that heads of DHS components pro-vide personnel with training and guidance on how to adhere to safeguarding requirements and, in the event a firearm is lost or stolen, how to properly report the loss or theft. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RON GOLDSTEIN 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a good friend and great edu-cational leader in Eastern Connecticut, Mr. Ron Goldstein, who is stepping down after a long and distinguished career on the Board of Education in the town of Colchester, CT. Mr. Goldstein is a local hero in Colchester. He was raised in the town, graduated from Colchester’s Bacon Academy in 1985, at-tended Brandeis University and obtained his law degree from Harvard. In 1992, Mr. Gold-stein returned to his native Colchester and made his home there. Shortly thereafter he was recruited to serve in town government by the former first selectwoman and my former district director, the late Jenny Contois. He began on the town’s Charter Adoption Com-mission and spent the next 24 years serving the town in various positions, including 16 years as a member of the Board of Finance and eight as the chairman of the Colchester Board of Education. He is a tireless champion of quality education and is deeply committed to his community. Mr. Goldstein is also on the Boards of the Colchester Library, the Collabo-rative for Colchester’s Children, and the Colchester Community Theatre. He’s even performed in several plays. Ron is a man of deep faith and active at his synagogue, Colchester Ahavath Achim. Mr. Speaker, it gives me particular pleasure to praise Ron’s record, because I am a Demo-crat and Ron is a Republican and yet we never once over the 12 years I have known him ever discussed town or national issues through the lens of party politics. His focus has always been what’s best for Colchester and our nation. That, Mr. Speaker, is exactly the kind of public service our nation needs and his example is an inspiring one, particu-larly at a time when politics and government are facing a crisis of confidence in the public at large. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please rise to thank Ron for his years of dedication to the Colchester community. Although his lead-ership as chairman of the Board of Education will surely be missed, I am confident that his commitment to Colchester will continue in the years to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CAMP LEE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 50th Anniversary of Camp Lee in Anniston, Alabama. The original campsite was purchased in 1930 by the Choccolocco Council, Boy Scouts of America, and maintained as a boy scout camp from 1931 to 1965 as Camp Zinn. This site was selected by General R.E. Noble and C.H. Young, Sr. for the Choccolocco Council. General Henry Zinn, who died in 1924, willed $10,000 for the purchase of the property. As a result of the Boy Scouts’ purchase of a new campsite in Dekalb County, Camp Zinn was for sale. On August 11, 1966, the Official Board of the First United Methodist Church ac-cepted a gift of 1,000 shares of Phelps Dodge Corporation common stock from Mr. Arthur H. Lee, who the camp would later be named for. At a September First United Methodist Church Anniston Quarterly Church Con-ference, a loan of $65,000 was authorized to purchase Camp Zinn from the Boy Scouts. In February of 1967, a loan was secured with the stock that Mr. Lee had given the church. The loan was satisfied and the stock redeemed. At the time of purchase, the camp consisted of just the dining hall and kitchen, Green Lodge, the Guest House and several old tent sites and out-houses. In addition to the origi-nal buildings, the main lake across from the dining hall and the one-acre lake in Village 2 were already at the camp. Since the purchase, the cabins, pool, addi-tional lodges and roads have been built. Sev-eral other properties have been added to the camp since 1966 including Holly Springs Bap-tist Church property, the Kiker House and Lee Farm area. Camp Lee now consists of 382 acres. Camp Lee provides a facility for those who seek Christ in an outdoor environment. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 50th Anniversary of Camp Lee. f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. RUBIE ELLA NIXON SCHUMPERT 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a great South Carolinian and accom-plished educator who will celebrate her 100th birthday on November 22nd. Mrs. Rubie Ella Nixon Schumpert is the third of nine children born to Mr. Sumter Nixon and Mrs. Ella Bell Suber Nixon on November 22, 1917. She received her elementary education in South Carolina and Maryland, and her high school education at Harbison Institute in Irmo, South Carolina where she was class valedic-torian. She attended Barber-Scotia and Benedict colleges and obtained her Masters of Edu-cation degree from South Carolina State Col-lege. She did further studies at Wake Forest University and the University of South Caro-lina. Mrs. Schumpert earned certification in six areas of study: Elementary Education, Social Studies, English, Mathematics, French and Counseling. Mrs. Schumpert began her professional ca-reer in Lexington County, South Carolina, where she served as an elementary and high school teacher, head teacher and elementary school principal. Later in her career, she worked in Richland County School District One at C.A. Johnson High School as a guid-ance counselor and was chair of the Math De-partment. While at C.A. Johnson, Mrs. Schumpert co-authored a mathematics text-book through a federal grant for non-college bound students through the University of South Carolina. She recorded television lessons for the U.S. military to help young soldiers achieve suc-cess in algebra courses. She also served on Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) committees evaluating schools across the state of South Carolina. Upon retiring from the District One School System, Mrs. Schumpert worked at Benedict College as a professor of mathematics for ten years. She has long been active in the community serving on numerous professional and civic organiza-tions. Mrs. Schumpert was married to the late John Barton Schumpert, and they had two daughters, La Verne S. (Alphonso) Bassard and LaMaris S. Mack. She also has four grandchildren and five great grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I began my professional ca-reer as a classroom teacher in the public schools of South Carolina, and I have always revered the profession of educator, especially those at the grade school level. I am honored to pay tribute to this great educator, Mrs. Rubie Ella Nixon Schumpert and ask that you and my colleagues join me in wishing her a happy 100th birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.013 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1584 November 16, 2017 
OUR PILGRIMS PRIDE 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a poem, on behalf of Albert Carey Caswell, to honor the men and women of the Armed Forces and their families on this Thanksgiving holiday. 
OURPILGRIMS PRIDE Our Pilgrims pride In this Thanksgiving time All across our country side As our Nation takes the time To so look deep down inside And reflect and give thanks for this year gone by As we thank our Lord God on high And the men and women of The Armed Forces and their families who fight and die For all our freedoms to provide Holding our families to our sides We give thanks for all our lives And the freedom and peace upon which our Nation relies As a great feast of thanks is prepared by our loved ones upon which to dine While, the fire places proving such warmth inside As all across our Nation out at football games we cry As we give thanks as we reflect back at the Pilgrim’s pride Who for their blessings so took the time But, some families on this holiday will never be close With one less seat at the dinner table to host Who over the years have lost their precious loved ones who meant the most Who fought on battlefields of honor from coast to coast While, others sit around the dinner table without arms and legs and eyes All because of that magnificence which burns deep down inside While, thousands of miles away, heroes are separated from their loved ones in harms way Whose mommies and daddies can’t be home today For all of us, to them and their families we give thanks this day All so the price of freedom can be paid So this Thanksgiving hold your family close And remember what means the most And give thanks to all of those The Magnificent men and women and fami-lies of The Armed Forces defend us so On this day our Pilgrim’s Pride of thanks we give all of those f 
HONORING TIMOTHY J. FARLEY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Timothy J. Farley upon the occasion of being recognized by the Council for Advancement and Support of Edu-cation with their annual leadership award. Mr. Farley was born on a military base in Europe and was raised in Martinez, California. He earned his associate’s degree from Diablo Valley College and his bachelor’s degree from the University of California, Davis. He was elected to the Martinez City Council in 1990 and reelected in 1994. He is currently the Di-rector of Community and Government Rela-tions for Saint Mary’s College in Moraga, Cali-fornia. The Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE) recognizes two individ-uals from across the country for their out-standing advocacy work on behalf of edu-cational institutions. CASE is honoring Mr. Farley for his work and leadership in elevating the profile of Saint Mary’s College among Cali-fornia legislators and staff. Mr. Farley’s col-leagues praise him for having excellent com-munication skills and for building first class partnerships and an effective community rela-tions program. In addition, to his work at St. Mary’s Col-lege, Mr. Farley is dedicated to community service. In 1978, the Martinez Chamber of Commerce honored Mr. Farley as Young Man of the Year for ‘‘Outstanding Contribution to the Community.’’ He was appointed to the United States Electoral College in 1996. He has written a public affairs column for the Mar-tinez-Pleasant Hill Record. He is the founder of the Luncheon Society, a public affairs roundtable. Mr. Farley is a longtime advocate for veterans and nontraditional students. Mr. Speaker, Timothy J. Farley is very de-serving of this recognition by virtue of his lead-ership, commitment, and passion for service. I am proud to have such a man working and liv-ing in our community, and I’m honored to call him my friend. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
HONORING COLONEL CHARLES D (DAVE) JONES, USAF (RET) 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the contributions of Colo-nel Charles (Dave) Jones of Medical Lake, Washington. Colonel Dave Jones has lived a life of serv-ice. A Veteran of Vietnam, Korea, and World War II, Col. Jones answered his nation’s call, served valiantly, and has made a tremendous impact. In World War II, as a commander of the 340th Training Battalion, he was respon-sible for ensuring that our airmen were trained to effectively and safely serve their country in the skies over Europe. An officer in the United States Air Force, he served as commander of Fairchild Air Force Base and retired here in Spokane in the 1970s. Colonel Jones continued to be an active and important member of the Spokane com-munity. Among his numerous activities, Colo-nel Jones served as a member of the Lilac Festival Board of Directors and was instru-mental in bringing the Expo ‘74 to Spokane. Colonel Jones and his wife Margaret have been active in the local veterans community, helping to illustrate the unique issues faced by veterans in Eastern Washington. Colonel Jones once challenged me to be a part of the 5 percent of any organization who gets the job done. This is the example he set for all of us. Colonel Jones is a man we admire, and we owe him our gratitude for his lifelong contribu-tions to our nation and to Spokane. CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF CHILLICOTHE, OHIO HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to celebrate the 100th Anniver-sary of the Rotary Club of Chillicothe, Ohio. From its founding at the Clinton House Drug Store in 1917, countless members of our Chil-licothe community have been called by the Club’s motto ‘‘Service above Self,’’ and de-sired to spread goodwill to their neighbors. The Club initially focused its energy on sup-porting the efforts surrounding World War I, such as the sale of Liberty Bonds, but soon was able to expand its efforts to improve other communities. In the early 1920s, the Chil-licothe Rotary Club was essential in installing clubs in Ironton, Portsmouth, Washington Court House, Wellston, Circleville, Jackson, Lancaster, Logan, Nelsonville, and Greenfield. The impact of this organization throughout the 15th District is immeasurable; like a pebble dropped in a pond, the ripples are far-reach-ing. Over the past century, the Chillicothe Rotary Club has been involved in numerous initiatives and projects benefitting their community. From purchasing books for the Chillicothe Public Li-brary in the 1940s, to supporting the building of a YMCA facility in the 1960s, fundraising for PolioPlus in the 1980s, and building a handi-cap accessible shelter house in the 2000s, the Chillicothe Rotary Club has made our South-ern Ohio community a better place. Today, the Chillicothe Rotary Club hosts an annual Pancake Day, supports students and advisors involved with Junior Achievement of Ross County, and provides many scholarships to area youth. I am extremely grateful to have all those involved for their continued efforts. Again, I wish to congratulate President John O’Connor and the entire Chillicothe Rotary Club upon this historic milestone, and convey my most sincere appreciation for their ability to place ‘‘Service above Self.’’ 
f 
COMMEMORATING CENTRAL CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL FOR RE-CEIVING THE NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor Central Catholic High School in Bloomington, Illinois for receiving the U.S. De-partment of Education National Blue Ribbon. Since 1982, the U.S. Department of Edu-cation has awarded the Blue Ribbon to schools across the country based on their overall academic excellence. This year, 342 schools across the nation were awarded the National Blue Ribbon, including Central Catho-lic High School. Central Catholic High School prides itself on their academic excellence and a proactive student body. As an institution rooted in Catholic values, Central Catholic is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.017 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1585 November 16, 2017 
committed to reinforcing the principals of Christian service, responsibility to the commu-nity, and respect for life. Additionally, Central Catholic High School was named one of the most academically challenging schools in Illinois by the Wash-ington Post in 2017. Led by Principal Sean Foster, the faculty has developed an effective curriculum to meet the academic needs of all students which prepares them to pursue high-er education and professional careers. It is an honor to represent the students, fac-ulty, and administrators at Central Catholic High School. Their dedication to education, and their students, makes them a deserving recipient of the National Blue Ribbon, and more importantly, an example for schools all across the nation. 
f 
REMARKS AT THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY CELEBRATION OF THE U.S. COMMISSION ON CIVIL RIGHTS 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to include in the R
ECORD these remarks I recently made to commemorate the 60th Anniversary of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights: 
I’m standing with Chairman Castro from the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights in a vil-lage called Taholah. It’s the lower reserva-tion of the Quinault Indian Nation. The na-tion’s President, Fawn Sharp, takes us up a slight incline as we look out at the Pacific Ocean. ‘‘When I was a kid,’’ she says, ‘‘The ocean was a football field’s length away. Now it’s our front porch.’’ She explains that her village has been there since time immemorial. But in recent years, it has begun to see the threats of ris-ing sea levels and more severe storms—not to mention the threat of tsunami. She points out that village is below sea level—which wasn’t a problem in past generations. But now, on numerous occasions, the sea wall has breached and their village has filled up like a bowl. That story—and the stories of the four other tribes in my district that—as we sit here today are in the process of trying to move to higher ground—deserves to be heard. And it is why I’m grateful to Mr. Castro and to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights for listening. Billy Frank, a Native American civil rights icon, provided vital direction to those who needed to be heard, who wanted to advo-cate. He would say, ‘‘tell your story, tell your story.’’ Storytelling is essential for change. But in order for change to happen, some-one needs to hear that story, and listen to the people telling it. Too often, there is no one listening when communities of color or disadvantaged populations tell their story. That’s why the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is so important. For 60 years, the US. Commission on Civil Rights has listened. And they’ve detailed, in sharp focus, the in-equity tribal communities across the nation face, in addition to many other injustices. In a 2003 report called The Quiet Crisis, they showed our government’s systemic fail-ure to live up to its treaty obligations with tribal communities. I am grateful for the work they’re doing to update that report. I want to tell you another one of the sto-ries we heard. One of the tribal leaders shared his story. He said, ‘‘Do you want the good news or the bad news?’’ I said, ‘‘Let’s hear the good news!’’ He said, ‘‘Every one of our high schoolers graduated this past year.’’ I said, ‘‘So what’s the bad news?’’ He then shared that, for the first time, the state of Washington was requiring that students take the state mandated exam over the internet. He said, ‘‘We don’t have high speed inter-net.’’ He said, ‘‘We tried a sample test. We shut down every computer in the school ex-cept two.’’ It’s one of those exams where you answer ten questions and then click next page. He said, ‘‘We tried it. It took a minute and 44 seconds to get to the next page.’’ So that’s not going to work. Sadly—that tribe, too, is not alone. Many of the coastal tribes lack the basic broadband that many of us take for granted. It doesn’t just create a barrier to first re-sponders, and to folks who want to start a business, or to kids who need to pass a test. It’s a civil rights problem. According to the FCC approximately 63 percent of Tribal land residents lack access to strong broadband. Only 17 percent of the rest of the nation faces a similar challenge. This isn’t the only challenge tribal com-munities face. We know they have a higher rate of substance abuse issues than the gen-eral population, they have lower graduation rates, they have underfunded schools and po-lice forces and many areas lack the eco-nomic development opportunities necessary to provide families with a quality income. These are real problems, and too often these communities are ignored. But the U.S. Commission on Civil rights is listening. And they’re amplifying quiet voices. I am pleased with the fact that the Com-mission is working on an update to the Quiet Crisis Report. When it’s completed, it can provide a roadmap for Congress and for the Administration to address problems that are too often unnoticed. And the Commission is listening to other communities too. Your work is a big part of the reason a hate crimes bill recently passed out of the House Judiciary Committee. And your re-porting is driving the House’s discussion on voting rights. So let me just end by saying thank you. Thank you all for having me today. Thank you Dr. Hayden and the Library of Congress for curating such a powerful exhibit. On be-half of my constituents, and on behalf of ev-eryone else who is telling their story. Thank you. And to the Commission—Thank you for lis-tening. Thank you for shining a light on in-justice and disparity. And thank you for working to ensure that our nation keeps its promise to all of its citizens. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ST. HELENA STAR AND NAPA VALLEY VINTNERS TASTING PANEL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the St. Helena Star and Napa Valley Vintners Tasting Panel upon the occasion of their 10th Anniversary of informing wine lovers with thoughtful information about Napa Valley wines. In 2007, David Stoneberg from the St. Hel-ena Star, Terry Hall from the Napa Valley Vintners and Stefan Blicker from Blicker, Pierce and Wagner Wine created the Tasting Panel. Each month, the 20 to 25 person panel hosts a wine tasting and judging. This commu-nity tradition has helped journalists and the wine community build stronger relationships. In March 2017, the Editor & Publisher, a trade publication for the newspaper industry, recognized the Tasting Panel in their article, ‘‘10 Newspapers that Do It Right.’’ This article praised the Tasting Panel for creating ‘‘a bet-ter way to report on the wines they were rec-ommending to readers.’’ The Tasting Panel has held more than 100 tastings of Napa Valley wines. The articles that journalists write about these tastings help consumers learn about wine and appreciate the hard working winemakers in our commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, the St. Helena Star and Napa Valley Vintners Tasting Panel has been pro-viding quality information to our community about Napa Valley wines for the past 10 years. I am proud to have such a great tradi-tion to showcase the best wine in the world. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and missed a vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 636. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND MILI-TARY SERVICE OF BROUGHTON HAND 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of World War II veteran Broughton ‘‘Brodie’’ Hand who passed away on October 27, 2017 at 97 years of age. Brodie was born in 1920 to Baptist minister, Rev. and Mrs. L. J. Hand. Brodie, the middle son out of 5 boys and 1 girl, came to Ana-huac, TX in 1924. He attended Anahuac High School where he was voted Best All Around his senior year in 1939. After graduation, Brodie enrolled in Marshall College which is now East Texas Baptist University. When World War II began, Brodie felt the call to serve his country and left college to enlist in the United States Army on October 15, 1942. He volunteered for the paratroopers and went to jump training at Ft. Blanding, FL. After jump school he was assigned to the 508th Regi-ment of the 82nd Airborne Division with C Company. He was shipped to Belfast, Ireland for more training and then to Nottingham, Eng-land where they were stationed at the foot of Nottingham Castle. Since the company was short on demolition sergeants, Brodie was trained for the job before he was shipped to France. On the night of June 5, 1944, Broughton Hand prepared to go to war. The mission given to the 82nd Airborne when they landed in France was to seal off 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.021 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1586 November 16, 2017 
the bridges on the Douve and Merderet Riv-ers. Problems started early when the planes ran into a fog bank that nearly made them run into each other. After veering from their planned flight pattern to avoid collision, the 82nd Airborne had to jump in an area far from the one they had prepared for. Brodie jumped from about 600 feet up and as soon as his chute opened he was landing in the tops of the trees. He managed to cut his chute loose and met up with other men in his company headed northeast. They came across Douve River where they attempted to blow the bridge, but could not due to increased German activity in the area. Brodie and his men were able to take three German’s as prisoners, which would prove to save their lives. On June 9th, Brodie and his squad went back to blow the bridge, but instead ran into a German tank on the way. After running out of ammunition, Brodie’s Lieutenant got one of their German prisoners to call out ‘‘we surrender’’ in Ger-man. Brodie spent the next 11 months as a Prisoner of War. He worked, as a POW, cleaning up bombed cities and working in coal mines. He was finally able to send a pre-typed postcard to his parents informing them that he was a POW over 70 days after his capture. On April 22, 1945, Brodie was at a hospital in Nuremberg, Germany recovering from a leg injury when General Patton’s troops swept through the area returning him to American hands. Broughton returned to Anahuac, after the end of the war, and married Lillian, his wife of 66 years. Together they had three chil-dren, Phoebe, Myra and Lynn. Throughout his life, he worked as a salesman for different companies. Brodie upheld his civic duty proud-ly and stayed active in his community and church until his death last month. He was past Commander of the Texas Golden Triangle Chapter of EX-POWs, past Commander of the Disabled American Veterans, a member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, a member of the order of the Purple Heart, and past Com-mander of the Freeman Spath Post 104 of the American Legion with continuous membership of over 70 years. He served on the Governor’s Prisoner of War Advisory Committee, and was the Chambers County Veterans Service Offi-cer for 13 years. Broughton Hand lived a full honorable life devoted to his family, country and God. It is a privilege to have been able to represent such a person in my District. I want to extend my thanks to him and his family for their selfless service and will keep them in my prayers. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 91ST BIRTHDAY OF JULIUS GRADY COX 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 91st birthday of Julius Grady Cox. Grady was born to Annie and George Cox on December 3rd in Ayden, North Carolina. One of five children, Grady graduated high school at the age of 16 and joined the U.S. Navy as a medical corpsman in WWII. He was selected for Naval ROTC at Alabama Poly-technic Institute (API), now Auburn University, where he met his late wife Jean Ransom. Grady earned degrees from API in Chemical Engineering and Mathematics and his doc-torate in Industrial Engineering at Purdue Uni-versity. Grady served at Auburn University as full professor, Dean of the College of Engi-neering and Executive Vice President. Grady was also involved in the community and was a member of the Rotary Club, Civitan Club and Kiwanis Club. He is a member of Auburn United Methodist Church. On December 3rd, he will celebrate his 91st birthday as well as enjoy ‘‘Grady Cox Day’’ in the City of Auburn, Alabama. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Grady a very happy 91st birthday. f 
HONORING WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP DAY 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in honor of Women’s Entrepreneurship Day which is celebrated around the world each year on November 19th. In honor of this day, I am introducing a resolution to recognize November 19, 2017 as ‘‘A Day in Honor of Women Entrepreneurs’’. Women are majority owners of 9.9 million American businesses which generate $1.4 tril-lion in annual sales and employ more than 8.4 million workers. Ninety-nine percent of women-owned businesses are small busi-nesses, and 47 percent of all American minor-ity-owned businesses are also women-owned. I applaud these women entrepreneurs and their economically-vital businesses. Today, I also applaud Wendy Diamond who has personally spearheaded the Women’s En-trepreneurship Day movement. Since her cam-paign launched in 2013, her Women’s Entre-preneurship Day organization has funded 500 Syrian refugee girls in Jordan so they could attend high school, launched an initiative in Oman to empower women and girls to vote against arranged marriage, and partnered with a Uruguayan university to offer scholarships to young women. Women’s Entrepreneurship Day is now celebrated in 144 countries and 65 universities and colleges internationally, with numerous global ambassadors. The Women’s Entrepreneurship Day mission is to empower the four billion women worldwide to be cata-lysts of change, and uplift the over 250 million girls living in poverty around the world. Tomorrow, Wendy will be hosting a Wom-en’s Entrepreneurship Day event in New York City at the United Nations in order to em-power, celebrate, and support women and girls globally to alleviate poverty. Joining her for this amazing event will be: Mikaila Ulmer— 12-year-old founder of Me & The Bees Lem-onade and successful Shark Tank contestant on ABC; Jesse Draper—founding partner of Halogen Ventures; Dia Simms—CEO of Combs Enterprises and Board Member of the Harlem Boys and Girls Club; and Baroness Sandip Verma—European Union External Af-fairs Subcommittee Chair and Member of the House of Lords. In addition to bringing these incredible women together, Wendy and her organization will be honoring the following individuals with the following awards: Dottie Herman—Founder, President, and CEO of Douglas Elliman—Business Pioneer Award. Lucy Jarvis—First woman television pro-ducer, Peabody Award winner—Media Pioneer Award. Suzanne Lerner—President and Co-Found-er of Michael Stars, Board Member of Women Thrive Alliance—Fashion Pioneer Award. Sonia Gardner—President, Managing Part-ner, and Co-Founder of Avenue Capital Group and Global Chair of the Board of 100 Women in Finance—Financial Pioneer Award. Bobbi Brown—CEO of Beauty Evolution and former CEO and Chief Creative Officer of Bobbi Brown Cosmetics—Beauty Pioneer Award. Muna Rihana Al-Nasser—Chairwoman of the UN Women for Peace Association—Phi-lanthropy Pioneer Award. Judith Ripka—Luxury jewelry designer and founder of Judith Ripka—Accessories Pioneer Award. Angie Bastian—Founder and Board Member of Angie’s BOOMCHICKAPOP—Culinary Pio-neer Award. Sara Bareilles—Singer, songwriter, six-time Grammy nominee, Broadway musical writer and composer—Music Pioneer Award. Andrea Kerzner—Founder and CEO of Lalela Project. Co-Creator of themoreweshare.com, and Director of the Board of Kerzner International Holdings—Artist Pioneer Award. Mr. Speaker, I urge the entire House to rec-ognize these remarkable role models, and to celebrate Women’s Entrepreneurship Day this year and every year moving forward. 
f 
HONORING EVELYN JAVIER CENTENO, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Evelyn Javier Centeno, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award. This award recog-nizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contribu-tions to California’s 5th Congressional District communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Ms. Centeno exemplifies these attributes and is very deserving of this award and recognition. Ms. Centeno was born in Manila, Republic of the Philippines and immigrated to the United States in 1971. Prior to leaving Manila, she earned a degree in Chemistry from the University of Santo Tomas. She earned three more degrees after moving to California. She received her bachelor’s and master’s degrees in business administration from Golden Gate University, and she earned her Master of Science degree in Education from Chapman University. Ms. Centeno is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Inspire Learning In-stitute, a nonprofit organization for educational empowerment. Prior to founding Inspire Learning Institute, Ms. Centeno worked in the fields of engineer-ing and education. Through her leadership, In-spire Learning Institute established a free 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.025 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1587 November 16, 2017 
science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) summer camp and after school STEM enrichment programs. Since March 2013, they have served 2,000 students in Contra Costa County and disbursed $10,000 in scholarship funds. In addition to her work with Inspire Learning Institute, Ms. Centeno is an active member of her community in Martinez, California. She is a member of the East Bay Leadership Coun-cil, founder and past president of the Filipino American Democratic Club, former president of the Martinez Citizens Oversight Committee and a former member of the Contra Costa Mental Health Commission. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Ms. Evelyn Javier Centeno for her achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and prop-er that we honor her here today with the American Dream Award. 
f 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF AN ACHIEVABLE DREAM 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor An Achievable Dream, which will be commemorating its 25th anniversary this weekend. An Achievable Dream was founded by the late Walter Segaloff, a local community leader, businessman, and humanitarian. His ambitious public-private educational partnership in New-port News, Virginia started small but has grown exponentially in the last 25 years. When An Achievable Dream first opened its doors in 1992, it was a small summer and after-school tennis and tutoring program for 95 fourth graders. A year later, the program more than doubled the number of students it served to 200 rising fourth and fifth graders. In 1994, An Achievable Dream expanded even further by becoming a full-time, extended day school for 400 children in grades three through five, and in 1994 they started serving grades six through eight at Dunbar Erwin Middle School. Five years later, in 2000, An Achievable Dream Academy was founded as a year- round, full time elementary school and by 2007 they opened a separate, full-time middle and high school. Since those early years, An Achievable Dream has grown beyond Newport News and now has partnerships with Virginia Beach City Public Schools and Heinrico Coun-ty Public Schools. The motto of An Achievable Dream is ‘‘Teaching Kids Winning Ways.’’ The Achiev-able Dream program is structured to give young people the skills needed to succeed in life. Those skills are taught at An Achievable Dream on the tennis court, in the classroom, on field trips, and in sharing experiences with successful and caring adults in the community. One of the things that makes An Achievable Dream so impactful on the lives of the young people it serves is An Achievable Dream’s ability to show the boundless opportunities available if you just make the right choices. The staff, supporters and sponsors at An Achievable Dream have worked over the last 25 years to ensure that their students grad-uate on time and have an opportunity to go to college. An Achievable Dream has not achieved all of this on its own. Walter Segaloff understood that it took every facet of the community—in-cluding school leaders, public officials, law en-forcement, the military, and businesses—to work together toward the common goal of making better the lives and educational out-comes of as many young persons as possible. I would like to thank each of the community organizations and businesses for stepping up and helping make An Achievable Dream the success that it is today. I would also like to thank our military for volunteering regularly with these students for An Achievable Dream’s character development program. And of course, I want to thank Kathy Edwards, Presi-dent and CEO of An Achievable Dream, and all the faculty and staff who have dedicated their careers to these young people. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have been in-volved with An Achievable Dream as a sup-porter since its beginning. As our community gathers to celebrate the 25th Anniversary of the An Achievable Dream at the annual Ten-nis Ball gala this weekend, I look forward to the continued success of An Achievable Dream. I would like to congratulate the staff, supporters and sponsors at An Achievable Dream on a quarter century of success and I look forward to witnessing their many contin-ued successes in the future. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE BUREAU OF RECLAMATION AND BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS WATER PROJECT STREAMLINING ACT OF 2017 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my legislation, the Bureau of Rec-lamation and Bureau of Indian Affairs Water Project Streamlining Act. As my constituents know all too well, communities across the western United States are often faced with the detrimental impacts of droughts and water shortages. In states where the Bureau of Rec-lamation (BOR) and Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) hold jurisdiction for the development of water projects, communities are left waiting due to a lack of a streamlined process. These communities need BOR and BIA to accelerate studies and provide more accountability in the agencies’ processes to study the feasibility of new or expanded surface water storage, water recycling, and rural and Title XVI water projects. This legislation will streamline BOR and BIA’s environmental planning and study process for these water projects and ensure that communities in the West can address the critical need for water supplies that continue to grow with demand. In order to meet existing human and envi-ronmental needs, we must update current water supply infrastructure. This legislation ap-plies the same streamlined water project de-velopment process used by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, which was established under the ‘‘Water Resources Reform Develop-ment Act of 2014,’’ to BOR and BIA’s proc-esses for surface water, storage, infrastruc-ture, and recycling project development. This legislation will improve both water storage and conservation infrastructure, as well as the reli-ability of our vital water supply for commu-nities across the nation. A dependable supply of water is an indispensable resource in the West—from farming and ranching, to recre-ation and municipal uses, to manufacturing and wildfire response needs, this resource truly is vital. Conducted in concert with improv-ing stream flows, protecting headwater areas, rebuilding fish runs, and boosting continued conservation efforts, this streamlining effort will provide great relief for my constituents and constituents across the western United States. In addition, the legislation authorizes several key water development projects across the West, including projects in California, Kansas, Montana, as well as my home state of Wash-ington. One of these is the third phase of a vital effort in my District in Central Wash-ington, the Yakima River Basin Water En-hancement Project. The Yakima River Basin is one of the leading agricultural regions in Washington State and throughout the country. However, the demand for water in the region currently exceeds the resources available, es-pecially during times of drought, which have hit the state especially hard in the past few years. After years of tough negotiations, the Yakima River Basin Plan is a model of col-laboration that offers a solution to give water users more certainty, while also recognizing the concerns of conservationists and the var-ious stakeholders in the Yakima Basin. The authorization of this project is vital for my Dis-trict, just as water projects are in states across the West. This legislation will allow the next major step to addressing our water crisis to become a reality. This commonsense bill reforms the current cumbersome and lengthy process so that there is a mechanism to build new water and infrastructure projects in Central Washington and across the west. I welcome all members to join me in supporting this legislation, and I urge its swift passage through the U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate. 
f 
COMMEMORATING CHIP HALBACH’S RETIREMENT 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Chip Halbach’s retirement in September of 2017 after 30 years of service with the Minnesota Housing Partnership. Chip has long been an advocate for afford-able housing for Minnesota residents. In 1987, Chip founded Minneapolis Housing Partner-ship (MHP). MHP convenes, guides, and sup-ports a diversity of partners working to im-prove conditions of home and community. Ini-tially, MHP’s focus was informing housing groups and partners on pending legislation. MHP evolved to become a major provider of technical assistance and financial support to increase the capacity of organizations building and developing affordable housing. MHP has served as an intermediary for the Minnesota Department of Human Services, the U.S. De-partment of Housing and Urban Development, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Seeing the need to bring together the af-fordable housing community, Chip Halbach 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.028 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1588 November 16, 2017 
started the Homes for All Coalition. The Homes for All Coalition is a statewide coalition that works to provide safe, stable, and afford-able housing for people across all income lev-els. From working to increase rental subsidies, to improving infrastructure at manufactured housing parks, and resources for first time homebuyers, Homes for All is tackling the di-verse range of housing issues facing Minneso-tans. Chip is widely known for his encyclopedic knowledge of federal and state housing pro-grams, sophisticated housing finance tools and their history. Policymakers and elected of-ficials have often drawn on Chip’s wealth of knowledge and expertise in the affordable housing field. Many have cheekily quipped, ‘‘before ‘Google’ there was Chip Halbach.’’ Chip Halbach’s leadership has helped shape legislation, provided education, and se-cured money to create safe, decent, affordable places for families and individuals to live. His steady leadership leaves the Minnesota Hous-ing Partnership poised to move forward in tackling our affordable housing crisis. I want to thank Mr. Halbach for all his years of service. His presence will be missed, but his contribu-tions will not be forgotten. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MRS. LAURA DIXIE 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Mrs. Laura Dixie, one of Tallahassee, Florida’s foot soldiers in the Civil Rights movement, who passed away on Saturday, November 11, 2017 at the age of 92. Laura Dixie was a civil rights trailblazer, and played a crucial role in the Reverend C. K. Steele’s quest to desegregate Tallahas-see’s public transportation system in 1956. She also worked with Reverend Steel and oth-ers in the original 1962 lawsuit calling for the desegregation ofLeon County Schools. Laura saw early in life that obtaining civil rights was going to be challenging. One of her favorite stories was about going downtown one day with her parents and seeing water fountains marked for ‘‘Whites only, and Col-ored only.’’ Life took Laura from sampling water on a dare, from a segregated Whites only fountain inside the Leon County Courthouse, ‘‘to see if it was sweeter;’’ to playing a pivotal role in the Tallahassee Bus Boycott. She traveled during troubled times to Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia to participate in Voter Registration drives; to seeing a black man elected Presi-dent of the United States. It was one of her proudest moments to see President Obama in the White House. In the early 1950’s, Laura joined her hus-band Samuel L. Dixie at Bethel Missionary Baptist Church, where together they worked closely with the church and in the community to promote Civil Rights. Her involvement in Tallahassee’s Civil Rights movement went along with her active membership in the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, the Inter-Civic Council in Tallahassee and the NAACP, of which she was a life member. At the time of her death, Laura lived in the house that she and her husband owned since the mid50s on Tanner Drive in Jake Gaither Park. They often found room in their house to help Florida A&M University students in need of a place to live when their funds were de-pleted. Mr. Speaker, Laura Dixie was simply a trail-blazer and an icon, who fearlessly battled the horrors of being a black woman in the south during desegregation. Laura Dixie’s spirit and attitude will be truly missed. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE RUSSELL 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, in connection with official business, I was unable to attend votes on November 15, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 635; and YEA on Roll Call No. 636. 
f 
100TH BIRTHDAY OF CARL BURGER 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the l00th birthday of Carl Burger of Williamsburg, Ohio. In 1917, the first World War still burned in Europe. But in small town America, William and Emily Burger were welcoming Carl Burger to the world, and to Ohio. With the exception of several exceptional years in service to his country, Carl has lived in Williamsburg, Ohio for his entire life. On the occasion of Carl’s birthday, I’d like to tell you a bit about where one hundred years of a remarkable life has taken him. In Williamsburg, Carl was many things. A formidable basketball player, a talented drum-mer, an employee in the family meat market. He left Williamsburg for the first time when he volunteered for the army in 1941, before the United States entered the Second World War. He was months away from completing his service, and returning to Ohio, when Pearl Harbor was bombed. Carl knew in that mo-ment that he’d be in the war for its duration. I cannot speak directly for Carl’s wartime experience. But his story is one of humanity, humility, and humor. He served as 3rd Infantry medic in North Africa, and throughout the Italian campaign. While serving on the front lines, he had more than a few close calls with torpedoes, artillery, and enemy patrols. Carl is keenly aware of a sense of luck, or a touch of providence, that guided him through these in-cidents largely unharmed. While Carl surely saw enough of the war to last him a lifetime, he also witnessed great bravery, and he rose to great bravery in re-turn. He was awarded the Bronze Star for di-recting the evacuation of 58 wounded GI’s from the front lines of Italy. His experiences taught him that courage can be found in funny places—a shared bottle of contraband whis-key, or an unexpected foxhole visit from a general. Ultimately, like every veteran, Carl’s service is only a part of his story. He was still a young man when he returned to Williamsburg. He re-turned to his father’s meat market, and the town band. He married and had children. He has a long history of participation in fraternal organizations like the Masons, and youth serv-ice organizations like the International Order of Rainbows for Girls. His talent as a grill-master is legendary, as is his generosity and spirit. Mr. Speaker, Carl Burger is a good man, and he’s lived one hundred years worth cele-brating. I hope you’ll all join me in wishing him the happiest of birthdays. f 
HONORING MR. ELIOT SEIDE 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Eliot Seide, for his thirty-eight years of public service to the citizens of the Fifth Congressional District, to the 43,000 members of American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) Council 5, and to the great state of Minnesota. Mr. Seide was the first in his family to attend college, graduating Phi Beta Kappa from New York University. In graduate school, Mr. Seide realized that he was tired of talking about making a difference and decided it was time to take action. Mr. Seide’s father Julius, was a leader of the Printers Union in New York City. Eliot fol-lowed in his father’s footsteps when he went to work for AFSCME and its President, Jerry Wurf, in 1979. Mr. Seide came to Minnesota in 1980. He was central to helping state em-ployees in AFSCME Council 6 wage a suc-cessful strike in 1981. He worked to strength-en AFSCME in local government in the Twin Cities metropolitan area by helping form AFSCME Council 14 in 1982. Over the next 12 years, Mr. Seide was instrumental in build-ing power for working people in Minnesota and improving the quality of public services in Minnesota through a strong and progressive labor movement. In his thirty-eight year career with AFSCME, Mr. Seide has fought hard for a better Min-nesota for everyone. He worked his way up in the union, serving in many capacities as field representative, legislative director, inter-national area director, and as Executive Direc-tor of both AFSCME Council 14 and AFSCME Council 5. In 2004, Mr. Seide became the executive di-rector of AFSCME Council 5, one of the larg-est unions in the state of Minnesota. In 2006, Mr. Seide was also elected AFSCME Inter-national vice president. Governor Mark Dayton has shared these words about Mr. Seide: ‘‘He’s a tireless advocate for his members, and he has that New York edge to his style but believes fiercely in doing what’s right for his members.’’ The state of Minnesota will long remember the work of Mr. Eliot Seide as a leader of not only Council 5, but for all Minnesotans around issues of fair taxes, decent wages, responsible investments in transportation, clean water, a strong education system, and healthy families. He believes deeply that we all do better when we all do better. I thank Mr. Seide for his many years of service to Minnesotans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.031 E16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1589 November 16, 2017 
IN HONOR OF LTC MICHAEL MANNING 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Lieutenant Colonel Michael Manning of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation. Colonel Manning will soon transition from his current assignment as the Rhode Island Army National Guard Liaison to serve as the Bat-talion Commander of the Guard’s Recruiting and Retention Battalion. Colonel Manning began his military career as Distinguished Military Graduate of Provi-dence College’s ROTC Class of 1997. He then deployed to the Republic of Germany with the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Division. He subsequently deployed to Kosovo in support of Operation Joint Guardian II as a Brigade Reconnaissance Troop Leader for Task Force Falcon. In 2002, after joining the Rhode Island Army National Guard, he was appointed Commander of the 173rd Infantry Detachment Long Range Surveillance, which was mobilized in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom III in 2004. He again deployed, this time with Special Operations Detachment Global, in support of Operation Enduring Free-dom Caribbean and Central America in 2008, where he served as the Deputy Chief for the Regional Engagement Branch. He then graduated with distinction from the College of Naval Command and Staff at the U.S. Naval War College with a Master of Arts in National Security and Strategic Studies be-fore once again deploying with Special Oper-ations Detachment Global, serving with the Senior Special Operations to the Afghan Min-istry of Defense. Having served as an Assist-ant Professor of Military Science at Provi-dence College and as a State Partnership Program Coordinator, he continues to impart his wisdom to those around him as the current Secretary of the General Staff. As the primary liaison between the Rhode Island Congressional delegation and the Rhode Island Army National Guard, Colonel Manning has provided me and my staff with the ability to better comprehend and appre-ciate the National Guard and its unique mis-sion set both at home in the Ocean State and in Washington, D.C., his first-hand knowledge of the military, its culture, and its traditions has been of tremendous benefit. Throughout my time working with Colonel Manning, I found him to be a thoughtful, intel-ligent, and dedicated Soldier in the best tradi-tions of those called to serve from the great state of Rhode Island, and his future is ex-tremely bright. Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to work with Colonel Manning during his time as a Na-tional Guard Liaison in Rhode Island. On be-half of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to rec-ognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Lieutenant Colonel Michael Manning, his wife, Meg, and their children, Michael, Jack, and Shannon. I wish them the very best as they continue their journey in the United States Army National Guard and thank them for dedi-cating their lives to the service of our Nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on November 6, 2017, I missed Roll Call vote No. 607 and No. 608 on the floor of the House of Representatives. Had I been present, I would have voted yea and yea. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FRANK ADELMANN 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. Frank Adelmann. I join his family and friends to celebrate his life and honor his legacy. Frank was born as the second of four chil-dren on March 16th, 1958, in Minneapolis, Minnesota. When he was three years old, his family moved to the suburb of St. Anthony where he would spend the rest of his life. He had a deep interest in his family history, and he often contacted his older relatives for infor-mation and reached out to his extended fam-ily. He was named after his grandfather, and he shared a birthday with his grandmother, Anna. Frank excelled academically, and he at-tended college at both Hamline University and the University of Minnesota. He used his ac-counting skills in several purchasing and retail positions throughout his life. When he wasn’t working, Frank dedicated his time to an eclec-tic set of interests and hobbies. He was a gift-ed pianist; he was well-read, often immersing himself in the Scripture; he had a playful sense of humor; and he taught himself Arabic. Those who knew Frank consistently point to his uncanny ability to befriend the unusual, the lonely, and the hurting. Though he lived a pri-vate life, he held many close friendships, and he was respected and liked in his community. He was also involved in his community; Frank attended many local caucuses and reached out to elected officials. Without a doubt, his care and consideration for people led to his understanding of the importance of civic en-gagement. Frank Adelmann led an outstanding life, highlighted by his love of his family and his care for his community. To honor the legacy of Frank’s life, I introduced the Frank Adelmann Manufactured Housing Community Sustain-ability Act. This legislation would offer a tax in-centive to manufactured home park owners who sell the property to their residents, offer-ing residents the long term stability they de-serve to build long lasting community. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2017 NATIONAL SINGING CONVENTION 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 16, 2017 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, this weekend the State of Alabama will host the 2017 Na-tional Singing Convention in my home county of Winston County. This event will take place in Houston, Alabama on November 16–17 at Houston Baptist Church. The convention this year will be under the leadership of the 2017 president, Mr. Dylan Feezell. Southern Gospel Music is often referred to as America’s music. Gospel music gave rise to bluegrass and country music. The impor-tance of gospel music is honored each year with the National Gospel Singing Convention. The National Gospel Singing Convention first began in 1936. In the eight decades since its inception, the National Singing Convention have played a major role in the development of gospel music in America and around the world. The first convention was also held in Alabama, in the city of Birmingham. I am proud to have this convention in the district I represent, the Fourth District of Ala-bama. This annual convention is not only an opportunity to fellowship and to promote gos-pel music, its main purpose is to exalt and spread the gospel of Jesus Christ. I use this occasion to emphasize the fact that Southern Gospel Music has made a tre-mendous positive impact on America and our nation’s music. It continues to thrive and it make an impact on our communities, our cul-ture and our faith. Furthermore, I want to congratulate Mr. Dylan Feezell and the officers for their leader-ship of this year’s convention in Houston, Ala-bama and wish them the best on a successful weekend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.036 E16NOPT1
D1230 Thursday, November 16, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810, National Defense Authorization Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7269–S7312 Measures Introduced: Twenty-five bills and nine resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2136–2160, S. Res. 335–342, and S. Con. Res. 30. 
                                                                                    Pages S7296–97 
Measures Reported: S. 1591, to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2099, to provide for the management by the Secretary of Agriculture of certain Federal land. 
                                                                                            Page S7296 
Measures Passed: Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Senate passed H.R. 4374, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war.
                                                                                   Page S7270 
Reaffirming the commitment of the U.S. to Cambodia: Senate agreed to S. Res. 279, reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promote de-mocracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cam-bodia, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S7308–10 
McConnell (for McCain) Amendment No. 1586, to acknowledge the contributions of nongovern-mental organizations in Cambodia.
          Pages S7308–10 
Drive Safer Sunday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 337, designating November 26, 2017, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’.
                                                             Page S7310 
Commending and congratulating the Houston Astros: Senate agreed to S. Res. 338, commending and congratulating the Houston Astros on winning the 2017 Major League Baseball World Series.                                                                                             Page S7310 
National Runaway Prevention Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 339, designating November 2017 as ‘‘National Runaway Prevention Month’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7310 
3d Infantry Division 100th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 340, commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 3d Infantry Division.
        Page S7310 
Conference Reports: National Defense Authorization Act: Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year.
       Pages S7276–78 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, November 17, 2017 at 11 a.m.; Tuesday, November 21, 2017 at 11 a.m.; Fri-day, November 24, 2017 at 11 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, November 24, 2017, it next convene at 4 p.m., on Monday, November 27, 2017.
                                                                       Page S7310 
Friedrich Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. 
                                                                                            Page S7275 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO7.REC D16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1231 November 16, 2017 
By 93 yeas to 4 nays (Vote No. 279), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7276 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that all post-cloture time on the nomination be yielded back; and that Senate vote on confirma-tion of the nomination at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, November 27, 2017.
                                               Page S7278 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, November 27, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, with the time until 5:30 p.m., equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees; and that notwithstanding the pro-visions of Rule XXII, the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Gregory G. Katsas, of Vir-ginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit, ripen following disposi-tion of the nomination of Dabney Langhorne Friedrich.
                                                                        Page S7310 
Katsas Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit.
                      Page S7278 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia.
                                      Pages S7278–79 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S7278 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7278 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 54 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 277), Jo-seph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years.
              Pages S7270–75 
By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. EX. 280), Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina.
                                                           Page S7278 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 96 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 278), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S7275–76 
Brenda Burman, of Arizona, to be Commissioner of Reclamation. Joseph Kernan, of Florida, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. Guy B. Roberts, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. Robert Behler, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, Department of De-fense. Thomas B. Modly, of Maryland, to be Under Sec-retary of the Navy. James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2020. Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 29, 2022. James F. Geurts, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy. Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Lesotho. Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy. Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Pro-tocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service. Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2019. Shon J. Manasco, of Texas, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Air Force. Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Namibia. Routine lists in the Foreign Service.                                                                                     Pages S7311–12 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Melissa F. Burnison, of Kentucky, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergov-ernmental Affairs). John G. Vonglis, of New York, to be Chief Finan-cial Officer, Department of Energy. Linda Capuano, of Texas, to be Administrator of the Energy Information Administration. Johnny Collett, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Serv-ices, Department of Education. Michael K. Atkinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Coast Guard.
                                                                             Page S7310 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7295 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7295 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7295–96 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO7.REC D16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1232 November 16, 2017 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7296 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7297–98 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7298 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7293–95 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S7308 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7308 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7308 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—280)
                                   Pages S7275, S7276, S7278 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:45 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Friday, November 17, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7310.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Glen R. Smith, of Iowa, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Anthony Kurta, of Montana, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, both of the Department of Defense, and Gregory E. Maggs, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Secretary for Policy, and Randall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary, both of the Department of Defense, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. COAST GUARD READINESS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine Coast Guard readiness, focusing on how far we can stretch our Nation’s only multi-mission, military force, after receiving testimony from Admiral Paul F. Zukunft, Commandant, Coast Guard, Department of Home-land Security; Lee W. Smithson, Mississippi Emer-gency Management Agency Director, Pearl; Etta Kuzakin, Agdaagux Tribe of King Cove, King Cove, Alaska; and Guy A. Meadows, Michigan Techno-logical University Great Lakes Research Center, Houghton. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee continued consider-ation of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2070, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering charac-teristics of some children with autism, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Scott W. Brady, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsyl-vania, and Andrew E. Lelling, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts for the term of four years, both of the Department of Jus-tice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO7.REC D16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1233 November 16, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 36 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4416–4451; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 121; and H. Res. 625 were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H9424 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9426–27 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2907, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop and publish an all-of-the-above quadrennial Federal on-shore energy production strategy to meet domestic energy needs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–413); H.R. 2706, to provide requirements for the appro-priate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a spe-cific customer account, to provide for additional re-quirements related to subpoenas issued under the Fi-nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforce-ment Act of 1989, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–414); and H.R. 4182, to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to posi-tions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–415).
                                                              Pages H9423–24 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Rob Hughes, Broadway Pres-byterian Church, Sedalia, Missouri.
                  Page H9379 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:10 a.m. and re-convened at 12:30 p.m.
                                         Page H9405 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: The House passed H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 205 nays, Roll No. 637. Consideration began yesterday, November 15th.
                                                 Pages H9405–14 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018.’’.
                                                                  Page H9414 
H. Res. 619, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1) was agreed to yesterday, Novem-ber 15th. Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Wednesday, Novem-ber 15th. Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’: H.R. 3109, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’.                                                                                             Page H9414 
United States Capitol Preservation Commis-sion—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Capitol Preservation Commission: Representative Comstock. 
                                                                                            Page H9414 
Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission— Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the Honorable Eleanor Holmes Norton of Washington, District of Columbia to the Frederick Douglass Bi-centennial Commission. And from private life: Mr. Kenneth B. Morris, Jr. of Orange, California. 
                                                                                            Page H9414 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, November 17th.
          Page H9414 
Senate Referral: S. 807 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H9405 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H9405. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H9413–14. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 3:14 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE RACE TO 5G AND ITS POTENTIAL TO REVOLUTIONIZE AMERICAN COMPETITIVENESS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Race to 5G and Its Potential to Revolu-tionize American Competitiveness’’. Testimony was heard from Shireen Santosham, Chief Innovation Of-ficer, City of San Jose, California; and public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO7.REC D16NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1234 November 16, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Friday, November 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, November 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E1589 Babin, Brian, Tex., E1585 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1581 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1581 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1589 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1582 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E1579 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1580 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1583 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1582 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1583 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1587, E1588, E1589 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E1580 Graves, Tom, Ga., E1579 Himes, James A., Conn., E1580 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1585 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1585 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1581, E1584 Langevin, James R., R.I., E1589 Lawson, Al, Jr., Fla., E1588 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1584 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1586 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1587 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1582 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1583, E1586 Russell, Steve, Okla., E1588 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1587 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1584 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1584 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1580, E1580, E1584, E1585, E1586 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1579, E1581 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1581 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1588 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Nov 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16NO7.REC D16NOPT1