Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3235 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2017 No. 95 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JUNE5, 2017 
The Senate met at 3:01 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
ODD Y
OUNG , a Senator from the State of In-diana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Mighty God, the source of all life and the light of all seeing, lift our thoughts from the smallness of our labors to the greatness of Your majesty. We pray for the victims of the ter-rorism in the United Kingdom. Teach our lawmakers to love in the presence of hate, to forgive in the pres-ence of injustice, and to illuminate in the presence of darkness. Make them light bearers in the midst of darkness as they strive to live lives that reflect Your glory. Lord, may the promise of Your love be experienced in all their relationships. Be for us all a helper and a shelter in the time of storm. And Lord, we thank You for the life and legacy of Jim Bunning. We pray in Your righteous Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 5, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
ODD YOUNG , a Sen- ator from the State of Indiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. YOUNG thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE REUNIFICA-TION OF JERUSALEM The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to the consider-ation of S. Res. 176, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 176) commemorating the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally di-vided in the usual form. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
LONDON TERROR ATTACK  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, let me first express the profound sadness that we all felt this past week about the ter-rorist attacks in London. My heart is with the people of that great city and with the victims of this string of at-tacks and their families. They are all in our prayers. The morning after the attack, I was walking down the street in New York, and I saw a husband and wife—they looked like out-of-towners—with three beautiful little girls, and the girls were skipping along happily. When they are with their parents when they are little, they get so happy. I thought: God, what if a bomb blew up and killed them. It just got to me. So we really feel for these people who were just taken from us much too soon by vicious, almost inexplicable vicious-ness. In this moment of trial for one of our fiercest friends and allies, the United States also stands shoulder to shoulder with the citizens of the UK in our joint fight against terrorists and those who support them. We wish a swift recovery to the in-jured and comfort to the victims and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.000 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3236 June 5, 2017 
their families. We certainly hope the perpetrators are swiftly brought to jus-tice. 
INFRASTRUCTURE  
Mr. President, on infrastructure—an-other matter—we know President Trump will spend this week unveiling his infrastructure proposal in several phases. We will have to wait and see what the full details of the plan are be-fore we judge it, but we Democrats wel-come a discussion on infrastructure. We believe the Federal Government ought to invest more, not less, in re-building our roads, bridges and high-ways, our schools, electric grids, and our water and sewer systems. We should be investing in expanding broadband, which is so vital for our rural areas and a number of urban areas that are still underserved. So we have several concerns about the President’s upcoming proposal, considering the President actually cut infrastructure investment significantly in his budget proposal to Congress. How can you be for infrastructure and then cut all of these proposals in your budget? That is what he did. Now, unfortunately based on recent reports, the entire focus of the Presi-dent’s infrastructure proposal this week is on privatization, which sounds like a nice word. But when you scratch beneath the surface, it means much less construction and far fewer jobs, particularly in our rural areas. It also means Trump tolls from one end of America to the other. If President Trump wants the private sector to finance the construction of infrastructure, it is going to demand a price. That is how the private sector works. The financiers will look to turn a profit. Let’s remember that there is no such thing as a free lunch. If the fin-anciers put in money, they are going to want to take it back. How are they going to turn a profit on infrastructure? Tolls, tolls, and more tolls—tolls paid by American workers, salesmen, truckdrivers, vaca-tioners, and commuters; tolls paid by working families, middle-class fami-lies, and consumers of all stripes. A private-sector-driven infrastructure plan means tolls, tolls, tolls paid by av-erage working Americans. It also means that infrastructure that can’t be built with tolls—like re-pairing our crumbling schools, for in-stance—will get left behind. Moreover, a scheme that relies on private invest-ment will leave rural areas of America behind. My friend the Republican Sen-ator from Wyoming, a member of the Republican leadership, Mr. B
ARRASSO , who understands the needs of his very rural State said: ‘‘Funding solutions that involve public-private partner-ships do not work for rural areas.’’ That is not C
HUCK SCHUMER speaking, although New York has the third larg-est rural population in America. That is Senator B
ARRASSO speaking. Let me repeat what he said: ‘‘Fund-ing solutions that involve public-pri-vate partnerships do not work for rural areas.’’ That is the Republican Senator from Wyoming, saying an infrastructure proposal that involves privatization ig-nores a huge portion of the United States—rural areas—where infrastruc-ture investment is greatly needed. When a Republican Senator says that, we all ought to pay attention at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue. Privatization also ignores the ongo-ing maintenance needs of many of our Nation’s more populated areas. Sure, maybe if the toll is high enough, a pri-vate company could build a shiny new bridge, but they won’t do anything to fix the crumbling railroad switches, potholes, and water main breaks that are plaguing so many of our cities, par-ticularly in the older areas—the North-east, the Midwest. One aspect the President highlighted today is privatizing our air traffic con-trol systems. This would put the same airline companies that have added bag-gage fees and change fees and shrunk leg room in charge of the air traffic control system. Worse still, it would let the airlines charge consumers even more than they charge now. If air traffic control is privatized, where are the protections for con-sumers? What will prevent costs of fly-ing from going way up? Under a private system, what stops airlines from rais-ing fees and taxes on consumers? So privatization, whether it is for the construction of roads and bridges or in aviation, often leaves the average American with the short end of the stick and gives big corporations way too much power. So, again, we will wait and see what the President proposes. We want to dis-cuss infrastructure. We want to work with him on infrastructure. But if it is all or mostly privatization with mini-mal public investment, it will not be an effective way to rebuild our Na-tion’s infrastructure. It will cost mid-dle-class families more, and it will not create the kind of jobs our economy needs. Let’s not forget that the President proposed a trillion-dollar infrastruc-ture bill in the campaign. We Demo-crats were encouraged to hear this. It is one of the first things I talked with President-Elect Trump about on the phone, but so far we have been dis-appointed. Senate Democrats put forward a real, trillion-dollar infrastructure plan that would create millions of jobs and actu-ally fix our crumbling roads and bridges while investing in every corner of America. We stand ready and willing to work with the President on a real plan that actually achieves what he promised on the campaign trail. But, unfortunately, if this week, on infra-structure, is all about privatization, it is going to be another broken promise that President Trump made to the working people of America. 
JAMES COMEY TESTIMONY  
Mr. President, later this week, former FBI Director James Comey will be testifying before the Senate Intel-ligence Committee. I am glad he is doing so in the open and on the record. I hope he is as forthcoming as possible. Transparency and openness is abso-lutely vital if we are to get to the bot-tom of the events of the past few months. Knowing James Comey a little bit, transparency and openness have al-ways been his way. I would expect that Mr. Comey’s ap-pearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee will not be his last appear-ance before Congress. I know the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee has made a similar request of Mr. Comey. I support their request, and I hope he will go be-fore them as well. PARIS AGREEMENT  
Finally, Mr. President, a few words about the Paris climate accord. I was deeply disappointed by President Trump’s decision last week to start the process for withdrawing the United States from the Paris Agreement, an agreement signed by every sovereign nation, except Syria and Nicaragua— Nicaragua, by the way, because they thought the agreement didn’t go far enough. The decision will ultimately be viewed—the decision by Trump to pull out of the Paris climate accord—as one of the worst decisions of the 21st cen-tury because of the huge damage it will do to our economy, our environment, and our geopolitical standing. Pulling out of the Paris Agreement doesn’t put America first. It puts America alone and last. It puts Amer-ica last in recognizing science, in being a world leader in protecting our own communities and working in concert with the family of nations in safe-guarding the planet we all inhabit for future generations. Climate change is an issue where time unfortunately is not on our side. Every year that we don’t work toward lowering our carbon emission stand-ards is another year of irrevocable damage to the environment. Future generations will look back on this deci-sion as a failure of historic propor-tions. President Trump’s decision to with-draw is also a sucker punch to Amer-ican workers, who should be building the next generation of wind turbines and solar panels. Now other countries, including China, our economic rival, will seize the mantel of innovation and clean energy away from America. Listen to this. This astounded me. Just last month, Ernest & Young pub-lished the latest edition of a report ranking nations by how attractive they are for renewable energy investment. For the first time, China and India both outrank the United States. So on one of the newer technologies that will ultimately be cheaper than the exist-ing technologies, we are already falling behind and will fall further behind. Imagine that China and India are now ranked by Ernst & Young as being bet-ter places for renewable energy invest-ment. That is not going to help Amer-ican jobs next year and certainly over the next decade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.002 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3237 June 5, 2017 
It is a devastating loss to our econ-omy, and the workers who would have benefited greatly from America’s lead-ing the way forward in a new industry will lose out. Moreover, if the United States doesn’t have a seat at the table with the nations in the Paris Agreement, other nations could agree on policies that hurt American businesses and American workers, even more than this self-inflicted wound by President Trump. Now, I am glad that States like my State of New York and cities and busi-nesses across the country are already stepping up, reaffirming their commit-ment to the goals set in Paris and pledging to continue to make progress in the fight against climate change. Our economy and our communities will be better for it. I seriously hope that the President reconsiders his decision for the sake of our planet, for the future of the Amer-ican economy, and for the future of American jobs, which thrive on the kind of innovation President Trump has just turned his back on. Thank you, and I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
LONDON TERROR ATTACK  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, over the weekend, our friends and al-lies suffered yet another tragic loss as terrorists struck in London, claiming several innocent lives and injuring doz-ens more. Our steadfast allies, the Brit-ish, have confronted terrorism for dec-ades, and our friends have endured so much these past several months at the hands of terrorists. Our hearts go out to them. The Senate holds the victims of the attack and their families in our thoughts, and we once again express our gratitude to all of the first re-sponders, medical professionals, and citizens who bravely stepped in to help. Our fight against terrorism will go on, and together we will target ter-rorist networks and propagandists. We will continue to stand by the British people, especially in this time of great difficulty. Mr. President, this week marks the 50th anniversary of the beginning of the Six-Day War. Confronted by the massing Arab armies and the closing of the Tiran Straits, Israel responded, and in a fight for survival, ultimately pre-vailed. As a result, the city of Jeru-salem was finally reunified after years of division. The reunification of the city allowed for people of all faiths to worship and to access the respective holy sites throughout Jerusalem. In honor of this significant anniver-sary for our close ally, many Senators from both sides of the aisle—including the Democratic leader and myself—are joining together in a resolution to mark the occasion today. While we know Israel continues to face a number of threats, bipartisan adoption of this resolution will serve as yet another indication of the commit-ment of the United States of standing by our friends in Israel. I look forward to supporting it later this afternoon and working to strengthen our rela-tionship with that nation in the years to come. REMEMBERING JIM BUNNING  
Mr. President, on May 26, the Com-monwealth of Kentucky lost a leg-endary figure with the passing of Sen-ator Jim Bunning. For more than two decades, Jim was my colleague here in Congress. Before that, he was a storied Major League Baseball pitcher, earning him a spot in Cooperstown. Today, I re-member Jim Bunning, a Hall of Famer in life. Jim’s career in the majors spanned 17 seasons, where he pitched primarily for the Tigers and the Phillies. In that time, he earned 224 career wins and struck out 2,855 batters. Of his many impressive accomplishments on the di-amond, Jim’s two greatest pitching achievements were his no-hitter in 1958 and the perfect game he threw in 1964, a feat that has only been accomplished 23 times in all of baseball history. In recognition of his career with the Phillies, the team retired Jim’s No. 14 jersey, and his baseball career was fi-nally capped off by his election to the Hall of Fame in 1996 by the Veterans Committee. Anyone would be proud with such a resume, but for Jim it was only the first act. Jim moved back to Fort Thomas in northern Kentucky. Over the next three decades, he served at all levels of government, from the Fort Thomas City Council to the Kentucky State Senate, to both Chambers of the U.S. Congress, including 12 years in the House and 12 in the Senate. Jim dedi-cated his life to serving the people of Kentucky, and Kentuckians are truly grateful for his work. He was a man of principle from start to finish. He stayed true to himself. As Congressional Quarterly once wrote, ‘‘All agree . . . that [Bunning] is unafraid to go his own way.’’ Through-out his career, Jim took many prin-cipled stands, even if it meant standing alone. In his farewell address to the Senate, he said: ‘‘I have been booed by 60,000 fans in Yankee Stadium, stand-ing alone on the mound, so I never cared if I stood alone in Congress, as long as I stood by my beliefs and my values.’’ That summed up Jim Bunning, but in his life, Jim really never did stand alone. Through trials and hardships, he always had his loving wife Mary by his side. Jim would have been the first to tell you that his success in life would not have been possible without Mary. She stood with him through both the glory and the hardships of his baseball career, and was, in Jim’s words, his ‘‘rock,’’ his ‘‘best fan,’’ and his ‘‘best friend.’’ Together, they helped raise the nine children Jim is survived by today. He is also survived by 35 grand-children—one of whom, by the way, once worked in my office—and 21 great- grandchildren. It is clear the two most important things to Jim were always his family and his deeply held Catholic faith. Jim was a man of strong beliefs and good character. Never one to make ex-cuses, he worked hard at whatever he put his mind to; first, in baseball as a legendary pitcher and then as a voice for the people of Kentucky for over 30 years. With an unshakeable commit-ment to his family and the firm prin-ciples guiding him, Jim was truly a ‘‘hall of famer’’ in life. On behalf of the entire Senate fam-ily, I would like to offer heartfelt con-dolences to Mary, their family, friends, and all who knew and loved Senator Jim Bunning. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
REAUTHORIZATION  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want to talk about a subject that is near and dear to the Presiding Officer’s heart, as well as to this Senator, because we both have had the privilege of serving on the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee. Congress finds itself facing a year of deadlines, and the two most talked about are the debt ceiling and contin-ued funding for the government. But if that were not enough, a very important deadline is looming that affects the safety of the traveling public. By the end of September, Congress must reau-thorize the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration or risk the shutdown of the agency’s core safety mission. This Senator has the privilege of being the ranking member of the Sen-ate Commerce Committee, and I have the privilege of working with the chair-man, Senator T
HUNE , on a comprehen-sive and long-term FAA reauthoriza-tion bill. Unfortunately, what pre-vented the long-term bill from passing Congress last year is threatening to do the same again this year. This morning, the White House for-mally announced its intention to pri-vatize the air traffic control function of the FAA, a move the White House claims will be self-sustaining. This so- called plan for ATC privatization in-cludes an entity that would be run in large part by—you guessed it—the major airlines, and that entity would receive, free of charge, government- owned FAA assets, and that entity would collect user fees to finance its operations. Well, this is how many of us inter-pret this proposal: Let’s hand over to the airlines all the people and the equipment essential to the safe oper-ation of our Nation’s air traffic control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.003 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3238 June 5, 2017 
system and trust them—the airlines— to manage our skies and the increasing air traffic. On top of that, here on the other side, they say: Well, let’s finance the airlines’ control of our skies through user fees paid for by the gen-eral aviation community. We know that several airlines in the past year have had to cancel thousands of flights and strand passengers at air-ports for hours because they couldn’t effectively manage their IT systems. How can we trust airlines to govern an entity that manages our skies when they can’t even manage their own basic IT systems? The FAA, our government’s Federal Aviation Administration, safely and ef-fectively manages the largest and most complex airspace in the world. Sup-porters of air traffic control privatiza-tion can cite other countries all they want that have privatized, but none of those privatized systems hold a candle to the complicated and densely popu-lated air traffic system the FAA has accomplished. Rather than helping the FAA con-tinue its progress toward modernizing our air traffic control system through NextGen—that is being implemented as we speak, and in 3 years, the process of handing off most of the air traffic to satellites instead of ground-based radar—that is in just 3 years. On the other hand, the transition to a privatized air traffic control entity is only going to disrupt and delay the FAA’s modernization efforts. One has to ask, if it isn’t broken, what exactly is the administration try-ing to fix? We actually have real issues that need to be addressed in this FAA bill, such as continuing to safely integrate drones into our Nation’s airspace, re-forming the process for aircraft certifi-cation, and, very importantly, helping the FAA hire more air traffic control-lers. We need to work to ensure that consumers, the flying public, have real protections in place that protect them when things go wrong. I wish the ad-ministration would focus on those issues, which received nearly unani-mous support in the Senate last year, rather than try to up-end the world’s safest air traffic control system. Let’s not get sidetracked by pro-posals that have neither bipartisan consensus in Congress nor agreement among aviation stakeholders. Last year we came very close to enacting a bipartisan and comprehensive FAA bill. It passed the Senate 95 to 3, al-though it didn’t have air traffic control privatization. I know we can do it again, and I look forward to working with Senator T
HUNE and the members of the committee, who will have the first crack at this when we bring up the FAA bill. Hopefully we can go with a consensus bill that will give us an au-thorization for the FAA for many years—5 to 7 years into the future—so that we can have the certainty of the authorization with which to continue to build a safe airline and air safety record and implement the next genera-tion of air traffic control. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question now occurs on agreeing to the resolution. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. FLAKE ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), and the Sen-ator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 90, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 138 Leg.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Tester Thune Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bennet Booker Duckworth Flake Menendez Merkley Murkowski Sullivan Tillis Toomey 
The resolution (S. Res. 176) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the preamble is agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of May 24, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table. The Senator from Nevada. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Nevada. 
f 
S. RES. 176 Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise today in support of S. Res. 176, which was just adopted by the Senate. This important resolution reaffirms the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995, which recognized Jerusalem as the cap-ital of Israel by moving the U.S. Em-bassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. As many of my colleagues know, this week marks 50 years since Jerusalem was unified during the Six-Day War, and I am pleased to have joined Leader M
CCONNELL and Senator S CHUMER as an original cosponsor of this resolution to commemorate this important anni-versary. I thank them for their leader-ship on this issue, and I am proud to stand beside them in our commitment to one of our oldest and strongest al-lies, Israel. This resolution sends a message to our friends in Israel, and that message is this: We support moving our Em-bassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Let me explain why this issue is so important to me. It has been 22 years since the Jeru-salem Embassy Act became law. How-ever, our country’s promise to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is yet to be fulfilled. It has been 22 years, and we still have not moved our Embassy. We have had 22 years to enforce this law, and year after year we continue to turn a blind eye to what we are ex-pected—and what we promised—to do. Jerusalem is the capital of Israel, and that is where the U.S. Embassy should be located. Now is the time to move the Embassy as we committed to do so many years ago. By the way, many Nevadans feel the same way I do. One Nevadan who sup-ports relocating the Embassy said in a letter to me: 
It is never wrong to do the right thing. And moving our embassy to Jerusalem is the right thing to do. 
As we commemorate the reunifica-tion of Jerusalem, I encourage my col-leagues to honor our commitment and to show Israel, one of our oldest and closest allies, that we stand with them today more than ever. Today’s vote represents an important step in the right direction, and I en-courage my colleagues to join me in fi-nally enacting what is current law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.005 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3239 June 5, 2017 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, often, upon returning from a week in my State when the Senate is out of ses-sion, I like to talk about some of the things I saw in Ohio. Much of that week I spent at roundtables at Akron Children’s Hospital, in Cleveland, Day-ton, Cincinnati, Columbus, Toledo, and Youngstown—over the last couple of weeks but especially last week—talk-ing about what Medicaid cuts would mean to my State. I throw in with Governor Kasich, the Republican Gov-ernor, who has admonished his col-leagues—first in the House and now in the Senate—to not repeal the Afford-able Care Act, to not throw, literally, 900,000 people who have insurance in Ohio today off insurance, as the House bill would do. At the same time, one thing we also know is that the average 60-year-old in Ohio will see her pre-miums go up $1,600 a year. We all know the terrible problem opioid addiction has inflicted on hun-dreds of thousands of people in our country. Unfortunately, my State has had more opioid deaths pretty much every month—certainly, over the last year—than any State in the United States of America. Today 200,000 Ohio-ans are getting opioid treatment who are able to get that treatment because they have insurance under the Afford-able Care Act. Think about the 26-year-old who is on her mother’s health insurance plan who gets opioid treatment. Think about the family with the 5-year-old with a preexisting condition who will no longer be able to get insurance and who gets insurance because of the Af-fordable Care Act, because we fixed the preexisting condition exclusion. If the House version were to pass, or some-thing similar to it, that family would lose its insurance. There was example after example. That is one of the rea-sons the House of Representatives had so much trouble repealing the Afford-able Care Act and one of the reasons that the 12 or 13 Senators are meet-ing—maybe tonight, for all I know; they never tell us—just down the hall, down there in Senator M
CCONNELL ’s of-fice, to try to figure out how to repeal the Affordable Care Act and find a way to hold 52 Republican Senators to-gether. Think about that. They are meeting in secret. First, it was the House of Representatives, when they repealed the Affordable Care Act, when they voted on what is called the American Health Care Act. I think that is what they called it, the AHCA. When they voted on it, they came up with a bill at 8 o’clock at night. They sprung it on the floor the next day. Almost nobody had a chance to read it. There were no hearings, no discussions—not even reading the bill. They jammed it through by twisting arms—the Presi-dent of the United States, the Vice President of the United States, who used to be a Member of the House, the Speaker of the House, all of them—to get this bill through. They hadn’t even taken the time to hear from the Con-gressional Budget Office to tell how much this bill would cost and how many people would lose their insur-ance. It turns out they estimated that more than 20 million people would lose their insurance. That came after the vote in the House. They are doing the same thing in the Senate. They are doing this meeting behind closed doors. It is a bunch of Republican leaders together. No Demo-crats are invited. No Democrats are asked their opinions. It is all about doing something to live up to this cam-paign promise that they are going to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Listen to Governor Kasich. They have no idea what they are going to do with these 20 million people, with 900,000 people in my State—900,000 peo-ple who have health insurance, most of whom are working. These are people who have jobs. They just aren’t lucky enough to have jobs like we have, where their health insurance is paid for. Think about the morality of this— 200-plus Republican Members of Con-gress, all of whom get health insurance paid by taxpayers, by all of you in the Gallery and anybody watching this. We get insurance here paid for by tax-payers, and they are going to just snatch it away from those 200,000 fami-lies in my State who are getting opioid addiction treatment because of the Af-fordable Care Act. What is the moral-ity of that? Then, worse than that is that they do it without reading the bill. They do it, pretty much, in the middle of the night, and they are doing the same thing here. Clearly, the American pub-lic is on to this. The public overwhelm-ingly thinks this is a bad idea. But they move forward because there is a huge tax break involved for the drug industry, a huge tax break for the medical device industry, and huge help for the insurance industry. That is why they do it, because in the end so much of what happens in this body is so that the wealthiest 1 or 2 or 5 percent get their tax cuts, get their tax breaks, and the middle class gets stuck with the bill and the middle class loses the benefits it gets. That is the moral out-rage that so many Americans feel about this process. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COUNTERING IRAN’S DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 110, S. 722. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 110, S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 110, S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. Todd Young, Joni Ernst, Bill Cassidy, Ron Johnson, Tom Cotton, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, Pat Roberts, Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, Lu-ther Strange, James M. Inhofe, Mike Crapo, Shelley Moore Capito, John Cor-nyn, Bob Corker, John Barrasso. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING WILLIAM BARCLAY BATES Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to William Barclay Bates, a father, grandfather, great- grandfather, and veteran of the Second World War. Bill, as he liked to be called, passed away last December in Jackson, WY, at the age of 91. Next week, his family will gather at Wyo-ming Veterans Cemetery in Casper, WY, to commemorate his life and honor his contributions to our country. I wish to add a few words to what they will say about this brave and stalwart man. Bill’s life story typifies many of his generation. He was born on December 14, 1924, in Los Angeles, CA, to Jeffrey Otto and Clara Virginia Bates. His fa-ther, Jeff, served in the American Ex-peditionary Force in Russia during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.011 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3240 June 5, 2017 
World War I. His mother, Clara, was a telephone operator. When Bill was 5, he moved with his family to McAlester, OK. This was during the middle of the Great Depression, and times were tough. Bill’s father owned a radio re-pair shop and later ran a roller rink to provide for the family. As Bill said some years later, ‘‘We never had much money, but neither did anyone else. We never missed any meals, but we ate a lot of beans, and a soup bone on Sun-day was a real treat.’’ In September 1941, at the age of 17, Bill enlisted in the Army. It was 3 months before Pearl Harbor. After basic training, Bill applied for and was accepted to airplane gunnery school. Following completion of his training, a request came in for a gunner for a group headed to Africa. As Bill later told the story, his captain ‘‘flipped a coin between two candidates, me and Bill Haygood. I lost and Bill Haygood went to North Africa and was killed within six weeks. A flip of a coin de-cided that I would live through the war.’’ Instead of going to Africa, Bill was sent to Europe with the Eighth Air Force, 446th Bomb Group. The 446th Bomb Group, which came to be known as the Bungay Buckaroos, led the Eighth Air Force on the first heavy bomber mission on D-Day, June 6, 1944, and later supported Allied ground forces as they moved east toward Ber-lin through France and Germany. Bill served as a waist gunner and flew missions in B–17s and B–24s. In total, he flew 33 combat missions. This was very dangerous work. Of his original flight crew, only Bill and one other were still alive at the war’s end. For his service, he received the Air Medal with three bronze oakleaf clusters and the Distinguished Flying Cross. After receiving an honorable dis-charge as a staff sergeant in 1945, Bill returned to Oklahoma, studied busi-ness on the G.I. bill, and became a cer-tified public accountant. In 1951, he married Dorothy Lee Hart-man in Fort Sill, OK. Like Bill, Doro-thy grew up in Oklahoma during the Great Depression. She was working as a nurse in Tulsa when they met. A year after Bill and Dorothy married, their son Bruce was born. Seven years later, another son, Jeff, was born. In 1962, Bill and his family moved from Tulsa to Casper, WY, so Bill and Dorothy could pursue their love of the outdoors. During this time, Bill contin-ued his work as an accountant, serving in the Casper Chamber of Commerce and as president of the Wyoming chap-ter of certified public accountants. He grew his firm, Bates and Hocker, into the largest accounting firm in the State of Wyoming. After Bill retired, he and Dorothy moved to California, Arizona, and then Utah, returning to Casper every sum-mer to hunt, fish, and enjoy Wyoming’s cool summers. Bill became an avid sa-fari hunter, traveling to Africa 15 times to hunt game. After Dorothy passed away in 2012, Bill returned to Wyoming, where he spent many happy days in Jackson near his son Jeff and daughter-in-law Vickie. He passed away on December 5 of last year, surrounded by family and loved ones. He is survived by his sons Bruce and Jeff, daughters-in-law Debbie and Vickie, six grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren. I said at the outset that Bill’s life story typifies many of his generation. He grew up during the Great Depres-sion, when times were hard and money scarce. He served with valor in World War II, where he risked his life many times for his country and fellow serv-icemen. After the war, he went to col-lege, got married, and started a family. He built a business and served in the community. He was a faithful husband and a steadfast provider for his chil-dren. Men like Bill Bates are the reason America and her allies prevailed in World War II. Men like Bill Bates are the reason we enjoy such a prosperous and free country today. I am grateful for this opportunity to add a few words in Bill’s memory and wish his family the very best. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavoidably detained for rollcall vote No. 138 on adoption of S. Res. 176. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. As a cosponsor of S. Res. 176, I would have joined many of my colleagues in voting for its adoption. Noting this week marks the 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War and the reunification of the city of Jerusalem, this resolution recognizes that there has been a con-tinuous Jewish presence in the city of Jerusalem for 3,000 years and that the holy city is home to people of Jewish, Muslim, and Christian faiths. This res-olution reaffirms longstanding U.S. po-sitions, including that the permanent status of Jerusalem must be negotiated between the parties through final sta-tus negotiations for a two-state solu-tion. This resolution further reaffirms the importance of the U.S.-Israel rela-tionship and our shared value of pro-moting religious freedom.∑ 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–77, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $750 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–77 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 0 million. Other $750 million. Total $750 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE includes: Continuation of a blan-ket order training program inside and out-side of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that in-cludes, but is not limited to, flight training, technical training, professional military education, specialized training, mobile train-ing teams (MTTs), and English language training. These blanket order training cases will cover all relevant types of training of-fered by or contracted through the U.S. Air Force or Department of Defense Agencies (DOD), to include participation in CONUS DOD-sponsored education, as well as MTTs that will travel to Saudi Arabia. This train-ing for the Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF) and other Saudi forces will include such sub-jects as civilian casualty avoidance, the law of armed conflict, human rights command and control, and targeting via MTTs and/or broader Programs of Instruction (POIs). Pro-gram management, trainers, simulators, travel, billeting, and medical support may also be included. (iv) Military Department: Air Force. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FMS Case NFS—$44M, FMS Case NFT—$48M, FMS Case NFU—$82M, FMS Case TGP—$53M, FMS Case THB—$93M, FMS Case THD—$73M, FMS Case THE—$69M, FMS Case THF—$39M, FMS Case THG—$93M. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid. Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 2, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.007 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3241 June 5, 2017 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Saudi Arabia—Blanket Order Training The Government of Saudi Arabia requested a possible sale of continued blanket order training program inside and outside of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that includes, but is not limited to, flight training, technical training, professional military education, specialized training, mobile training teams (MTTs), and English language training. These blanket order training cases cover all relevant types of training offered by or con-tracted through the U.S. Air Force or De-partment of Defense (DoD) Agencies, to in-clude participation in CONUS DOD-spon-sored education, as well as MTTs that will travel to Saudi Arabia. This training for the Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF) and other Saudi forces will include such subjects as ci-vilian casualty avoidance, the law of armed conflict, human rights command and con-trol, and targeting via MTTs and/or broader Programs of Instruction (POIs). Program management, trainers, simulators, travel, billeting, and medical support may also be included. The estimated program cost is $750 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of an important partner which has been and continues to be a leading contrib-utor of political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. This training would support the United States’ continued commitment to Saudi Ara-bia’s security and strengthen the U.S.-Saudi Arabia strategic partnership. Assisting the RSAF supports Saudi Arabia in deterring hostile actions and increases U.S.-Saudi Ara-bia military interoperability. It also helps their ability to work with coalition partners during training, exercises, and operations. Saudi Arabia will have no difficulty absorb-ing this training and support. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Saudi Arabia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. All defense articles/services have been approved for release. f 
CONFIRMATION OF AMUL R. THAPAR Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I could not support Judge Amul Thapar’s nomination to fill the vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-cuit. I was extremely concerned about Judge Thapar’s views about how the law applies to the issue of money in politics. According to Judge Thapar, ‘‘there is simply no difference between saying that one supports an organiza-tion by using words and saying that one supports an organization by donat-ing money.’’ His opinion on the role of money in politics in Winter v. Wolnitzek was so extreme that, even in this post-Citizens United era, it was unanimously overruled by the Sixth Circuit. Judge Thapar’s willingness to dismiss ethical rules created to avoid partisanship and to ensure impartiality is troubling and prevented me from supporting his nomination. Ever since the Supreme Court rulings in Citizens United v. FEC and McCutcheon v. Federal Election Com-mission, No. 12–536, our political sys-tem has been infiltrated by dark money. The untraceable and unlimited amount of money pouring into elec-tions has changed our political system for the worse, and Americans across party lines agree. Eighty-four percent of Americans think that money has too much influence in politics, and over half of Americans think that politi-cians only promote policies in support of their donors and not their voters. President Trump has nominated a judge who wants to erode what few pro-tections currently exist to limit money in politics and whose views are outside of the mainstream. Judge Thapar’s views on money in politics may be among the reasons why the conservative Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation included Judge Thapar on the short list of pos-sible Supreme Court nominees that they prepared for President Trump. I find President Trump’s outsourcing of the judicial selection process to third- party organizations alarming. Tradi-tionally, Presidential administrations have consulted with Senators of both parties as they selected judicial nomi-nees. The Trump administration consults with partisan organizations instead. The very fact that this vacancy ex-isted is another example of Republican obstructionism and the unnecessary politicization of the judiciary. Former- President Obama nominated Judge Lisabeth Tabor Hughes to fill this va-cant seat in March 2016. Much like the Supreme Court seat vacated by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, Re-publicans refused to hold a hearing or fill the seat. The seat should have been filled long ago, but regardless, Judge Thapar is not the right person to fill it now. f 
OREGON JEWISH MUSEUM AND CENTER FOR HOLOCAUST EDU-CATION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to acknowledge an exciting moment in Oregon’s history: the grand opening of the new Oregon Jewish Museum and Center for Holocaust Education in Portland. The 15,000-square-foot mu-seum now has a permanent place in our State where anyone can come to learn and experience Jewish culture and his-tory. Jews have lived in Oregon for more than 165 years. Many immigrated here to escape the horrors of the Holocaust; others came with the hope of finding a new life in a new land. I am the son of immigrants who fled Nazi Germany, so this history is especially personal. As a proud American Jew, I know that for each dark chapter in our history, there is a story of perseverance, of hope, of triumph. The rich traditions and cul-ture within the Jewish community must be preserved and taught for gen-erations to come. That is why I am so proud of the work done by the commu-nity in Oregon and by the Portland museum staff and board to bring this museum to an even grander scale. The museum has come a long way from its initial beginnings when it was known as the museum without walls. From the first exhibition, ‘‘Jews of Greece,’’ at the Multnomah County Central Library in 1990, interest grew- and so has the museum’s footprint. Now, with this new state-of-the-art fa-cility, the museum will continue to educate and open the minds of many about the experiences of Oregon’s vi-brant Jewish community. In fact, it continues to be the only community repository for displaying that experi-ence in my home State. It is my distinct honor to recognize the Oregon Jewish Museum and Center for Holocaust Education. It brings in-credible exhibitions to our State, pro-vides a full-time Holocaust educator to help those who want to learn more about this tragic piece of history, and remains the steward of the Oregon Hol-ocaust Memorial in Portland’s Wash-ington Park. I am greatly appreciative for all this museum does and will do for Oregon. f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 1083. An act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1761. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the knowing con-sent of the visual depiction, or life trans-mission, of a minor engaged in sexually ex-plicit conduct, and for other purposes. H.R. 1973. An act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.025 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3242 June 5, 2017 
order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Military Academy: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York and Mrs. M
URPHY of Flor-ida. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on May 30, 2017, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 657. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on June 2, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. G
ARDNER ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1761. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the knowing con-sent of the visual depiction, or live trans-mission, of a minor engaged in sexually ex-plicit conduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1973. An act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 61. A bill to remove the sunset provision of section 203 of Public Law 105–384 and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–88). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1129. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–89). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 88. A bill to ensure appropriate spectrum planning and interagency coordination to support the Internet of Things (Rept. No. 115–90). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 18. A resolution reaffirming the United States-Argentina partnership and recognizing Argentina’s economic reforms. S. Res. 114. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on humanitarian crises in Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan, and Yemen. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amendments: H.R. 601. A bill to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assist-ance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic edu-cation in developing countries, to better en-able such countries to achieve universal ac-cess to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C RUZ): S. 1290. A bill to help individuals receiving assistance under means-tested welfare pro-grams obtain self-sufficiency, to provide in-formation on total spending on means-tested welfare programs, to provide an overall spending limit on means-tested welfare pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. P AUL, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
TRANGE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 184. A resolution relative to the death of James Paul David ‘‘Jim’’ Bunning, former United States Senator for the Com-monwealth of Kentucky; considered and agreed to. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 122, a bill to prevent home-owners from being forced to pay taxes on forgiven mortgage loan debt. 
S. 200 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 200, a bill to prohibit the conduct of a first-use nuclear strike absent a dec-laration of war by Congress. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 203, a bill to reaffirm that the En-vironmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contribu-tions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 292, a bill to maxi-mize discovery, and accelerate develop-ment and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 301, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit governmental discrimination against providers of health services that are not involved in abortion. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 375, a bill to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain set-tlements. 
S. 376 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 376, a bill to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.009 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3243 June 5, 2017 
publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are en-dangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the rail-road track maintenance credit. 
S. 459 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 459, a bill to designate the area between the intersections of Wis-consin Avenue, Northwest and Davis Street, Northwest and Wisconsin Ave-nue, Northwest and Edmunds Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 486 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for the non-applica-tion of Medicare competitive acquisi-tion rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 534 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 534, a bill to prevent the sex-ual abuse of minors and amateur ath-letes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement au-thorities, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as co-sponsors of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain in-come of employees for employment du-ties performed in other States. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boy-cotts fostered by international govern-mental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 766 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 766, a bill to amend titles 10 and 32, United States Code, to improve and enhance authorities relating to the employment, use, status, and benefits of military technicians (dual status), and for other purposes. 
S. 774 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 774, a bill to address the psycho-logical, developmental, social, and emotional needs of children, youth, and families who have experienced trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 782 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 782, a bill to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 882 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 882, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the entitle-ment to educational assistance under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for members of the Armed Forces awarded the Purple Heart, and for other purposes. 
S. 888 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 888, a bill to amend the Higher Education Opportunity Act to add dis-closure requirements to the institution financial aid offer form and to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make such form mandatory. 
S. 889 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 889, a bill to amend the High-er Education Act of 1965 to make tech-nical improvements to the Net Price Calculator system so that prospective students may have a more accurate un-derstanding of the true cost of college. S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimination against indi-viduals with disabilities who need long- term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 915 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 915, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and wind-fall elimination provisions. 
S. 926 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 926, a bill to author-ize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 1027 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1027, a bill to extend the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000. 
S. 1057 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1057, a bill to amend the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Con-trol Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, and for other purposes. 
S. 1094 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1094, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. At the request of Mr. R
UBIO, the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1094, supra. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.014 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3244 June 5, 2017 
S. 1114 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1114, a bill to nullify the effect of the recent Executive order laying a foundation for discrimination against LGBTQ individuals, women, religious minorities, and others under the pre-text of religious freedom. 
S. 1186 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1186, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Transportation to designate certain entities as centers of excellence for domestic maritime workforce train-ing and education, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1191 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1191, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to refine how Medicare pays for orthotics and pros-thetics and to improve beneficiary ex-perience and outcomes with orthotic and prosthetic care, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union. 
S.J. RES. 40 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 40, a joint resolution to pro-vide limitations on the transfer of air- to-ground munitions from the United States to Saudi Arabia. 
S. RES. 114 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 114, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on humani-tarian crises in Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan, and Yemen. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 174 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 174, a resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs International and cele-brating the Lions Clubs International for a long history of humanitarian service. 
S. RES. 176 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. BOOKER ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 176, a resolution commemorating the 50th an-niversary of the reunification of Jeru-salem. At the request of Mr. M
CCONNELL , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. S
TRANGE ), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 176, supra. 
S. RES. 179 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 179, a resolution express-ing support for the designation of June 2, 2017, as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ and June 2017 as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Month’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 184—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF JAMES PAUL DAVID ‘‘JIM’’ BUNNING, FORMER UNITED STATES SEN-ATOR FOR THE COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. P AUL, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELL-ER, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 184 Whereas Jim Bunning served the people of Fort Thomas, Kentucky in the Fort Thomas City Council for 2 years; Whereas Jim Bunning served the people of Kentucky in the Kentucky State Senate for 4 years; Whereas Jim Bunning served the people of Kentucky’s 4th District with distinction for 12 years in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, and as Chair of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Social Secu-rity; Whereas Jim Bunning served the people of Kentucky with distinction for 12 years in the United States Senate; Whereas Jim Bunning pitched a no-hitter for the Detroit Tigers against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park on July 20, 1958, the first in the National League in 84 years and the first in the major leagues since the 1956 World Series; Whereas Jim Bunning pitched a perfect game for the Philadelphia Phillies against the New York Mets on June 22, 1964, which was the first regular-season perfect game in the major leagues since 1922; Whereas Jim Bunning was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1996; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the an-nouncement of the death of the Honorable Jim Bunning, former member of the United States Senate. Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate communicate these resolutions to the House Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family member of the de-ceased. Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the Honorable Jim Bunning. f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF JAMES PAUL DAVID ‘‘JIM’’ BUN-NING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 184, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 184) relative to the death of James Paul David ‘‘Jim’’ Bunning, former United States Senator for the Com-monwealth of Kentucky. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.016 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3245 June 5, 2017 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 184) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 6; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to resume consideration of the Elwood nomination as under the previous order; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the provisions of S. Res. 184, as a further mark of respect to the late Jim Bun-ning, former United States Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:33 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
HENRY KERNER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE SPECIAL COUN-SEL, OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL, FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE CAROLYN N. LERNER, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DEANNA M. BURT 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. STEPHEN R. HOGAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JANSON D. BOYLES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADES INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. STEVEN W. AINSWORTH BRIG. GEN. BRUCE E. HACKETT BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL C. O’GUINN BRIG. GEN. MIYAKO N. SCHANELY 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN W. AARSEN COL. KRIS A. BELANGER COL. DOUGLAS A. CHERRY COL. ELLEN S. CLARK COL. ROBERT S. COOLEY, JR. COL. DIANNE M. DEL ROSSO COL. WILLIAM B. DYER III COL. JOSEPH A. EDWARDS II COL. DARIUS S. GALLEGOS COL. HOWARD–CHARLES W. GECK COL. MICHAEL T. HARVEY COL. MARTIN F. KLEIN COL. WILLIAM S. LYNN COL. JOSEPH A. MARSIGLIA COL. ROBERT F. PLECZKOWSKI COL. DUSTIN A. SHULTZ COL. MARK A. TOWNE COL. IRENE M. ZOPPI THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. GREGORY L. KENNEDY BRIG. GEN. ANDREW P. SCHAFER, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER P. CALLAHAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JAMES P. BEGLEY III BRIG. GEN. SYLVESTER CANNON BRIG. GEN. THOMAS M. CARDEN, JR. BRIG. GEN. RICHARD H. DAHLMAN BRIG. GEN. WENDUL G. HAGLER II BRIG. GEN. ROBERT T. HERBERT BRIG. GEN. JON A. JENSEN BRIG. GEN. JOHN F. KING BRIG. GEN. DIRK R. KLOSS BRIG. GEN. FRANCIS M. MCGINN BRIG. GEN. WALTER L. MERCER BRIG. GEN. PAUL D. ROGERS BRIG. GEN. SEAN A. RYAN BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL A. STONE BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL C. THOMPSON BRIG. GEN. GISELLE M. WILZ BRIG. GEN. GARY S. YAPLE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) ANN M. BURKHARDT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ANGELA M. MIKE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
MATTHEW V. CHAUVIERE JASON D. HOSKINS MICHAEL S. LAIDLAW LAUREN A. MAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL E. BRUHN MARK E. CLEVELAND JOSEPH R. DELL CHRISTOPHER ESTRIDGE JEREMY N. HOOPER ANDREW M. KACZMAREK ANDREW C. LATTIMORE ANTONIO D. LOVE ROBERT D. PELTZER WAYNE S. PETERS CHRISTOPHER VAUGHN BRADLEY D. WEAST VICTOR D. WEEDEN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
JEFFREY W. DRAKE AMY M. FISHER BRANDI L. FOSTER RYAN M. GASSMAN CODY JOHN HESS THEODOSIA FLORIA HILL KERRY E. HUTCHINGS JENNIFER LEE IDELL MICHAEL TODD KEELEY CRISTY A. LONG EZEKIEL S. MALONE JOSHUA LEE MILLER RAYMOND A. MILLER, JR. EDWARD J. MORRIS MARLON A. MUTHUVEERAN PAWEL NOWACKI MARLO P. OBCEMEA JENNIFER M. PEARL NOAH H. PLAISANCE PHILLIP K. POPE JOSEPH DANYLE POPHAM, JR. MARC A. RITTBERG BRENDA TALINA ROBERTS JAVIER A. RODRIGUEZ MARK A. SABROSKI TIMOTHY A. SCHMIDT RANDALL C. SHIFLETT GARY N. SUTTLES DANIEL T. TOWNSEND MERLINDA B. VERGONIO JACK VILARDI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
WILLIAM JOHN ACKMAN ALEX D. ADAMS ALPHANSO R. ADAMS ANDREW JAMES ADAMS MICHAEL J. ALBLINGER PAUL S. ALBUQUERQUE JEREMIAH J. ALDER JOSH R. ALDRED TAMMARA L. ALEXANDER BRANDON P. ALFORD JENNIFER ANNETTE ALICKSON DANIEL C. ALIX MARK E. ALLARD ANDY G. ALLEN GERALD D. ALLEN, JR. ROBERT W. ALLEN CHRISTOPHER A. ALLIE JOSEPH N. ALLISON DAVID C. ALVAREZ PHILLIP N. ALVAREZ SALOMON ALVAREZ III RUBEN R. AMEZAGA SUNIL LALITKUMAR AMIN CLIFFORD WALDO ANDERSON JOEL RICKS ANDERSON KEVIN S. ANDERSON PAUL R. ANDREWS, JR. ROCCO J. ANGIOLELLI CHRISTOPHER LEE ANTENEN MARCUS C. ANTONINI RYAN R. ARCHAMBAULTMILINER MARCEL T. AREL MICHAEL A. ARGUELLO RYAN W. ARMSTRONG ROBERT C. ARNETT PATRICK H. ARNN KREG T. ARNOLD TIFFANY L. ARNOLD JOHN PAUL CABIGAS ARRE JOSHUA A. ARROWOOD MICHAEL A. ARTIFON MICHAEL D. ASKEGREN DANIEL V. ATIENZA PHILIP Z. ATKINSON GREGORY BRIAN AUERBACH CHAD A. BACKES STEVEN A. BAILEY CHARLES JAMES BAIRD MICHAEL H. BAIRD HEIDI ANNETTE BAKER JASON R. BAKER MATTHEW T. BALLANCO STEPHEN L. BARBOUR LUKE ADAM BARGER NEIL BRYAN BARNAS ROBERT J. BARNES CHRISTOPHER LEE BARNETT AARON R. BARRETT JOHN M. BARRY DWAIN JASON BARTELS II DONALD F. BARTHOLOMEW III JOSE L. BASABE, JR. DOUGLAS M. BAUER AARON C. BAUM BRIAN K. BEAUTER ROBERT O. BECKENHAUER NICHOLAS S. BEDELL JONATHAN MICHAEL BEHA ERIC EDWARD BEIN JOSHUA M. BEKKEDAHL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.015 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3246 June 5, 2017 
NIKITA S. BELIKOV BRYAN M. BELL CLIFTON M. BELL DYLAN A. BELL THOMAS N. BELLAIRS MATTHEW BRENT BELOTE TIFFANY H. BENDORF DAVID M. BENNETT CORY D. BERG TYLER A. BERGE TROY DAVID BERGHUIS BENJAMIN C. BERGREN TANNER BERGSRUD CHRISTOPHER J. BERGSTROM RYAN A. BERNIER JONATHAN P. BESS CHRISTOPHER W. BEST MARK J. BIEDA CHRISTOPHER J. BILLAU JOSEPH A. BINCAROUSKY, SR. ROBERT G. BINGHAM OWEN D. BIRCKETT MICHAEL JOSEPH BLACK COLBY J. BLACKWOOD JOSHUA P. BLAKEMAN BRENT R. BLANDINO JEFFERY ANDREW BLANKENSHIP TIMOTHY R. BLOCKYOU GREGORY MICHAEL BLOM NIA K. BLUFORD DANIEL T. BLUM DANA L. BOCHTE ERIC D. BOGUE ANDREW J. BOGUSKY TRAVIS R. BOHANAN GREGORY R. BOLAND MATTHEW D. BOONE JOHN M. BOOS MATTHEW R. BORAWSKI GREGORY M. BORSCHOWA STACIE LYNN BORTZ KELLY BORUKHOVICH JONATHAN W. BOTT DOUGLAS P. BOTTOMS JOSHUA P. BOUDREAUX ERIK EDWARD BOWMAN PAMELA A. BOYARSKI MACEY W. BOZARTH LYDIA A. BRADLEYTYLER ALLEN GEORGE BRANCO III DAVID T. BREDESEN KYLE BENJAMIN BRESSETTE MICHAEL T. BREWER DAMEION DAWAYNE BRIGGS EVAN J. P. BRIGGS LEE M. BRLETICH JEREMY M. BROCKMAN TIMOTHY W. BROKAW ANDREW L. BROWN BRANDON R. BROWN JOSEPH W. BROWN BENJAMIN D. BRYAN MARCUS W. BRYAN KYLE R. BUCHER BRADLY P. BUCHOLZ CHARLES F. BUEKER JOEL B. BUELOW BENJAMIN R. BURDETTE KENNETH WILSON BURGI WILLIAM J. BURICH SEAN PATRICK BURKE MATTHEW P. BURNISTON NICOLE MARIE BURNSIDE MATTHEW J. BURROWS CHARLES C. BURSI BENNET ALAN BURTON CLARENCE E. BURTON, JR. MATTHEW G. BUTLER SCOTT D. BUTLER CHRISTOPHER J. BYRNE MARIO P. CABIAO CHARLES J. CAGGIANO, JR. IAN E. CALDERON GREGORY JULIEN CAMERON JEFFREY S. CAMERON DUSTIN CANEDY AARON CAPIZZI JAMES L. CAPRA MATTHEW P. CARDUCCI GERARD J. CARISIO CATALEYA CARLSON CHRISTOPHER S. CARLSON ERIK A. CARLSON KEVIN M. CARLSON SPEIGHT H. CAROON ROBERT R. CARREON JAMES S. CARROLL ANTHONY L. CARSON CHRISTIAN H. CARTER JONATHAN A. CARTER NICHOLAS J. CARTER CHRISTOPHER T. CASTLE ROBIN CHRISTOPHER CASTLE MARITZEL G. CASTRELLON HARVEY CATCHINGS, JR. AARON B. CAVAZOS KURT M. CEPEDA ALFRED W. CHAFFEE JUSTIN W. CHANDLER RYLAN M. CHARLTON PAUL A. CHASE BRIAN L. CHATMAN ORLANDO L. CHAVEZ SAMUEL C. CHIPMAN ADAM G. CHITWOOD PETER M. CHOI THOMAS CHOU JOSEPH A. CHRISTENSEN WOO SUK CHUN MARC L. CHURCH ERIKA R. CHUTE ADAM T. CIARELLA BRANDON J. CIELOHA MATTHEW A. CISAR LIAM J. CLANCY CRISTAL NICOLE CLARK JACK AXEL CLARK TRACY R. CLINTON JOSHUA M. COAKLEY PAUL H. COBEAGA AARON L. COCHRAN STACI N. COLEMAN JEFFREY P. COLLINS MATTHEW D. COLLINS TROY S. COMBS CHRISTOPHER M. CONANT NICHOLAS A. CONDON ALAN W. CONDOR JUSTIN MICHAEL CONELLI BROOKS R. CONN JOSHUA D. CONNELL JOHN PAUL CONNER ALEX N. CONSTANTINE JASON B. CONSTANTINE DIAMOND D. COOKSON BRETT JAMES COOPER MATTHEW COOPER ROLLY G. COOPER NEIL J. COPENHAVER MATTHEW G. COPPOLA REBECCA SUE CORBIN MATTHEW S. CORDANI AARRON S. CORNINE ANTHONY C. COSTANZA MAXWELL COVER RYAN DARRELL COX KEITH R. CRAINE WESLEY M. CRAWLEY BENJAMIN P. CRAYCRAFT JEFFREY J. CREPEAU JESSICA RYAN CRITCHER AARON M. CROFT MATTHEW J. CROSMAN DARRELL SCOTT CROWE JOHN F. CUDDY CRAIG J. CUDE SEAN P. CULLEN DAVID A. CUMINGS JAMES RICHARD CURRAN JASON B. CURTIS RUSSELL JAMES DABEL DENIS A. DALLAIRE GERRIT H. DALMAN ADAM C. DALSON WILLIAM LEE DALTON, JR. DAVID J. DAMRON MICHAEL J. DAMRON BRANDON LEWIS DAVENPORT DAVID C. DAVIDSON JEFFREY C. DAVIS SCOTT P. DAVIS SETH S. DAVIS CINDY D. DAWSON ADRIAN S. DE LA FUENTES NICHOLAS M. DEANGELIS JONATHAN A. DEARMOND MICHAEL L. DECKARD MARK ALAN DEGENHARDT RAYMUND P. DELEON DAVID DELMAGE GEORGE H. DELONG WINELL S. DEMESA HEATHER G. DEMIS CHANDLER A. DEPENBROCK ERIC L. DEPRIEST BRIAN L. DESAUTELS NICHOLAS FRANCIS DEW JANET D. DEWESE MARK E. DEYOUNG CHRISTOPHER J. DIAZ LERIA M. DIAZ JOSEPH ANTHONY DICIOLLA JOSHUA DAVID DIEHL CHRISTOPHER A. DIETER MICHAEL JOHN DIMARIA, JR. NEIL W. DIMMITT MATTHEW W. DOLAN JAMES W. DOLSON MELISSA L. DOMBROCK JAINA L. DONBERG ANDREW I. DORN CHRISTOPHER J. DOROUGH JOSHUA SCOTT DORR ROSS E. DOTZLAF MICHAEL JOSEPH DOUGLAS TIMOTHY J. DOWLING, JR. JEFFREY L. DOWNING PHILLIP H. DREW ANDREW D. DUBOIS CHRISTOPHER F. DUFF JACOB J. DUFF YON P. DUGGER JAMES CHRISTIAN DUNCAN CHRISTOPHER G. DUPIN MICHELLE LYNN DURAND RYAN T. DURAND BRAD M. DVORAK JASON RICHARD DYMOND RYAN O. EADS JOHN DOMENIC EASTON MICHAEL T. EDWARDS J T. EGGINTON JARED M. EKHOLM MATTHEW P. ELDREDGE DARIN S. ELGERSMA JUSTIN J. ELLIOTT TRAVIS T. ELLIOTT BRETT J. ELLIS RYAN W. ELLIS RAYMOND J. ELMORE MICHAEL J. EMERSON REBECCA M. EMERSON MARK E. ENRIQUES STEPHEN A. ESCHMANN JONATHAN JOSIAH ESSES WILLIAM A. ESTEP PETER S. EULER ROBERT C. EVANS STEPHEN A. EVELYN CHRISTOPHER J. EVEY JAMES E. FAGAN JEFFREY T. FALCONE ERIC KASMER FANCHER MICHAEL D. FANTON FRANCIS T. FAPPIANO JONATHAN D. FARISS JOHN C. FARMER MATTHEW THOMAS FARRER MICHAEL FAZIO RYAN E. FERDINANDSEN ANGELO T. FERNANDEZ CARLOS J. FERRER RUSSELL B. FETTE JOHN M. FIANDT JAMES G. FINUCANE ROBERT A. FISHER BRIAN THOMAS FLANIGAN JESSE L. FLEENER BRYAN M. FLORIO JONATHAN R. FOX LARRY P. FOXWORTH BRYAN JOSHUA FRAM MATTHEW R. FRANCHETTI NAOMI L. FRANCHETTI TERESA A. FRANK TIMOTHY E. FRANK KYLE K. FRANSDAL DANE GEORGE FRANTA DANIEL L. FRANZ JACLYN CORRINE FREDERICK JOHN D. FREDERICK JONATHAN M. FRENCH JEFFREY RAY FRIES KELLY DAVID FRIESEN SCOTT S. FROHARDT STEVEN A. FROMM JOSHUA B. FRY JACOB T. FULGHAM MANDI L. FULLER MARC K. FULSON MUSA S. FURR DONALD J. FYFFE PAUL W. GAGLIARDI JAMES R. GAISER MEGAN ROSE GALUS JUSTIN L. GAMEL STEPHEN J. GANT HENRY A. GARAY BRIAN J. GARRETT JENNIFER GARRISON VIRNON S. GARRISON JOHN DAVID GARVIN MATTHEW BODELL GARVIN CHRISTOPHER D. GAUSEPOHL BRENTON R. GAYLORD DAVID ALAN GEBBIE DREW L. GEHLER DANE J. GEHRMANN GABRIEL D. GELDERT CHRISTOPHER L. GENELIN KEVIN P. GEOFFROY EUGENE J. GEORGESCU WILLIAM R. GERY RUSSELL H. GHEESLING ANTHONY DUWAYNE GIBSON BRETT E. GIBSON MATTHEW A. GIDLEY LINDSEY ERIN GIGGY JUSTIN D. GILBERT MYLES HAROLD GILBERT DAREN PAUL GILLESPIE SCOTT W. GILLILAND SETH IM GILPIN AJAY K. GIRI JASON A. GIRON ANTHONY E. GLESSNER PATRICK J. GODINEZ JESSE ALAN GOENS BRENT FAIRS GOLDEN ERIC M. GOLDEN JOSEPH W. GOLDSMITH RYAN C. GOODLIN BRANDON E. GORAB JOSEPH C. GORMAN STEPHEN WAYNE GOTER EVAN GRABELL KEVIN E. GRAHAM AMY RAE GRANT STEVEN R. GREEN, JR. BRANDON L. GREENAWALT CHONG H. GREGORY NEIL WELLS GREGORY DARRELL L. GROB JOSEPH R. GROSS, JR. CHARLIE WEST GROVER, JR. BENJAMIN J. GRUSIN PETER GRUTERS PETER J. GRYN JASON M. GUADALUPE JESSICA A. GUARINI JONATHAN R. GUERRERO 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.002 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3247 June 5, 2017 
MICHAEL CRAIG GUERRERO KRISTOPHER D. GUFFEY ANNA E. GUNNGOLKIN JONATHAN A. GUNTHER LUPE GUTIERREZ JASON ROBERT GUYETTE CHRISTINE G. L. GUZMAN LORI M. HAAS ALAN M. HAEDGE ERIK J. HAEUPTLE PHILIP M. HAFDAHL BRECK B. HALE JACOB E. HALE CHRISTOPHER HALEY GIDEON STACY HALL LUCAS HALL MEGAN F. HALL TERRY L. HALL CHRISTOPHER N. HALLE CHRIS ALAN HALSRUD JESSE WILSON HAMEL JEREMY T. HAMILTON IAN W. HAMLYN THOMAS C. HAMLYN MATTHEW L. HANE JAMES CHRISTOPHER HANNAN BRIAN E. HANS SEAN J. HANSEN COLIN Q. HANSON PETRINA A. HANSON DARION L. HARDEN ALLISON S. HARDWICK MICHAEL J. HARDWICK ANIL HARIHARAN ROBERT CARSTEN HARLAN THOMAS B. HARNEY BRANDEE J. HARRAL MAXWELL F. HARRELL, JR. CHRISTOPHER S. HARRIS JOHN J. HARRIS MARK L. HARRIS RYAN S. HARRIS BRYANT D. HARRISON PATRICK C. HARTMAN ADAM C. HAUER DANIEL STEPHEN HAUGH MICHAEL E. HAYEK CASEY J. HAYES JOSEPH J. HAYES, JR. THOMAS E. HAYES BRAD L. HAYNES KEVIN L. HAYNIE QUINCY M. HEARNS KEVIN M. HEATH AARON M. HEDRICK ANDREW M. HEIDEL RUSSELL T. HEIFNER MICHAEL M. HELGESON DANIEL K. HELLER ROBERT C. HEMBACH ALLAN J. HENLEY JENNIFER M. HENSLEY RYAN L. HERMAN WILLIAM A. HERMANN ALFONSO S. HERNANDEZ ERICKA L. HERNANDEZ DAVID R. HERNDON HALLIE A. HERRERA TYLER J. HESS KATHERINE Y. HETLAND DANIEL PAUL HIGHLANDER DAWN L. HILDEBRAND ROBERSON O. HILL KENNETH J. HILLS JENNIFER P. HINES RYAN MCHENRY HISEROTE TERRY WARREN HJERPE BRENDAN JOSEPH HOCHSTEIN JASON R. HOCK JOSHUA B. HOLADAY MICHAEL B. HOLL JOHN D. HOLLAND JAMES WILLIAM HOLLER MICHAEL J. HOLLINGSWORTH JASON M. HOLMAN BRIAN D. HOLT SEAN E. HOOK BRENDAN PATRICK HOPKINS JILL E. HOPKINS KENNETH W. HORTON BRIEN W. HOUSE CHRIS T. HOUSTON CLARENCE C. HOUSTON, JR. BRYAN G. HOWARD BRANDON J. HOWELL CHRISTOPHER J. HOWELL KENNETH B. HOWELL RYAN A. HOWELL KEVIN T. HOY MATTHEW THOMAS HOYT DUSTIN RYAN HUDSON MATTHEW T. HUDSON RYAN T. HUDSON SHANE D. HUGHES SHANNON MADDOX HUGHES MELISSA LEURIDAN HULL MATTHEW A. HUMPHREY TENAYA GOC HUMPHREY PETER ANTHONY HUNT JASEN W. HUNTER ROB STEPHEN HUSMANN MICHAEL ANTHONY HYLAND SEAN C. IANACONE DAVID STEVEN ILLSLEY CARL J. JACKSON, JR. RICARDO JAIME RUSSELL JAMES BENJAMIN A. JANS CHRISTOPHER D. JEFFERSON JOSHUA DAVID JENSEN PEDRO JIMENEZ STEPHEN P. JOCA RYAN R. JODOI BRANDY M. JOHNSON CLIFTON H. JOHNSON JASON K. JOHNSON MICHAEL A. JOHNSON PAUL STEPHEN JOHNSON ROBERT JOHNSON ROBERT JOSEPH JOHNSON SHEILA N. JOHNSTON CHRISTOPHER O. JONES CLARK RODMAN JONES CLAYTON L. JONES MARK N. JONES MELODY R. JONES SEAN M. JONES THOMAS DANIEL JONES TOBIAH MICHAEL JONES TOMMY GEORGE JONES WILLIAM R. JONES PETER SUNGJEAN JOO NICHOLAS B. JORDAN DANIEL JOSEPH JOYCE PABLO RAUL JUAREZ MATTHEW G. JUDGE NICHOLAS JUREWICZ GREGORY P. KANTZ MARYANN L. KARLEN JUSTIN D. KEATING JONATHAN KINGSTON KEEN ADAM T. KEITH COLLEEN BROOKE KELLAM DANIEL A. KENAN MICHAEL DAVID KENNEDY PATRICK J. KENNEDY VICTOR ALAN KENT PATRICK E. KILLINGSWORTH TED TAE WOO KIM JONATHAN SAMUEL KINARD BERNARD ROBERT KING JONATHAN D. KING MICHAEL H. KINGRY RANDOLPH B. KINSEY JOSHUA MICHAEL KIRKUM JOSHUA D. KITTLE NATHAN H. KITZKE DARWYN D. KLATT JEFFREY ROBERT KLEIN MICHAEL JOSEPH KLIETZ BENJAMIN S. KLINE DANIEL L. KLINE JASON T. KNAB JORDAN W. KNAUB SCOTT M. KONZEM SCOTT S. KORELL SEAN KRASSOW JOSHUA R. KRUM KARSON KUHLMAN JOSEPH LA MONICA RICHARD S. LACA VILACHACK LADARA STEPHEN VINCENT LANCE STACI A. LANDERS AMANDA JO LANGENBRUNNER NICHOLAS P. LAPLANT DONAVAN S. LASKEY DEWITT TALMADGE LATIMER IV PAUL A. LATOUR CHARLES D. LAUBACH RYAN C. LAUGHTON JENNIFER M. LAW PAUL J. LAWSON FRANCISCO ARNALDO LEACH KRISTA L. LEAMAN RYAN LOUIS LEBLANC RAVEN JUN LECLAIR BONACICH JEFFREY J. LEDEBOER DANIEL E. LEE JAMES D. LEE JASON KYLE LEE MICHAEL ALLAN LEE JOHN M. LEGER GEOFFREY LEVINE GRETCHEN T. LEWIS MATTHEW D. LEWIS NATHAN P. LEWIS ROBERT L. LIDOWSKI NATHANIEL C. LIEFER LYNN M. LIGHTFOOT JOSE CARLOS LINARES ULYSSES LINARES JACOB L. LINDAMAN WILLIAM GREGORY LITTLE DOMINIC GENE LITWIN JEREMY ALAN LOCK JOSHUA L. LOGIE JAMES S. LONG II JUSTIN L. LONG SUSANNE L. LONSBERRY MICHAEL F. LOOS LYDELL Z. LOPEZ BRANDON T. LOSACKER ALAN KEVAN LOUIE BRIAN R. LOW BRYAN S. LOWE JEREMY E. LOYD NATHAN A. LOYD MICHAEL DAVID LUCAS ANDREW J. LUECKENHOFF DARIN E. LUPINI JEREMY J. LYDIC JOHN LYFORD V CHRISTOPHER R. MACDONALD JENNIFER MORGAN MACK KATHERINE C. MACK BRANDON K. MACKAY ERIC R. MADDOX STEPHEN D. MADDOX JOHN J. MADSEN DAVID T. MADSON JOSEPH L. MAGUADOG ANDREW J. MAGUIRE DAVID M. MAHAN JUSTIN MAHONEY LOGAN ORION MAILLOUX ZARINE E. MALESRA JOHN T. MALLORY TYRONE C. MANEGDEG TIMOTHY P. MANNING RYAN P. MANSFIELD ERNEST M. MARAMBA CHRISTOPHER J. MARRIOTT MARY KATHERINE MARSHALL CHRISTOPHER R. MARSLENDER ADRIAN I. MARTIN ALICE MARIE MARTIN TERRY R. MARTIN, JR. OSCAR R. MARTINEZ MATTHEW F. MATIS ANDREW J. MAUS AARON M. MAYER VICTORIA J. MAYO DORINDA MUSITANO MAZZA RYAN MICHAEL MCADAMS DAVID M. MCALROY DEREK J. MCCAFFERTY JASON BRUCE MCCLURE MICHAEL J. MCCOURT JOHN P. MCCOY JAMES R. MCCUE SEAN W. MCCURDY LOUIS P. MCDANELD LLOYD E. MCDONALD SHANNON A. MCDOUGALD KRISTI MCELMURRY ERIC T. MCEWEN CHESTER D. MCFARLAND ROBERT A. MCGOWAN II MICHAEL D. MCGRATH KALY M. MCKENNA BARRY V. MCKEOWN MICHAEL K. MCKINNEY TROY ANDREW MCLAIN WALTER MCMILLAN IV CHARLES MANLEY MCNIEL AMY L. MCQUITTY DANIEL P. MCVAY AMBER E. MCVEIGH SCOTT E. MEARS JAMES CROMARTIE MELVIN CHAD MESSINIO RANDY M. METZGER CASEY DANIEL MEYER DALLAS P. MIKAELSEN BRIAN Y. MILLER JEFFERY M. MILLER JESSE P. MILLER RYAN S. MILLER HERBERT F. MILLET III JONATHAN L. MILLS PATRICK J. MILLS BRYAN J. MINATEL JOSEPH S. MIRANDA CHRISTOPHER STEPHAN MISER JARED L. MITCHELL LYDANKO V. MITCHELL RYAN P. MITTELSTET GENTRY L. MOBLEY DANIEL T. MODROW THOMAS HAROLD MONCRIEF III WILLIAM PAUL MONCRIEFF DANIEL R. MONTES REBEKAH G. MONTGOMERY ROBERT ANTHONY MOORS NICHOLAS L. MORGANS STARGELL A. MOSLEY MICHAEL E. MOSS KARI K. MOTT NATHAN CHANDLER MOTT PETER RICHARD MOUGHAN III ERIC DWAYNE MOWLES DUSTIN J. MOWREY HEATHER MARIA MUELLER JEREMY S. MULLEN BRYAN DANIEL MUNDHENK CHRISTOPHER J. MUNDY SCOTT DANIEL MUNN SHYAM R. MUNSHI DOUGLAS JAMES MURPHY MATTHEW MILNER MURPHY STEPHANIE ANN MURPHY TREVIN A. MURRAY MEGAN M. MURTISHAW MATTHEW R. MUSTAIN NATHANIEL ROSS NADDELL SUNIL K. NAIR RYAN A. NATALINI FRANCIS SHANE NAVARRO JAY M. NEESE MATTHEW BRETT NEFF JACK A. NELSON ROBERT A. NELSON SCOTT E. NELSON THOMAS R. NELSON JOEL JEFFREY NEUBER ERIC S. NEUBERT JASON M. NEWCOMER JOSEPH D. NEWKIRK THOMAS MICHAEL NEWLON JUSTIN FRANKLIN NEWTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.003 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3248 June 5, 2017 
LOC H. NGUYEN JOSEPH D. NICHOLS JONATHAN D. NIEBES JASON DONALD NIEDERHAUSER LETITIA BEATRICE NIELSEN ROBERT RAYMOND NOEL II KALEB CRAIG NORDGREN NICHOLAS BENTON NORGAARD JUSTIN W. NORTON JOSHUA B. NUCCIO JEFFREY DAVID NUNEZ DAMIAN XAVIER OCHS JONATHAN C. ODELL ROBERT J. OLIPANE RYAN P. OLISH JONATHAN H. OLIVA NATHAN P. OLSEN JAMES R. OLSON MATTHEW D. OLSON SCOTT A. OLSON JOHN P. OMEARA PAOLA S. ONDINA SHANNON E. ONEAL TOMOYUKI D. ONO SAMUEL RICHARD OPPELAAR II MICHAEL G. OPRESKO SEAN V. ORME RACHELLE RENEE OSBORN DAVID FRANKLIN OSTERHAUS TOMAS G. OWEN KELLY A. PADDEN LISA JOE PAGANO WALLACE LUIS F. PALACIOS DAVID NILES PALMER JAY TODD PANKEY DAVID F. PAOLILLO BRIAN E. PARADISE JASON NOEL PARKER SHAUN C. PARKER WILLIAM EVERETT PARKER IV JEFFREY M. PARRISH STEVEN MARVIN PAYNE RYAN M. PEARCE JEFFREY JAMES PEDERSEN WINSEN PEELE ZACH ALBERT PELLONARI CHRISTINA P. PEREZ MIKE A. PEREZ MATTHEW M. PERRIE THOMAS JAMES PERRY REDAHLIA S. PERSON ERIC R. PESCHELL CHRISTOPHER L. PHILLIPS ROBERT L. PHILLIPS II BRENTON M. PICKRELL CHRISTIAN J. PIERCE JAMES E. PIKE III DAVID F. PINA JAMES R. T. PINSON BRADLEY M. PIROLO NATHAN A. PITCHER DONELL D. PITTMAN III MATTHEW P. PLATT SETH D. PLATT RANDALL D. PLETZER MITCHELL R. POHLMAN JOSEPH CARLYLE POMAGER MARTIN POON DANIELLE N. POPE MATTHEW THOMAS POPE NATASHA N. PORCHER LAURA M. PORTER ROBERT A. PORTER FAITH K. POSEY JOHN D. POWELL CHRISTOPHER A. PRENTISS DANIEL L. PRESLAND NATHAN W. PREUSS JAMES W. PRITCHETT ZACHARY A. PROBST MATTHEW T. PROCHAZKA NELSON J. PROUTY DOUGLAS M. PRUITT JASON G. PRUITT CHRISTOPHER M. PUGH THOMAS R. PURDIE CHRISTOPHER R. PUSTKA ROBERT C. RADESKY, JR. LEVI A. RAINS JACK J. RAITT II KELLY DEAN RAKES JE HUI RALEY JUSTIN BERNARD RAMSEY RUTH J. RANDOLPH JESSICA YE RAPER JOSHUA D. RASMUSSEN LANCE JAY RATTERMAN TIMOTHY J. RAWSON VINCENT A. REA STEVEN B. REAGAN ADAM T. RECTOR VERNON F. REDDICK SHAWN M. REDMOND JEREMY W. REGANS BRADLEY GLEN REICK CHRISTOPHER A. REID PETER J. REILEY ERIC B. REINHART CHARLES F. RESTALL JACK W. RHODES III JOHN C. RICE, JR. EDWARD FRANCIS RICHARDS BRIAN MICHAEL RICKERT, JR. MICHAEL E. RIDLEY JUSTIN M. RIESTER GREGORY A. RILEY RYAN X. RILEY PHILIPP E. RISSEEUW MATTHEW A. RITENOUR AARON W. RITTGERS NATHAN A. RIVINIUS MICHAEL J. ROBB ANDREW JAMES ROBERTS JASON EDMOND ROBERTS DAVID M. ROBERTSON CHRISTOPHER R. ROBINSON ERIC H. ROBINSON MATTHEW H. ROBINSON JAMES P. RODGERS MARCUS RODRIGUEZ ARCHILLA CLEVE P. RODRIGUEZ VIDA JACOB ROEDER WILLIAM JOHN ROEDL WAYNE C. ROHE DON E. ROLLEG JOSEPH ROMANRAMIREZ CHRISTOPHER M. RONDEAU GARY EDWARD ROOS KRISTOPHER W. RORBERG BETH ANN ROSARIO RYAN A. ROSE TAMMY A. ROSE WILLIAM E. ROSE EVAN P. ROTH BILLIE K. ROTHWELL BRANDI ROUNTREE JAMES M. ROWLAND SAMUEL J. ROYAL JAMES T. RUBY MICHELLE C. RUEHL KENYATTA HENTS RUFFIN SCOTT T. RUPPEL CHRISTINA F. E. RUSNOCK MARION M. RUSSELL JOHN D. RYAN THOMAS M. RYAN, JR. TIMOTHY C. RYAN MICHAEL J. SACKENHEIM BENJAMIN E. SAKRISSON ERICK L. SAKS ANDREW C. SALLOUM AARON R. SANDERS MARIETTA ELIZABETH SANDERS MICHAEL FRED SANDERS RICHARD PAUL SANDWICK MATTHEW P. SANERA MATTHEW A. SARTORI JONATHAN SAWTELLE TIMOTHY R. SAXTON JASON P. SCALZITTI COLLEEN SUE SCHAELLING JASON LEE SCHENCK RYAN F. SCHIFFNER CHRISTOPHER C. SCHLAGHECK SCOTT PAUL SCHLEGELMILCH KEVIN WALTER SCHMAEMAN ERIK J. SCHMID RYAN T. SCHMID KURT A. SCHMIDBAUER MICHAEL B. SCHMIDT DAREK M. SCHMIEDEBUSCH MATTHEW M. SCHMUNK BENJAMIN J. SCHNEIDER SCOTT D. SCHOFIELD RAYMOND W. SCHOLZ DANIEL J. SCHONE DANIEL B. SCHRECK RICK G. SCHUESSLER CLAYTON W. SCHUETY JOHN M. SCIUTO JOHN REBER SCOTT DONALD A. SEABLOM ETHEL N. SEABROOKHENNESSY CHRISTOPHER E. SEAMANS DANIEL CHARLES SEBECK JUSTIN D. SETTLES KRISTEN D. SHADDEN MICHAEL AYOUB SHAHEN CHARLES C. SHAW DALBERT R. SHAW AARON B. SHEETS DAVID A. SHEPHERD JEREMY W. SHEPPARD BRETT A. SHILLING JASON WILLIAM SHIRLEY MICHAEL J. SHIRLEY ADAM JOSEPH SHOCKLEY EVAN M. SHOLLY ETAI SHPAK AARON W. SICK NICHOLAS D. SIGLER CARLY M. SIMS JOHN S. SISLER CHRISTOPHER J. SKOUTAS BRIAN L. SLADE JAMES C. SLAYTON IAN M. SLAZINIK WILLIAM E. SLOTTER MATTHEW N. SLUSHER GAIL M. SMICKLAS ARCHIE SMITH, JR. DAVID J. SMITH GREGORY GERALD SMITH JARED J. SMITH JENNIFER A. SMITH JOCELYN M. SMITH KATRINA E. SMITH KENNETH J. SMITH MARK H. SMITH MELISSA R. SMITH PEYTON S. SMITH DAVID M. SORRELS JACOB S. SOTIRIADIS CHERONDA V. SPANN BRYAN THOMAS SPARKMAN CHARLES C. SPAULDING JAMES IRA SPEAKES GRANT E. SPEAR DAVID J. SPELLMAN MARK E. SPENCER SCOTT W. SPICER AARON JOSEPH SPRECHER JUSTIN B. SPRING SCOTTY LYNN SPROLES ANTHONY T. ST AUBYN KRISTA N. ST ROMAIN ADRIENNE L. STAHL JOSEPH H. STALLINGS DAVID M. STAMPER BRIAN J. STANISZEWSKI CHRISTOPHER R. STAPENHORST DALE A. STARK SEAN DANIEL STAVELY MATTHEW J. STEELE MATTHEW B. STEENMAN PAMELA TAN STEIN BRIAN K. STEINKE CHAUNCEY A. STERN JACOB T. STEVENS ANDREW J. STEWART CHAD R. STEWART TIMOTHY L. STOKES ANDREW T. STOLEE ZACHARY A. STOLP BRIAN BENEDICT STONE SAMUEL J. STONE JEREMY L. STOVER LUKE R. STOVER DENNIS M. STRASSER ALLYSON P. STRICKLAND WILLIAM L. STRICKLAND MATTHEW STRICKLER JOHN ROBERT STRIPLING CHRISTOPHER C. STROLE JESPER R. STUBBENDORFF JESSE D. STUBBS JOSHUA A. STULTS BRENT R. SUERDIECK JACOB P. SULLIVAN JOSHUA S. SULLIVAN MARGARET ANN SULLIVAN ANTHONY SUTTON PERRY C. SWEAT CHRISTOPHER D. SWEENEY KEVIN P. SWEENEY EDWARD W. TALLEY JARED B. TANNER MATTHEW E. TARNOWSKI EVAN T. TATGE BRIAN J. TAYLOR CHARLIE JAMES TAYLOR NATHAN WILLIAM TAYLOR SCOTT TAYLOR THOMAS M. TAYLOR STEPHEN E. TEEPLE CHRISTOPHER LOUIS TEKE JOEL G. THESING AARON HOUSTON THOMAS BRIAN C. THOMASSON ANDREW PAUL THOMPSON DAVID M. THOMPSON ERIC W. THOMPSON JARED D. THOMPSON JASON I. THOMPSON SCOTT MICHAEL THOMPSON TIMOTHY A. THOREN ADAM F. THORNTON LEIGH R. THORNTON RYAN K. THORNTON GRANT D. THRELFALL ANDREA GAIL TILESTON BRIAN A. TILESTON PAUL W. TINKER MATTHEW E. TIPTON DOUGLAS J. TODD JOHN D. TOEPHER JOSHUA IAN TOLK JARED A. TOMLIN KATHRYN M. TOMS STEVEN C. TORRES CHAD C. TOSSELL NATHANIEL W. TOTTEN CLINT MATHEW TOWNSEND JAMES D. TOWNSEND ERIC M. TRAD JOSEF H. TRAINOR KEVIN K. TRAN MERIDEE J. TRIMBLE MATTHEW K. TROMANS JASON E. TROUTMAN STEPHANIE A. TRUSTY DENNIS TRUTWIN ARRON J. TULICK MATTHEW W. TULL KARLOS G. L. TUNGOL ANTHONY P. TYDINGCO TODD V. TYLER SCOTT MATTHEW TYLEY KURT J. UMLAUF ROMAN TIMOTHY UNDERWOOD DANIEL A. URBAN PETER J. USHER ORION Q. VAIL CRAIG J. VAN BEUSEKOM STEVEN W. VANDEN BOS JOHN F. VANDENBEMDEN MICAH B. VANDERVEEN RAYMUNDO M. VANN, JR. KRISALYN J. VAUGHN THOMAS VEILLEUX RICK E. VERMILLION 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.005 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3249 June 5, 2017 
TASHA E. VICK JOSEPH ANDREW VIDEC BRIE H. VIHLEN CHRISTOPHER B. VOGLER ERIC L. VOLK LIM DINH VU MICHAEL J. VYN JOHN D. WADDELL NATASHA L. WAGGONER RONNIE R. WALDEN JESSE GEORGE WALES DAVID ODIS WALKER MICHAEL M. WALKER NATHANIEL S. WALKER NICKLAUS M. WALKER JOHN SILAS WALLACE SCOTT T. WALLACE GREGORY J. WALSH JOHN T. WALSH KURT CARL WAMPOLE, JR. RYAN R. WARD JASON W. WARE JUSTIN J. WARNAAR CLINTON G. WARNER ABBE H. WARREN JENNIFER M. WARREN JERAD T. WARREN KIMBERLY ANN KUHNS WATSON KEVIN J. WEAVER AARON M. WEBB CHRISTOPHER K. WEE MICHAEL PATRICK WEEKS ROBERT B. WEHMEYER CHRISTOPHER SCOTT WEIR MICHAEL ROY WELCH BRIAN M. WELDE DALE J. WELLER KURT H. WELLHAUSEN ANDREW A. WELLS MICHAEL E. WELSER DAVID T. WELT JONATHAN F. WENTZEL JOSHUA TYE WERNER TYLER THOMAS WESTERBERG BRYAN L. WETZEL ALEX R. WHITE BRANDON C. WHITE CHRISTOPHER J. WHITE ETHAN A. WHITE JASON THOMAS WHITE RYAN J. WHITE STEVEN L. WHITSON JEFFREY NEAL WHITTAKER DANIEL J. WILCOX NATHANIEL D. WILDS JAMIE HOUSTON WILEY BRIAN A. WILKEN AARON W. WILLIAMS EDWARD WAYNE WILLIAMS JARED M. WILLIAMS JASON O. WILLIAMS JASON PAUL WILLIAMS MICHAEL C. WILLIAMS MICHAEL D. WILLIAMS MICHAEL L. WILLIAMS NATHAN A. WILLIAMS VICTORIA CAROLINE WILLIAMS RYAN E. WILMES JUSTIN P. WILSON KEVIN D. WILSON JESSE R. WINKELS CHRISTOPHER S. WIREMAN DERICK J. WOLF ALEX C. WOLFARD CRISTOPHER R. WOOD EMILY A. WOOD SCOTT F. WOOD SCOTT C. WOODBREY BRIAN GREGORY WOOLLEY HEATHER M. WOOTEN MATTHEW C. WROTEN MATTHEW C. WUNDERLICH JODY L. WYNANS BRIAN H. YATES MARY C. YELNICKER NATHAN P. YERRICK JOHN M. YORK TIMOTHY E. YOUNG MICHAWN ANQUIN YUVIENCO KARENA K. ZALOUDEK SCOTT A. ZARBO CHRISTOPHER J. ZAWORSKI, JR. RICHARD W. ZEIGLER TIMOTHY W. ZENS JONATHAN LAWRENCE ZENTNER SCOTT A. ZICARELLI ANDREAS ZIEGLER TODD M. ZIELINSKI SARAH J. ZIMMERMAN MICHAEL D. ZOLLARS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MEGAN E. ANDERSON ELLIOT R. BLACKMAN LISSETE R. BOOKER DANIELLE L. BRADFORD JENNIFER L. CHENOWETH BROOKS H. CRANE JODY MICHAEL CRISP KIMBERLY A. EDWARDS AMBER J. EL AMIN MATTHEW STEVEN EVERETTE DOSSY B. FELTS, JR. WILLIAM M. FRECHETTE NICHOLAS R. FREESE THOMAS ANTHONY GANGI JASON M. GLITZ GAYLAN A. GRAY TY JOSHUA HANSON JOSEPH S. HENNEY RACHEL S. JACKSON JAMES WEIR JORDAN, JR. CHERRIZA S. KELLOGG MAURICE DELANE LEWIS II DAVID M. LUTZ RALPH W. ONESKO FREDRIC M. ORCUTT II THERESA ANN PAXTON CHANDRAMOULI RAJARAM RUSSELL J. RAMSEY ONEEKA R. RIVERS SEAN D. ROTBART SAMUEL FULTON SELLS JIMMIE DALE SOUTHWOOD CHARLIE D. STEVENS JERRY W. THOMPSON, JR. TAVEYA TAMARR WARE RAJEEV S. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
DORI M. BAKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MARK D. DELVECCHIO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 1552: 
To be colonel 
ENRIQUE J. GWIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 1552: 
To be colonel 
MATTHEW J. WHIAT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSE G. BAL 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOSEPH B. DORE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CHRISTOPHER M. CHUNG 
To be major 
HEATH D. HOLT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
DEVIN G. MCCANE SHARRI L. ORMSBEE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
JANNA X. GADDY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY MED-ICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
BRADLEY H. STEPHENS AMILYN M. TAPLIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY MED-ICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
TERRY KIM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JEFF A. BURCHFIELD NEIL G. CAMPBELL DUSTIN R. CRAPSE HUNG M. DIEP JEREMY T. GEROT EDWARD J. GOMEZ JOHN P. HORN DECIRAY R. HUQ EDWARD M. KASPAR ALLAN C. KEITT KERI L. MOLINA PAUL J. STAMBAUGH JOHN R. TATUM II JOSHUA E. THOMPSON FORREST C. VAUGHN IV BRIAN D. WIECK IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
MIGUEL A. SANTIESTEBAN 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 25, 2017: 
THE JUDICIARY  
AMUL R. THAPAR, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
DAVID L. NORQUIST, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE (COMPTROLLER). KARI A. BINGEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A PRINCIPAL DEP-UTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. ROBERT STORY KAREM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANTSECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. SEAN L. MURPHY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN A. OKON CAPT. MICHAEL W. STUDEMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. EDWARD L. ANDERSON CAPT. STUART P. BAKER CAPT. MICHAEL D. BERNACCHI, JR. CAPT. FRANK M. BRADLEY CAPT. DANIEL L. CHEEVER CAPT. YVETTE M. DAVIDS CAPT. BRIAN P. FORT CAPT. PETER A. GARVIN CAPT. WILLIAM J. HOUSTON CAPT. SARA A. JOYNER CAPT. FREDERICK W. KACHER CAPT. TIMOTHY C. KUEHHAS CAPT. CARL A. LAHTI CAPT. ANDREW J. LOISELLE CAPT. DOUGLAS G. PERRY CAPT. FRED I. PYLE CAPT. ERIK M. ROSS CAPT. PAUL J. SCHLISE CAPT. JAMES P. WATERS III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRADFORD J. SHWEDO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GIOVANNI K. TUCK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE VICE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE ARMY AND AP-POINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3034: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JAMES C. MCCONVILLE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.006 S05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3250 June 5, 2017 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 3037 AND 3064: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. STUART W. RISCH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS C. SEAMANDS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MARK E. BLACK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MATTHEW V. BAKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CHRIS R. GENTRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT A. KARMAZIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MARION GARCIA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH E. WHITLOCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MIGUEL A. CASTELLANOS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WINDSOR S. BUZZA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RANDALL V. SIMMONS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL D. WICKMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CARL A. ALEX BRIG. GEN. FRANCIS M. BEAUDETTE BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER F. BENTLEY BRIG. GEN. GARY M. BRITO BRIG. GEN. PATRICK W. BURDEN BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH R. CALLOWAY BRIG. GEN. PAUL T. CALVERT BRIG. GEN. PAUL A. CHAMBERLAIN BRIG. GEN. RONALD P. CLARK BRIG. GEN. BRIAN P. CUMMINGS BRIG. GEN. EDWIN J. DEEDRICK, JR. BRIG. GEN. RODNEY D. FOGG BRIG. GEN. ROBIN L. FONTES BRIG. GEN. MARIA R. GERVAIS BRIG. GEN. KAREN H. GIBSON BRIG. GEN. DAVID P. GLASER BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM H. GRAHAM, JR. BRIG. GEN. JAMES B. JARRARD BRIG. GEN. GARY W. JOHNSTON BRIG. GEN. MITCHELL L. KILGO BRIG. GEN. RONALD KIRKLIN BRIG. GEN. JOHN S. KOLASHESKI BRIG. GEN. VIET X. LUONG BRIG. GEN. PATRICK E. MATLOCK BRIG. GEN. BRIAN J. MENNES BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY L. MILHORN BRIG. GEN. JAMES J. MINGUS BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER J. SHARPSTEN BRIG. GEN. JOHN P. SULLIVAN BRIG. GEN. FRANK W. TATE BRIG. GEN. DANIEL R. WALRATH BRIG. GEN. BRIAN E. WINSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR PROMOTION IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GEN-ERAL’S CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624, 3037, AND 3064: To be brigadier general 
COL. SUSAN K. ARNOLD COL. JOSEPH B. BERGER III COL. ROBERT P. HUSTON THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RICHARD J. LEBEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TODD W. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. GEORGE N. APPENZELLER COL. TELITA CROSLAND 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STEVEN R. RUDDER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LAURA J. RICHARDSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601, 3037, AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant general 
BRIG. GEN. CHARLES N. PEDE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. PHILLIP G. SAWYER 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRIAN D. BEAUDREAULT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JAMES E. THOMPSON, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOHANNA K. REAM, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL R. AGUIRRE AND ENDING WITH PETER LAWRENCE ZALEWSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 10, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF KALIE K. ROTT, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF NORMA A. HILL, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF FRANK C. PESCATELLO, JR., TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BASIM M. YOUNIS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF STANLEY F. GOULD, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF SCOTT W. FISHER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GARY L. BEATY AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL A. M. WILSON, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 24, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANIEL J. CON-VEY AND ENDING WITH PHILIP A. HORTON, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 24, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SOPHIA DALCE AND ENDING WITH BURKE LENZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 24, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAWN E. ELLIOTT, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF D012528, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BENJAMIN W. HILLNER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CELINA S. PARGO, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF PAUL R. AMBROSE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES L. DUNGCA AND ENDING WITH NATHAN S. LANHAM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 24, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHARLES R. BURNETT, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PABLO F. DIAZ, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CRAIG A. NAZARETH, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIAN C. MCLEAN, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF RAYMOND C. CASTELINE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF DANIEL J. SHANK, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER W. DEGN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JASON T. KIDDER, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF TITO M. VILLANUEVA, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PHILIP J. DACUNTO, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF STEPHEN R. NOVEMBER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LUISA SANTIAGO, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERT J. BONNER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MOHAMAD EL SAMAD, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF LANA J. BERNAT, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF PATRICK K. SULLIVAN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DEREK L. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH JAMES M. YATES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 10, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RODNEY ABRAMS AND ENDING WITH D010081, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 10, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTINE N. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH CHARLETTE K. WOODARD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 10, 2017. IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK S. JIMISON AND ENDING WITH SHAWN P. WONDERLICH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JASON G. LACIS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF KEVIN J. GOODWIN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JAVIER E. VEGA, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF SERGIO L. SANDOVAL, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF MICHAEL S. STEVENS, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF PATRICK J. MULLEN, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RAY-MOND L. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH DOUGLAS S. WOODHAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATEAND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 10, 2017. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF SUSAN M. MCGARVEY, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF SHEILA I. ALMENDRAS- FLAHERTY, TO BE COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF ADRIAN D. RAGLAND, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER R. DESENA, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF KENNETH L. DEMICK, JR., TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL C. BRATLEY, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF EVAN M. COLBERT, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF LUCIANA SUNG, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM A. SCHULTZ, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM L. MCCOY, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF CHRIS F. WHITE, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF KARL M. KINGRY, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Sep 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\JUNE\S05JN7.REC S05JN7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3251 June 5, 2017 
NAVY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL A. POLITO, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF RAYMOND J. CARLSON, JR., TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER M. ALLEN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF AARON L. WITHERSPOON, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JOHN E. FRITZ, TO BE CAPTAIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.021 S05JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE755 June 5, 2017 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 6, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 7 Time to be announced Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. S–216 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the USDA Forest Service. SD–124 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, focusing on administration per-spectives. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kristine L. Svinicki, of Vir-ginia, Annie Caputo, and David Wright, each to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, and Russell Vought, of Vir-ginia, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Management and Budget, and Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, Depart-ment of Homeland Security. SD–342 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act. SH–216 10:15 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, and David Malpass, of New York, to be an Under Secretary, Andrew K. Maloney, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of the Treasury. SD–215 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Army. SD–192 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. SD–138 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. SD–192 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense nuclear acquisition pro-grams and the nuclear doctrine. SR–222 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. SD–608 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine working to improve the National Park Service workplace environment. SD–366 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Vet-erans Choice Program and the future of care in the community. SR–418 3 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Library of Con-gress and the Architect of the Capitol. SD–124 JUNE 8 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2018 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and the nominations of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and Makan Delrahim, of California, Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, and Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Alabama, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, all of the Department of Justice, David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Prop-erty Enforcement Coordinator, Execu-tive Office of the President, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Di-rector of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security. SD–226 9:45 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018. SD–215 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Commerce. SD–192 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine fostering economic growth, focusing on the role of financial institutions in local com-munities. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board. SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05JN8.000 E05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE756 June 5, 2017 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine cost reduc-tions in emerging energy technologies with a specific focus on how recent trends may affect today’s energy land-scape. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar business; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine be-yond Iraq and Syria, focusing on ISIS’s global reach. SD–419 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine certain in-telligence matters relating to the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation. SH–216 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine economic aspects of the opioid crisis. LHOB–1100 1 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 JUNE 13 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Justice. SD–192 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1250, to amend the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act to improve the recruitment and retention of employees in the In-dian Health Service, restore account-ability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, S. 1275, to im-prove the housing conditions and pro-mote useful land uses within tribal communities, and an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘HUD/VA Veterans Affairs Sup-portive Housing’’. SD–628 JUNE 14 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine S. 440, to es-tablish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 677, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new sur-face water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Ag-riculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, S. 685, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-thority System and the Musselshell- Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, S. 930, to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administra-tion to establish a pilot project to pro-vide increased transparency for cus-tomers, S. 1012, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1029, to amend the Pub-lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to exempt certain small hydro-electric power projects that are apply-ing for relicensing under the Federal Power Act from the licensing require-ments of that Act, and S. 1030, to re-quire the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on certain hydropower projects. SD–366 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine military caregivers, focusing on families serving for the long run. SD–106 JUNE 27 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Labor. SD–138 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JUNE 8 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine agency ap-proaches to reorganization, focusing on Office of Management and Budget’s memorandum on the Federal work-force. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05JN8.000 E05JNPT1
D601 Monday, June 5, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3235–S3251 Measures Introduced: One bill and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 1290, and S. Res. 184.
                                                                                  Page S3242 
Measures Reported: S. 61, to remove the sunset provision of section 203 of Public Law 105–384 and for other purposes. (S. Rept. No. 115–88) S. 1129, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–89) S. 88, to ensure appropriate spectrum planning and interagency coordination to support the Internet of Things. (S. Rept. No. 115–90) H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accel-erate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better en-able such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, with amendments. S. Res. 18, reaffirming the United States-Argen-tina partnership and recognizing Argentina’s eco-nomic reforms, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 114, expressing the sense of the Senate on humanitarian crises in Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan, and Yemen, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute and with an amended preamble. 
                                                                                            Page S3242 
Measures Passed: 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jeru-salem: By a unanimous vote of 90 yeas (Vote No. 138), Senate agreed to S. Res. 176, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jeru-salem.
                                                                       Pages S3235–38 Relative to the Death of Former Senator Jim Bunning: Senate agreed to S. Res. 184, relative to the death of James Paul David ‘‘Jim’’ Bunning, former United States Senator for the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
                                                        Pages S3244–45 
Measures Considered: Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act— Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s bal-listic missile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights. 
                                                                                            Page S3239 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Wednesday, June 7, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page S3239 
Elwood Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, Sen-ate resume consideration of the nomination of Court-ney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency, under the previous order of Thursday, May 25, 2017.
                    Page S3245 
Nominations Confirmed: On Thursday, May 25, 2017, Senate confirmed the following nominations: By 52 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 137), Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. David L. Norquist, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary of Defense (Comptroller). Kari A. Bingen, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Robert Story Karem, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 54 Army nominations in the rank of general. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD602 June 5, 2017 
2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 22 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S3249–51 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Henry Kerner, of California, to be Special Coun-sel, Office of Special Counsel, for the term of five years. 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 44 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S3245–49 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S3241–42 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3242 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3242–44 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—138)
                                                                Page S3238 Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Senator Jim Bunning, in accordance with S. Res. 184, at 6:33 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 6, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3245.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
ISIS’S GLOBAL REACH Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on beyond Iraq and Syria, focusing on ISIS’s global reach from Justin Siberell, Acting Coor-dinator for Counterterrorism, Bureau of Counterter-rorism and Countering Violent Extremism, and Con-rad Tribble, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, both of the Depart-ment of State; and John Mulligan, Deputy Director, National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 6, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
COUNTERING CORRUPTION IN THE OSCE REGION Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: On Thursday, June 1, 2017, Commission received a briefing on countering corruption in the Organiza-tion for Security and Cooperation in Europe region, focusing on returning ill-gotten assets and closing safe havens from Charles Davidson, Hudson Institute Kleptocracy Initiative, Ken Hurwitz, Open Society Justice Initiative, and Brian Campbell, all of Wash-ington, D.C. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D559) 
S. 419, to require adequate reporting on the Pub-lic Safety Officers’ Benefits program. Signed on June 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–36) S. 583, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law en-forcement officers. Signed on June 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–37) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Education, 10 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D603 June 5, 2017 year 2018 for Department of Defense military construc-tion and family housing, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to exam-ine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, and Pamela Hughes Patenaude, of New Hampshire, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider the nominations of Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Energy, Neil Chatterjee, of Kentucky, and Robert F. Powelson, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and David Bernhardt, of Vir-ginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 3 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2213, the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of June 5 through June 9, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agen-cy, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Court-ney Elwood, Senate will begin consideration of S. 1094, Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act, and vote on pas-sage of the bill at approximately 6:15 p.m. On Wednesday, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consider-ation of S. 722, Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Ac-tivities Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: June 6, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of Education, 10 a.m., SD–124. June 6, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for Department of Defense military construction and family housing, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. June 7, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the USDA Forest Service, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. June 7, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Army, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. June 7, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Develop-ment, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. June 7, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. June 7, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol, 3 p.m., SD–124. June 8, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Commerce, 10 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: June 6, to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. June 6, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. June 7, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine Department of Defense nuclear ac-quisition programs and the nuclear doctrine, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. June 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD604 June 5, 2017 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 6, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, and Pamela Hughes Patenaude, of New Hampshire, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. June 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine fostering economic growth, focusing on the role of finan-cial institutions in local communities, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: June 7, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 7, to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Adminis-tration reauthorization, focusing on administration per-spectives, 10 a.m., SR–253. June 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: June 6, busi-ness meeting to consider the nominations of Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Energy, Neil Chatterjee, of Kentucky, and Robert F. Powelson, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and David Bernhardt, of Vir-ginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. June 7, Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hear-ings to examine working to improve the National Park Service workplace environment, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. June 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine cost reductions in emerging energy technologies with a specific focus on how recent trends may affect today’s en-ergy landscape, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 7, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kristine L. Svinicki, of Virginia, Annie Caputo, and David Wright, each to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, and Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: June 7, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, and David Malpass, of New York, to be an Under Secretary, Andrew K. Maloney, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of the Treasury, 10:15 a.m., SD–215. June 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018, 9:45 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: June 5, to receive a closed briefing on beyond Iraq and Syria, focusing on ISIS’s global reach, 5 p.m., SVC–217. June 7, Full Committee, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. June 8, Full Committee, business meeting to consider pending calendar business; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine beyond Iraq and Syria, focusing on ISIS’s global reach, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: June 6, to hold hearings to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. June 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Neomi Rao, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, and Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Management and Budget, and Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: June 8, business meeting to consider S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and the nominations of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and Makan Delrahim, of California, Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, and Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Alabama, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, all of the Department of Justice, David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator, Executive Office of the President, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: June 7, to hold hearings to examine the Veterans Choice Program and the future of care in the community, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: June 6, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 3 p.m., SH–219. June 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, 10 a.m., SH–216. June 7, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to ex-amine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. June 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine certain intelligence matters relating to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 10 a.m., SH–216. June 8, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to ex-amine certain intelligence matters, 1 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, June 7, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: The Future of Inter-national Food Aid and Agricultural Development’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. June 8, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: SNAP Technology and Moderniza-tion’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D605 June 5, 2017 Committee on Appropriations, June 7, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Labor, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. June 7, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the National Science Foundation, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of the Interior, 9:30 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hear-ing on the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agen-cies, budget hearing on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 2 p.m., 2359 Ray-burn. June 9, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Customs and Border Protection FY18 Budget Request’’, 8 a.m., 2008 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, June 7, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Prior-ities and Posture of Missile Defeat Programs and Activi-ties’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. June 7, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Combat Aviation Modernization Pro-grams and the Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, June 7, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Economic and Fiscal Benefits of Pro- Growth Policies’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 8, Sub-committee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protec-tion, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Improving Con-sumer’s Financial Options with FinTech’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Role of the Department of Health and Human Services in Health Care Cybersecu-rity’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. June 9, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining H.R. 772, The Common Sense Nutrition Disclo-sure Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, June 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Flood Insurance Reform: A Taxpayer’s Perspective’’, 10:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hearing entitled ‘‘Virtual Currency: Financial Innovation and National Security Implications’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 7, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Energy Op-portunities in North America’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Attacking Hezbollah’s Financial Network: Policy Options’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, June 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Re-authorization and the President’s FY 2018 Budget Re-quest’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. June 8, Subcommittee on Transportation and Protec-tive Security, hearing entitled ‘‘How Can the United States Secret Service Evolve to Meet the Challenges Ahead?’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, June 8, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Library of Con-gress’ Information Technology Management’’, 10 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, June 8, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Department of Justice Grant Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Com-mercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘A Time to Reform: Oversight of the Activities of the Justice Depart-ment’s Civil, Tax and Environment and Natural Re-sources Divisions and the U.S. Trustee Program’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, June 7, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing on the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement’s Abandoned Mine Lands Pro-gram’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 7, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 1074, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’; H.R. 1901, the ‘‘Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017’’; and S. 249, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain re-stricted land, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. June 8, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 2083, the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act’’; and legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclama-tion projects or facilities, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 8, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Burdensome Litigation and Federal Bureaucratic Roadblocks to Manage our Nation’s Overgrown, Fire- Prone National Forests’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, June 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Fast and Furious, Six Years Later’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 8, Sub-committee on Science, Space, and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Budget for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD606 June 5, 2017 June 8, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act of 2017’’, 1:30 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, June 7, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2763, the ‘‘Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Im-provements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2594, the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Payment for Performance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2333, the ‘‘Small Business Investment Opportunity Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2364, the ‘‘Investing in Main Street Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2056, the ‘‘Microloan Modernization Act of 2017’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, June 7, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infra-structure for America: Coast Guard Sea, Land, and Air Capabilities’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. June 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Federal Aviation Administration Authorization’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, June 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Overcoming PTSD: Assessing VA’s Ef-forts to Promote Wellness and Healing’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, June 7, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare Advantage Hearing on Promoting Integrated and Coordinated Care for Medi-care Beneficiaries’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. June 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services’ Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request’’, 1 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: June 8, to hold hearings to ex-amine economic aspects of the opioid crisis, 10 a.m., 1100, Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D607 June 5, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accompanyingreport. A total of 87 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 153 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through May 31, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 84 82 . . Time in session ................................... 549 hrs., 5 ′ 367 hrs., 20′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 3,231 4,618 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 744 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 10 25 35 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 157 295 452 Senate bills .................................. 20 8 . . House bills .................................. 15 183 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 6 5 . . House joint resolutions ............... 14 16 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 5 7 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 93 72 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *119 *151 270 Senate bills .................................. 81 . . . . House bills .................................. 16 103 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 21 46 . . Special reports ..................................... 12 2 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 92 27 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,522 3,306 4,828 Bills ............................................. 1,279 2,768 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 43 104 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 17 63 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 183 371 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 137 142 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 142 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through May 31, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 144, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 43 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 75 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 26 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 378, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 347 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 31 Air Force nominations, totaling 1,747, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,734 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 13 Army nominations, totaling 3,260, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,151 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 109 Navy nominations, totaling 888, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 185 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 703 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,303, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,301 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 7,720 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 6,761 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 933 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 26 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD608 June 5, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Courtney Elwood, Senate will begin consideration of S. 1094, De-partment of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection Act, and vote on passage of the bill at approximately 6:15 p.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, June 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the Rules: 1) H. Res. 354—Condemning the violence against peaceful pro-testers outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future; 2) H.R. 390—Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017; and 3) H. Res. 355—Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming unwavering support for the special relationship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05JN7.REC D05JNPT1