Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2757 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2017 No. 60 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we thank You for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House to encourage them in their official tasks. Assure them that in the fulfillment of their responsibilities, You provide the grace to enable them to be faithful in their duties, and the wisdom to be conscious of their obligations to fulfill them with integrity. As the Congress looks to the upcom-ing holy celebrations of millions of Americans, may they, and may we all, be mindful of Your love for us. May we be faithful stewards not only of Your creation, but also Your desire that all people would be free from whatever in-hibits them to be fully alive. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. RUIZ led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING PAUL SMITH’S COL-LEGE FOR THEIR COMMITMENT TO VETERANS (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to praise a school in my district that is going the extra mile to ensure that our heroes are given the resources and opportunities they deserve. On April 22, Paul Smith’s College in my district will hold the grand opening of their Veterans Resource Center—a project made possible through grants from the Holder Family Foundation and the Fred L. Emerson Foundation. This center will provide vets on cam-pus with an important recreational re-source and place to study, as well as house the Paul Smith’s College Vet-eran’s Club. Paul Smith’s has a proud tradition of service with our Armed Forces dating back to when the campus was first built during World War II and was used as a U.S. Army Signal Corps training center. Since then, the school has upheld their commitment to our servicemem-bers, working with several organiza-tions to ease the transition from serv-ice to academia for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak on the House floor today to recognize the special work being done for our he-roes by Paul Smith’s College. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF CHIEF MASTER SERGEANT SHIRLEY POWELL (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, Air Force Chief Master Sergeant Shirley Powell of Cathedral City exemplified our Na-tion’s highest values of dedication to public service. She passed away last month, March 2017. Her legacy of lead-ership is a constant source of inspira-tion. I am humbled to have called her my constituent and my friend. Chief Master Sergeant Powell joined the U.S. Air Force in 1962, where she served for 38 years. She opened impor-tant doors for women in our military. She was the first woman to have achieved the rank of chief master ser-geant in the Air National Guard 146th Airlift Wing and to be selected for the special duty of first sergeant. She continued to serve the Coachella Valley after her retirement in numer-ous veterans’ organizations. She be-came a life member of the Palm Springs Air Force Association, and was also selected to serve on the Riverside County Veterans’ Advisory Committee. She served on my Congressional Vet-erans’ Advisory Board and Military Academy Nominations Committee. Her advice and counsel were invaluable to me. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to recog-nize Chief Master Sergeant Powell and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.000 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2758 April 6, 2017 
add her story and contributions to our Nation’s record. Her distinguished ca-reer is an example of excellence, dedi-cation, and service to our Nation. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MICHAEL HAIN OF NITTANY MEDIA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michael Hain, general manager and chief technology officer of Nittany Media, for being named Independent Tech Executive of the Year by Cablefax magazine. Michael was a second-generation ex-ecutive. Nittany Media is a locally owned and operated cable provider that has served rural Pennsylvania since 1957. They are credited with bringing the internet to some very rural areas as early as 1997. His parents, Harry and Anna Hain, founded the business, and Michael has been actively involved since he was a child. He climbed his first cable tower at age 3 during a neighbor’s barbecue. Michael told a news outlet: ‘‘When the other kids were going down to the river fishing, my dad and I were going up to the mountain with an inch-and-a-quar-ter mast with an antenna. And we were fishing too; fishing for a distant sig-nal.’’ A love for cable runs deep for Michael Hain. On behalf of the people of the Fifth Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania, I extend my sincere congratula-tions to Michael Hain of Nittany Media for this outstanding achievement. 
f 
APPOINT A SPECIAL COUNSEL TO INVESTIGATE RUSSIAN CONNEC-TIONS (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, an-other week in Washington and, yet, more evidence mounts; our election and the White House have been com-promised by Russia. This week we learned one of the President’s informal advisers—a mer-cenary who founded the company Blackwater—met secretly with a Putin representative and attempted to estab-lish back-channel conversations be-tween the Trump administration and Russia. Remember, this comes after we found out the President’s son-in-law met with Russian banking officials. It comes after it was reported that the Attorney General likely perjured him-self before Congress about his own meeting with Russians. Sadly, it comes after there were chemical weapons attacks in Syria. Let us recall that Assad’s closest ally in that horrific civil war has been—you guessed it—Russia. It is imperative we unearth all of the links between this administration, Russia, and Russia’s hacking of our election. The House Intelligence Com-mittee’s investigation has become a farce. We need a thorough, independent investigation. Appoint a special coun-sel now. f 
HONORING THE PERRY TECHNICAL INSTITUTE (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Perry Technical Institute, a technical school serving the students of the Yakima Valley in Washington’s Fourth Congressional District. Since its founding, Perry Tech has focused on educating and preparing students for real-world employment in fields such as welding, instrumenta-tion, carpentry, machining, and manu-facturing. These programs provide stu-dents practical experience as well as skills in time management, goal set-ting, and financial literacy. A recent study of economic mobility conducted of nearly 700 technical schools from around the Nation ranked Perry Tech number one for having graduates move from low income into the top 20 percent of earners. With an astoundingly high job placement rate of 93 percent, it is clear that Perry Technical Institute is providing its stu-dents with the skills they need to excel in the workplace. Please join me in celebrating Perry Technical Institute’s success. 
f 
NATIONAL YOUTH VIOLENCE PREVENTION WEEK (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to be a Member of this House and to serve the public. This week I an-nounced that it is National Youth Vio-lence Prevention Week. Preventing youth violence can’t happen overnight. It requires change across our society, from our courts to our classrooms. This week I introduced a package of bills to correct these problems that we have imposed upon our children and our communities. I urge my colleagues to get serious about these issues. Our children are our future. We owe our children every opportunity. We owe our children a system that works with them and for them. It is not a system that is out to get them. We do not owe our children a system that allows them to be in our streets and to not be safe. For example, to make sure that our children are safe, means that we have safer communities. Right now the United States of Amer-ica has a criminal justice system that spends over $80 billion a year to incar-cerate men, women, and children. And who do these adults incarcerated become eventually? Well, once they were children. We can correct the system. We are the most incarcerated place on the planet in every sense of the word. We can change this. We must change this for the sake of our communities. f 
NULLIFY RULE PROMULGATED BY FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to help set the record straight on the vote last week to roll back the Federal Communications Commission’s flawed internet service provider rules. Since the internet was created, the Federal Trade Commission has been in charge of online privacy and has been largely successful in this mission. How-ever, last year, the Federal Commu-nications Commission overreached its authority by creating its own set of privacy rules that applied to a small group of internet service providers like Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T. This is why I joined my colleagues in the House to approve the Congressional Review Act to nullify this redundant rule promulgated by the FCC. The FCC claimed these rules would provide cus-tomers with strong security protec-tions, but, in reality, the FCC’s rules created confusion, an additional layer of bureaucratic red tape, and a false sense of privacy that did not exist. In fact, the head of both the FCC and FTC penned a joint op-ed recently sup-porting Congress’ decision. In their own words, we cleared the way to rein-state a rational and effective system for protecting consumer privacy. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SIKH HOLIDAY VAISAKHI (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the Sikh community in cele-brating Vaisakhi. In the San Joaquin Valley, I have the honor and the privi-lege to represent many diverse ethnic communities that are part of the mo-saic of America. The Sikh community is the Amer-ican story, for they are the story of im-migrants past and immigrants present that have come from all over the world to establish themselves as Americans and to build a better life for themselves and their family and add value to our country. So I am very proud, among so many ethnic groups, to be representing their interests here in our Nation’s Capital. On April 14, Vaisakhi is recognized by the Sikhs around the world, includ-ing thousands in California’s San Joa-quin Valley. On Vaisakhi, the Sikh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.002 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2759 April 6, 2017 
community celebrates a new year and new beginnings. We honored the progress of the Sikh community that first came to California at the turn of the 20th century for their shared val-ues, their family, their history, and the culture of Sikhism. This holiday also recognizes the best of what all cultures strive for, and it is time that we celebrate the common bonds that we share as Americans. Not-withstanding our differences, we know at the end of the day that bonds that we as Americans share are far stronger than whatever differences we may have. So I ask my colleagues to please join in celebrating this special tradition in the Sikh community. 
f 
HOUSE NEEDS TO STAY IN SESSION (Mr. GALLAGHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, in just a few hours, Members of this body are leaving for a 2-week recess without having resolved the significant ques-tion of funding the government. Funding expires only 3 days after we return—3 days—yet we are leaving. We are skipping town, but just yesterday, the chiefs of all of the military branches testified before this body about the damage another continuing resolution would do to our military. The leaders of the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, and the Air Force all testified that a continuing resolution would put our warfighters in greater danger, our Nation at greater risk, and the world less secure; yet we are leav-ing with our work unfinished. Our troops continue to serve, but we are leaving. In what other profession would you take a 2-week pause without actually finishing the job? Now, I know I am new to the House, but someone please tell me how this makes sense. We should stay in session and do what the American people sent us here to do: our jobs. 
f 
b0915 SUPPORTING AMERICA’S INNOVATORS ACT OF 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 242, I call up the bill (H.R. 1219) to amend the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemp-tion from the definition of an invest-ment company, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 242, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1219 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. INVESTOR LIMITATION FOR QUALIFYING VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of a quali-fying venture capital fund, 250 persons)’’ after ‘‘one hundred persons’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C)(i) The term ‘qualifying venture cap-ital fund’ means a venture capital fund that has not more than $10,000,000 in aggregate capital contributions and uncalled com-mitted capital, with such dollar amount to be indexed for inflation once every 5 years by the Commission, beginning from a measure-ment made by the Commission on a date se-lected by the Commission, rounded to the nearest $1,000,000. ‘‘(ii) The term ‘venture capital fund’ has the meaning given the term in section 275.203(l)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to submit extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we all know that small businesses and entrepreneurs are the heartbeat of the American economy. Access to financial capital is vital for entrepreneurs seeking to start up, op-erate, or expand their businesses. How-ever, gaining access to capital has re-mained an enduring challenge for many small businesses. The financial crisis and the Great Re-cession made the situation worse, frankly, as capital became increasingly hard to access from institutional banks and various capital market players. While conditions have improved some-what in recent years, many entre-preneurs continue to struggle with ac-cessing the capital they need to com-pete and to grow. In order to succeed, these companies need capital and credit, the lifeblood for growth, expansion, and job cre-ation. Yet the government continues to construct arbitrary walls that cut them off from essential financing, as smaller companies are caught in a sea of regulatory red tape created by Wash-ington bureaucrats. We know that 60 percent of all net new jobs that have come into this country, that have been created here in the United States, come from these small businesses. They are oftentimes S corporations, LLCs, sole proprietor-ships. Small companies often have such owners also be operators. They are working alongside their fellow employ-ees. That 60 percent of those jobs that have been created here in the United States isn’t just a one-time blip. That is over the last 20 years, the last two decades, that we have seen that trend. Congress has made strides in tai-loring the regulatory environment for smaller companies, no doubt, most no-tably when we passed, with strong bi-partisan support, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups, or JOBS, Act in 2012. This was a bipartisan bill that was signed into law by President Obama. The JOBS Act’s benefits are notable as more and more companies use its pro-visions to raise investment capital in both the public and private markets. The JOBS Act has raised the cap on investors in a privately held company from 500 to 2,000 investors, but the limit on the number of investors acting as a coordinated group to invest in a company remained at 100, where it has been since 1940, some 77 years ago. As noted by Kevin Laws of AngelList in his written testimony before our Capital Markets Subcommittee: ‘‘With online fundraising and general solicita-tion becoming more common because of the JOBS Act, companies are bump-ing up against the limit more fre-quently. The current limit . . . now acts as a brake on the amount of money the company wanted to raise, leaving tens of millions of dollars on the table that did not go into startups.’’ While H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act, a bipartisan bill introduced by the vice chairman of our Financial Services Committee, Representative P
ATRICK MCHENRY , and N
YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ of New York, would amend the cap currently contained in the Investment Company Act to allow 250 investors for a ‘‘qualified venture capital fund,’’ therefore enhancing angel investors’ ability to provide im-portant funding to small businesses. This bill is a very modest increase to the current exemption that has been in place for nearly 77 years. Modernizing this cap is long overdue and reflects to-day’s capital markets and the reality of the increasingly important role that angel investors and others play as they commit the funds necessary to help small businesses grow. The Securities and Exchange Com-mission, unfortunately, continues to ignore the backlog of good ideas to spur capital formation, which is rec-ommended by entrepreneurs, small businesses, and market participants from their annual SEC Government- Business Forum on Capital Formation. This is a forum that is put together an-nually. They take and solicit ideas. They want to hear from people that are in the marketplace to figure out what ways they could go to improve that. Unfortunately, they have not acted on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.004 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2760 April 6, 2017 
this, and in the SEC’s absence, Con-gress must act to promote market effi-ciency and capital formation. I think we can all agree that we sup-port smart regulation that protects in-vestors and maintains orderly and effi-cient markets. But outdated, excessive, and unnecessary regulation whose costs outweigh benefits is dumb regula-tion that overburdens smaller compa-nies. Let’s provide some regulatory re-lief by enacting the bipartisan bill that will ease the burdens on small busi-nesses and job creators and help foster capital formation and get Americans back to work. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to note, in a hearing that we had on this bill last Congress, it passed our com-mittee 52–2, including the ranking member voting for it. There were no dissenting minority views that were of-fered, and no amendments were offered at the Rules Committee on this. We have got a lot of consensus. I believe this is the right thing to do to move forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1219, the Sup-porting America’s Innovators Act, is legislation that certainly shows that sometimes we can get together and we can support a good idea. This act is such a thing. It shows how well we can work together to craft bipartisan solu-tions that support our Nation’s innovators and the jobs that they cre-ate. Last Congress, Mr. M
CHENRY came to me with a problem: Sophisticated angel investors who fund promising startup businesses want to pool their money together, but the law effectively caps them at 100 investors per fund. If more than 100 people want to invest, the fund is forced to exclude some of them from the deal to avoid registra-tion and regulation as an ‘‘investment company’’ under the securities laws. That means investors willing to com-mit capital are being turned away and startups are losing out on important early-stage funding. Because of Congresswoman N
YDIA V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. P ATRICK MCHENRY  working together, working out any concerns that had been identified on ei-ther side of the aisle, we now, today, have a piece of legislation, a bill, that would narrowly increase the investor limitation from 100 to 250 persons for certain venture capital funds, provided that the fund does not have more than $10 million in total investor capital. This type of fund structure is used today by AngelList, an angel investing platform that connects investors meet-ing certain income and asset thresh-olds with one another so they can pool their money into special-purpose funds which then invest them in a particular startup company. Importantly, both the companies and the investors ben-efit from this structure. Compared with making hundreds of smaller direct investments, a company, for example, only has as a single point of contact, the angel fund advised by a fiduciary, rather than hundreds of in-vestors who must all individually ap-prove corporate actions such as merg-ers and acquisitions and expanding ownership. Investors also like this structure be-cause they can delegate monitoring the startups they invest in to the invest-ment adviser to the fund. Such moni-toring may be significant, considering that investors, recognizing that most early-stage companies fail, typically diversify their investments among 30 to 80 companies. H.R. 1219 reasonably promotes this fund structure for startup investments by providing a narrowly tailored ex-emption for certain venture capital funds which must invest at least 80 per-cent of their funds in small businesses. Under the bill, the venture capital funds must have no more than 250 in-vestors and no more than $10 million in investor capital, ensuring that they are small enough that investors are able to monitor and manage their invest-ments. The bill’s limits also ensure that we aren’t creating a loophole for other in-vestment companies, like mutual funds, to avoid regulation; nor are we providing relief to other private funds, like hedge funds or private equity funds, that have very little restriction and investor protection. Mr. Speaker, too often Congress seeks to help small businesses by re-pealing sensible guardrails and rules of the road with little to no thought of the impact on investors or market in-tegrity. This is a mistake since it is in-vestors that provide the money nec-essary for small businesses to grow. If investors don’t trust the markets to operate fairly, they will decline to in-vest or raise costs on the very busi-nesses we want to help. H.R. 1219 is dif-ferent and reflects a measured, bipar-tisan approach to promoting our Na-tion’s startups and the investors who take a chance on them. I thank Mr. MCHENRY and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ for their leadership on this bill. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ), our vice chairman and the sponsor of this bill. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here today, the day after the fifth anniversary of the JOBS Act. Five years ago, yesterday, in a bipar-tisan way, this divided House, this di-vided government that got next to nothing done, in a bipartisan way, was able to achieve a huge bipartisan vic-tory to help small businesses raise cap-ital. In light of that and in that his-tory, in that spirit, we have reached across the aisle, and Representative V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Ranking Member WATERS worked with me to craft a very good bill here today. This bill is targeted at small busi-nesses across the rest of the country. We know that 78 percent of venture capital goes to just three States. If you are in Austin, Boston, or the Silicon Valley, you have capital flowing to you; you have funds for your idea. The rest of the country, whether you are in an urban area or rural area, is starved for capital. In light of that problem, we are try-ing to work for a solution for those small businesses, those innovators with good ideas that maybe don’t have the best access to capital. We raised the cap on angel investing, thereby allow-ing more people to participate at a lower threshold dollar amount while still including important investor pro-tection. Today is a great victory for small- business folks that need access, that need capital to take their idea to mar-ket. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, let me take this opportunity to thank the ranking member for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017, which I am proud to cosponsor with Mr. M
CHENRY . Throughout my career here in Con-gress, I have always supported and en-couraged legislation that creates jobs and fosters innovation for America’s entrepreneurs and small businesses. The bill we are considering today will further that goal. Mr. Speaker, I always say access to capital is access to opportunity. That is exactly what this legislation does. The Investment Company Act of 1940 currently limits the number of accred-ited investors in a venture fund to no more than 100 individuals, but most funds try not to reach that limit in order to adjust for unforeseen cir-cumstances. This artificially low limit restricts the number of individuals that can invest in small businesses and startups. That means less opportunity for entrepreneurs. Our bill will address this problem by allowing up to 250 accredited investors to participate in venture funds with up to $10 million in capital. b0930 It is important to stress that these are accredited investors. They have at least $200,000 in minimum income or $1 million in net assets. These are sophis-ticated investors comfortable with the risks involved in the startup sector. Many of these investors pool their money together either in local or na-tional groups. More recently, many have gotten involved in online crowd-funding platforms, which were created through the JOBS Act, to funnel more capital to small businesses and startups. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.006 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2761 April 6, 2017 
Our bill will create greater access for women-owned and women-led busi-nesses. The types of funds empowered to attract more investors under this bill are often a good capital source for women-owned firms. I am proud that our bipartisan legis-lation has garnered a wide range of at-tention and support from the industry. The Angel Capital Association and the Internet Association have endorsed the bill. These are groups dedicated to ex-panding capital opportunities for small businesses. This bill has also moved through the legislative process with strong bipar-tisan support every step of the way. Last month, we passed this bill out of the Financial Services Committee with a broad bipartisan vote of 54–2. The same day, the Senate Banking Com-mittee was busy passing its bipartisan companion version, S. 444, sponsored by Senators Heitkamp and Heller. It is also important to recognize that, last year, this Chamber passed a nearly identical version of our bill by a vote of 388–9. It is time to see this legislation en-acted. It will create more capital for small businesses and it will mean more jobs throughout the Nation. Let me take a moment to thank Mr. M
CHENRY for working with me on this bill, as well as Chairman H
ENSARLING . And let me also thank Ranking Mem-ber W
ATERS for her leadership and hard work. Again, a vote for this bill is a vote for America’s entrepreneurs. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the chairman of the Committee on Small Business here in the House of Representatives and a strong supporter of this bill. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) for the work that he has done on H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act, and the en-tire Financial Services Committee for their work on this important topic. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee—and I would note that you have here not only the Repub-lican chair, but we just heard speak the ranking member of the Small Business Committee, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ; both in support of this legislation. It is bipar-tisan, which, as P
ATRICK MCHENRY  mentioned, doesn’t happen around here often enough, but it did in this case. I often hear from entrepreneurs and small-business folks that the process to obtain capital is too rigid for them to expand and create jobs. Access to cap-ital is a major issue that we need to ad-dress, and that is what we are doing here. When it comes to helping small busi-nesses get off the ground, no effort we can make is too small. The Supporting America’s Innovators Act could make all the difference for an entrepreneur, and that is why, again, we are here to support it. Commonsense reforms like this one, which raises the cap on the number of people who can invest in a venture fund, can go a long way for the Na-tion’s entrepreneurs, startups, and small businesses. With 28 small busi-nesses in the United States and nearly half of all private sector workers em-ployed by one, the Nation’s economic future lies squarely with this Nation’s smallest companies and firms. Those who risk everything and sac-rifice much to take a shot at building the next great American company should be operating in a business envi-ronment that is free from overly bur-densome rules and regulations. They should be able to concentrate on ex-panding their companies, gaining more customers, and job creation, not com-pliance issues and outdated capital for-mation rules that prevent the largest pool of investors from investing in these companies. As this economic recovery continues to take shape, let’s stand with our small businesses and create an environ-ment for growth. This bill is another important step in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this very good legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee’s Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the rank-ing member for her leadership on this bill and in so many other areas. I also thank Chairmen Hensarling and Huizenga; and, of course, my good friend and colleague from the great State of New York, N
YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ , the champion for small businesses; and Mr. M
CHENRY , who has spent a great deal of his time focusing on job cre-ation and access to capital for small businesses. This bill passed in the last Congress under suspension with overwhelming bipartisan support. This bill is in-tended to make it easier for startup companies to raise money from sophis-ticated investors by allowing sophisti-cated angel investors to pool their money into a single venture capital fund, which allows them to leverage their resources and make investments more effectively. The bill does this by increasing the number of investors who can invest in venture capital funds that are exempt from SEC oversight. Under current law, a fund can be ex-empt from SEC oversight if it has fewer than 100 investors and its securi-ties are not offered publicly. This is the exemption that the majority of venture capital funds currently rely on. Venture capital funds are long-term investors that provide much-needed eq-uity capital to startups and other small companies. The fact that venture capital funds are subject to the same limitation on the number of investors they can have as other private funds, like hedge funds and private equity funds, has limited the growth of ven-ture capital funds. Specifically, it has limited the abil-ity of angel investors—all of whom are sophisticated, accredited investors—to coordinate their investments by group-ing together into a single venture cap-ital fund in order to invest in a prom-ising startup company. This bill will accommodate these types of angel investors who want to coordinate their investments by in-creasing the number of accredited in-vestors they can have before they are required to register with the SEC— from 100 investors to 250 investors. The bill is also narrowly tailored to avoid raising investor protection con-cerns. It only raises the investor threshold to 250 for venture capital funds that meet the SEC’s rigorous five-part definition of a venture capital fund. Finally, the bill is limited to funds that have less than $10 million in cap-ital invested. So we are only providing relief to relatively small venture cap-ital funds that do not pose a huge risk to the capital markets. This bill is the product of genuine hard work and bipartisan compromise. Again, I thank Mr. MCHENRY for his leadership, along with Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ranking Member W
ATERS , and Chair-man H
ENSARLING for their hard work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me—and I believe the majority in this body—in supporting this important bill to pro-vide easier and better access to capital for small businesses. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), the vice chair-man of our Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017. This is another example of great bipartisan legislation that has been produced by the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. M
CHENRY and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ should be commended for their hard work on this important piece of legislation. Startups and small businesses are the primary job creators and engines for growth in our economy. Unfortunately, the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion has not been focused enough on capital formation aspects of its tri-partite mission. This has left thou-sands of companies interested in rais-ing capital stuck complying with out-dated regulations that make it more difficult for them to invest in growing their businesses. This means job cre-ation and wealth building are not reaching their full potential. Certainly, the SEC should not over-look investor protection, but the num-ber one concern of my constituents is jobs. This directly impacts their abil-ity to put food on the table, get the car repaired, and pay for college. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.008 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2762 April 6, 2017 
Today we have the opportunity to consider a noncontroversial bill that will make it easier for companies to raise capital without undermining in-vestor production. The Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017 increases the limit on the number of individuals who can invest in certain venture capital funds before those funds must register with the SEC as investment companies. Currently, the Investment Company Act limits the number of investors in an invest-ment company fund to 100 if the fund is to be exempt from registration with the SEC, a burdensome requirement. This would permit angel funds, which run syndicates that allow accredited investors to participate in investing in startups, to obtain funds from a great-er number of investors. As a result, in-vestors will benefit from investment opportunities that otherwise they would have no access to. As noted by Kevin Laws of AngelList in written testimony before the Sub-committee on Capital Markets, Securi-ties and Investments: ‘‘With online fundraising and general solicitation becoming more common because of the JOBS Act, companies are bumping up against the limit more frequently. The current limit now acts as a brake on the amount of money the company wanted to raise, leaving tens of millions of dollars on the table that did not go into startups.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote in support of this legis-lation. A nearly identical bill passed the House last Congress with 388 votes in support, and we passed the bill out of the Financial Services Committee with almost no opposition. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ), a member of the Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Invest-ments. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1219, the Sup-porting America’s Innovators Act of 2017. This bill will increase the number of accredited investors who can invest in an angel or venture fund before requir-ing the fund to register as an invest-ment company. This will encourage capital formation in one of the major types of funds that seed startups and helps bring new ideas to market. Innovation and invention are inte-gral to economic growth, but new ideas are only the first step in the type of businesses that can grow the economic pie. It is crucial that these companies have access to capital to grow and to bring the product to market. Competi-tion from startups, bolstered by access to funding, creates jobs and forces in-cumbent firms to stay aggressive in their own research and development. H.R. 1219 is exactly the type of bipar-tisan legislation that Congress should be considering to facilitate capital for-mation. This bill will make it easier to form a fund made up of sophisticated inves-tors who can assess and bear the risks that come with investing in startups. These funds are capped at $10 million in paid-in and callable capital. This means the funds will largely be en-gaged in angel investing that helps early-stage investors build a better mousetrap. These funds can often be cheaper for the company and can be structured as equity debt or a combina-tion of both. A fund like this can bring expertise and connections that increase the like-lihood of success for the inventor. It can also spread the risk and rewards for investors because it is important to note that not every invention will turn into the next big thing. We need a startup ecosystem that en-courages the testing of new ideas and products with a wide range of risks and rewards. This bill is a targeted measure to help create that ecosystem by en-hancing the ability of early-stage com-panies to get funding. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill today. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, the re-sponsibility of those of us in Congress is to create a predictable and stream-lined set of regulations, such that we have an environment for the private sector, for businesses to invest, to grow, and to hire more of our constitu-ents. And when that happens, Mr. Speaker, the folks in America live bet-ter lives with fatter paychecks and bet-ter futures. Now, we all know that small busi-nesses need more help than large com-panies when it comes to dealing with the regulatory environment because they don’t have the firepower, the horsepower, the manpower to deal with these complex regulations. When you start a small business, one of the most important ingredients is access to capital. You need investment funds, whether you are starting a bak-ery in Lewiston, Maine, or an auto body shop in Oxford, Maine. Now, that is why H.R. 1219 is important, and I want to congratulate Congressman P
ATRICK MCHENRY for bringing this to the floor. By increasing the number of inves-tors capped from 100 to 250 individuals who are qualified to make these invest-ments to help small businesses, it will provide more money, more funding, more capital for small businesses and startups to grow, to start, and to cre-ate more jobs for folks back home. Government is in the business and should be in the business to help our families, not hurt them. That is why I encourage all of my fellow colleagues here in the House, Republicans and Democrats, to support this good, com-monsense bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have received tre-mendous support for this legislation, and we are extremely hopeful that we will be able to come together on both sides of the aisle and continue to give support to our small businesses. As a matter of fact, we have a lot of those in the Congress of the United States—a lot of Members, rather—who talk about supporting small businesses, but we don’t often see real legislation that can do that. This is such legislation, and I cannot thank Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. M
CHENRY enough for the way that they have worked on this legislation to-gether. b0945 Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  some of the letters of support that we have received from the Center for American Entrepreneurship, the Inter-net Association, TechNet, Angel Cap-ital Association, and AngelList. 
CENTER FOR  A
MERICAN ENTREPRENEURSHIP , April 25, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, Committee on Financial Serv-ices, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING  M
EMBER WATERS : On behalf of the Center for American Entrepreneurship, I write today to express our strong support for legislation of-fered by Rep. Patrick McHenry: H.R. 4854, the ‘‘Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2016,’’ and H.R. 4855, the ‘‘Fix Crowdfunding Act of 2016.’’ Both bills will significantly en-hance American entrepreneurs’ access to the capital they need to launch and grow new businesses and, in doing so, accelerate eco-nomic growth and job creation. CAE is a nonpartisan policy and advocacy organization whose mission is to engage pol-icymakers in Washington and across the na-tion regarding the critical importance of en-trepreneurs and start-ups to innovation, eco-nomic growth, and job creation, and to pur-sue a comprehensive policy agenda intended to significantly enhance the circumstances for new business formation, survival, and growth. As you may know, recent research has demonstrated that start-ups are dispropor-tionately responsible for the innovations that drive economic growth and account for virtually all net new job creation. Alarm-ingly, recent research has also demonstrated that, despite impressive strength in certain cities around the country, rates of new busi-ness formation in America have been declin-ing for 30 years, and the decline is occurring in all 50 states, in all but a handful of the 360 metro areas examined, and across a broad range of industry sectors, including high- technology. Given the importance of thriv-ing entrepreneurship to innovation, eco-nomic growth, and job creation, such cir-cumstances amount to nothing less than a national emergency. When asked or surveyed, entrepreneurs across the country report that access to suf-ficient capital on affordable terms remains among their principal challenges. The legal-ization of crowdfunding by way of the Jumpstart Our Business Start-ups (JOBS) Act in 2012 was a major step forward in meaningfully enhancing innovators’ access to investment capital. But further reforms are necessary to realize the Act’s full poten-tial to promote entrepreneurship, growth, greater opportunity, and job creation. H.R. 4854, the ‘‘Supporting America’s Innovators Act’’ would amend an exemption 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.009 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2763 April 6, 2017 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 by increasing the investor limitation from 100 to 500 persons for qualifying venture cap-ital funds that purchase no more than $10 million in securities in any one issuer, ad-justed for inflation. Lifting the current arbi-trary cap would not only increase entre-preneurs’ access to additional investors, but will protect investors through a greater di-versification of risk. H.R. 4855, the ‘‘Fix Crowdfunding Act’’ would amend the crowdfunding aspects of the JOBS Act in a number of important ways: Raising the annual issuance amount from $1 million to $5 million; Exempting the beneficial owners of crowdfunding securities from counting to-wards the Exchange Act 12(g) requirement triggering public reporting; Exempting special purpose vehicles (SPVs) created for the purpose of investing in a sin-gle issuer of crowdfunding securities from registration as investment companies under the Investment Company Act, and permit-ting SPVs considered as ‘‘venture capital funds’’ to offer crowdfunding securities; Revising the investment cap so that inves-tors earning $100,000 or less may invest up to 5 percent of their annual income or net worth, and investors earning more than $100,000 to invest up to 10 percent of their an-nual income or net worth; Defining the requirements for a crowdfunding intermediary to disqualify an issuer when the intermediary, through a background check or other means, deter-mines that the issuer knowingly made un-true statements or omissions related to ma-terial facts, or engaged in fraud; Defining a crowdfunding intermediary’s potential liability to include only instances when the intermediary knowingly makes un-true statements or omissions related to ma-terial facts or knowingly engages in fraud; Permitting an issuer to ‘‘test the waters’’ by soliciting non-binding commitments of interest from potential investors without fil-ing information with the SEC, provided that no funds are accepted by the issuer and any material changes that occur between the so-licitation and the offer are highlighted to po-tential investors; and, Providing a 5-year grace period for portals to make a good-faith effort to comply with all crowdfunding rules, and prohibits the SEC from bringing any enforcement actions during that period. Both bills help strike a more appropriate balance between the twin priorities of cap-ital formation and investor protection. In doing so, these reforms significantly enhance the prospects for new business formation, survival, and growth at a time when faster economic growth is necessary to address challenges such as underemployment, stag-nant middle-class wages, the income and wealth gaps, and alarmingly high levels of poverty and dependence. CAE commends you for your leadership to promote American entrepreneurship and in-novation and greatly appreciates your thoughtful consideration of the reforms in H.R. 4854 and H.R. 4855. We look forward to continuing to work with you, the bills’ spon-sors, and the Committee’s distinguished members on behalf of American entre-preneurs and start-ups. Sincerely, R
OBERT E. L ITAN, Chairman, Center for American Entrepreneurship. INTERNET ASSOCIATION , June 10, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, Committee on Financial Serv-ices, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING  M
EMBER WATERS : The Internet Association appreciates your attention to the issues im-pacting startups, and urges support for the Supporting America’s Inventors Act of 2016 (H.R. 4854) and Fix Crowdfunding Act (H.R. 4855). Both bills are common-sense, meaning-ful reforms that will improve startups’ ac-cess to capital across the United States. There are a number of internet based funding platforms that will benefit directly from this legislation as well as the broader internet ecosystem. The Internet Association works to advance policies that foster innovation, promote eco-nomic growth, and empower people through the free and open internet. Access to capital funding is critical to internet companies as they scale innovative business models that now account for six percent, or nearly $1 bil-lion, of our GDP. Empowering startups through efficient mechanisms for investors and innovators to access capital will ulti-mately grow our economy and help create the internet industry leaders of tomorrow. The internet industry is unique in the low barrier to entry for new ideas and increased competition. Legislation that promotes growth through internet platforms and for internet startups will benefit the economy at large. The Supporting America’s Inventors Act of 2016 and Fix Crowdfunding Act both take common sense steps to empower innovators through access to capital. The Supporting America’s Inventors Act of 2016 raises the number of investors permitted in qualifying venture capital funds from 100 to 500 persons, eliminating an arbitrary cap and instead cre-ating a more efficient environment for inves-tors to grow startups. The Fix Crowdfunding Act would make necessary reforms to Title III of the JOBS Act allowing for more effi-cient and attractive investment crowdfunding, including raising the annual limit on issuers and clarifying certain defini-tions. We commend Representative McHenry for his commitment to create a thriving startup ecosystem by enhancing the opportunity for investment in our innovation economy. We urge the Committee to support these bills. Respectfully Submitted, M
ICHAEL BECKERMAN , President & CEO. 
TECHNET, Washington, DC, June 10, 2016. Hon. P
ATRICK MCHENRY , House Majority Chief Deputy Whip, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE MCHENRY : TechNet, the national, bipartisan network of innova-tion economy CEOs and senior executives, is pleased to offer our support for your efforts to provide American innovators with the tools necessary to launch, fund, and scale their companies. In particular, we are pleased to support the Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2016 (H.R. 4854) and the Fix Crowdfunding Act (H.R. 4855), both of which provide much need-ed reforms to the laws governing early stage financing of dynamic startups. The Supporting America’s Innovators Act will expand the pool of investors eligible to participate in venture capital funds, creating a more robust venture funding marketplace and increasing the amount of capital startups can potentially raise. The Fix Crowdfunding Act contains a num-ber of sensible and timely reforms to the re-cently finalized Title III crowdfunding rules of the JOBS Act. In particular, the legisla-tion defines the requirements and authority by which intermediaries can disqualify issuers who make untrue statements or en-gage in fraud. The legislation also makes im-portant reforms that will allow more compa-nies to ‘‘test the waters’’ and solicit non- binding commitments from potential crowdfunding investors without filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Finally, the legislation creates a powerful incentive for more crowdfunding portals to enter the marketplace by providing a 5-year grace period for portals to make a good-faith effort to comply with all crowdfunding rules. Taken together, these bills will expand ac-cess to early-stage funding, improving the process by which innovators scale their com-panies and create American jobs. Thank you for your leadership on these im-portant issues affecting the innovation econ-omy. TechNet looks forward to working with you to advance this legislation. Sincerely, LINDA MOORE , President and CEO. 
ANGEL CAPITAL ASSOCIATION , Overland Park, KS, March 7, 2017. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : On behalf of the 13,000 members of the Angel Capital As-sociation representing accredited individual angel investors, accredited on-line platforms and family offices, we write in support of H.R. 1219, Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017 sponsored by Reps. Patrick T. McHenry (R–NC) and Nydia M. Vela ´zquez (D– NY). Angel investors are directly engaged in supporting American startup companies and providing much needed early stage capital and mentoring to emerging businesses and entrepreneurs. Angel investors invest their capital in new ways, with many now choos-ing to pool their money in an angel fund or syndicate on an online investing platform for accredited investors. Two of the most well- known are the Golden Seeds fund which in-vests nationally in women-led companies and AngelList, which supports numerous in-vestor syndicates on its platform. Changes created in the JOBS Act have allowed angel funds and online platforms of accredited in-vestors to catalyze investors across the country to support startups. Platforms such as AngelList, FundersClub and CircleUp have opened opportunities for entrepreneurs to reach more investors and have expanded the capital opportunities for startups. The ability of these venture funds has been limited by out-of-date regulations which have restricted these funds to no more than 99 investors. This 99-investor cap is in reality more like 90 investors because fund man-agers need to take into effect potential split-ting of assets in divorce, death or other un-foreseen circumstances. H.R. 1219 will allow up to 250 accredited in-vestors—investors with at least $200,000 in minimum income (or $300,000 for a couple or $1,000,000 in net worth, not including their residence—to invest in an angel fund or syn-dicate with a maximum of $10 million in as-sets. This change in legislation will allow more investors to invest in these venture funds, creating more capital opportunities for American entrepreneurs and more Amer-ican jobs. The Angel Capital Association worked closely with the Investment Company Insti-tute and other stakeholders to craft what has become bi-partisan legislation by Rep-resentatives McHenry and Vela ´zquez. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.009 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2764 April 6, 2017 
urge the Members of the Committee to sup-port this legislation and seek quick consider-ation by the broader House of Representa-tives. Sincerely, M
ARIANNE HUDSON , Executive Director. 
ANGEL LIST, San Francisco, CA, June 9, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, Committee on Financial Serv-ices, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING  M
EMBER WATERS : Thank you for your recent hearings on ‘‘The JOBS Act at Four: Exam-ining Its Impact and Proposals to Further Enhance Capital Formation.’’ I was honored to testify on the positive impacts the JOBS Act has had on startup capital formation and the potential improvements to the JOBS Act. AngelList helps early stage companies raise financing based on the statutes laid out in the JOBS Act and subsequent SEC no-ac-tion letters. To date, we have helped over a quarter billion dollars from accredited inves-tors reach almost one thousand companies using the online portal provisions to make such financings much more efficient. We have learned a great deal about the early stage capital markets and how they function online. From that perspective, we believe that several of the bills under consid-eration would improve startup financing. H.R. 4854, the ‘‘Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2016’’, lifts the investor limit on LLCs created to finance companies. One very good outcome of the move online has been that more investors can invest smaller amounts. This allows diversification for investors and more access to capital for companies. However, smaller investors often band together in a formal vehicle (usually a limited liability company or LLC). This means the company deals with a single in-vestor (the LLC) and the investors can rely on a trusted lead to review the documents and make decisions on behalf of the inves-tors. The JOBS Act lifted the shareholder limit to 2,000, but left in place the 99 limit on organized investors that the LLC is subject to. This act lifts that limit to 499 to allow more investors in and more capital be raised by the companies. As an online platform, most of our inves-tors expect our investments to be structured that way, and many angel groups also form them to invest in startups. We believe this law allows more sophisticated accredited in-vestor activity. H.R. 4855, the ‘‘Fix Crowdfunding Act’’, takes into account much of what has been learned in the accredited investor space in the last 3 years and applies it to the recently released crowdfunding regulations. There are three areas in particular this bill addresses that we believe are important. First, it fixes the so-called ‘‘12g’’ problem by which crowdfunded companies are subject to public reporting requirements at a very low asset threshold. That issue makes it difficult for crowdfunded companies to raise subsequent financing rounds and would dissuade many high growth companies from using the provi-sion. Fixing that problem makes it more likely that high growth companies will con-sider crowdfunding as an option. Second, the act allows special purpose vehicles (like those LLCs referred to above in the para-graph on H.R. 4854) to be used for crowdfunded offerings. These benefit both in-vestors and the companies. Finally, we be-lieve the ‘‘test the waters’’ provision is crit-ical. Most companies do not know whether they will be attractive to investors before-hand; imposing high costs prior to finding that out serves as a deterrent without any offsetting investor protection benefit. The ‘‘test the waters’’ provision will allow a crowdfunded company to incur the legal costs only after it knows that it is likely to raise (but still prior to accepting any inves-tor funds). Finally, we feel that H.R. 4852, the ‘‘Pri-vate Placement Improvement Act of 2016’’ addresses several issues that affect the start-up community. It clarifies that the JOBS Act was intended to remove burdensome fil-ing requirements that would be difficult for early stage startups without full-time law-yers to help. We at AngelList believe trans-parency has a very positive effect on mar-kets. We have made several suggestions in a letter to the SEC (https://www.sec.gov/com-ments/s7-06-13/s70613-37.pdf) as to how this can be achieved without significant burden through use of modern technology. We be-lieve this act would provide good guidelines to the SEC about the intent of the JOBS Act in ways that would encourage that avenue to transparency rather than additional burden that we do not believe helps investors. We look forward to engaging where we can to help further both investor protections and capital formation. Thank You, K
EVIN LAWS, Chief Investments Officer. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support today of H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act, introduced by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ), the chief deputy whip. I am proud to have his leadership in promoting capital for-mation in our country. Yesterday, as he has noted, marks the fifth anniversary of the JOBS Act, which has had a positive impact on eas-ing capital formation woes for small businesses and startups. I am proud to represent and have the opportunity to work every day with The Venture Center in Little Rock and its FinTech Accelerator program, and the innovation hub in North Little Rock and its medical technology inno-vation hub. These high-tech innova-tions, combined with angel funds, give good-paying job opportunities to peo-ple out in the heartland and not just on the East and West Coasts. But in order for these innovative startups to grow, they have got to have access to greater sources of angel cap-ital, and raising capital in rural Amer-ica is a challenge. Having helped design and offer pri-vate placements for emerging compa-nies during my whole career, and par-ticipating in angel funds in 2 decades prior to coming to Congress, I know firsthand the importance of having a multitude of options for our small busi-nesses to raise capital, no matter what their stage of formation. This bill builds on the success of the JOBS Act by providing an update to a limit set in 1940, Mr. Speaker, limiting the number of accredited investors that can participate in a qualified ven-ture fund. I am glad we are rushing to a change since 1940. And this simple change from 100 to 250 really allows more angel investors to participate in funds of this nature across the country and gives particular advantage off the East and West Coasts. I thank the chairman for the time and my good friend from North Caro-lina for his leadership. I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this worthy measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). Mr. EMMER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017. Far too often, during my travels throughout Minnesota’s Sixth District, I hear frustrations from small-business owners and entrepreneurs about the difficulties they face gaining access to working capital. With Dodd-Frank’s one-size-fits-all regulation being imposed on the banks and credit unions that drive America, our Nation’s job creators struggle to grow existing businesses and to even start new ones. Today’s small business is tomorrow’s big business, and if our entrepreneurs and job creators are to succeed, we must remove the roadblocks currently standing in their way. Companies that started in a garage are now Fortune 500 companies and global giants that provide goods and services across the globe. These include many brands and companies we all use each and every day such as Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, and even Min-nesota’s own, Medtronic. They all started with a dream, a lot of hope, and necessary access to tools, resources, and, most importantly, working cap-ital. Not only does the limited access to working capital affect our State and local economies, it impacts opportuni-ties and jobs for hardworking Ameri-cans. Small businesses are responsible for nearly 70 percent of new jobs in this country. This legislation will help put Americans to work. The Supporting America’s Innovators Act updates current law to increase the number of individuals who are able to invest in and support startups and small businesses across the country. This bill will help jump-start capital formation for local businesses and en-trepreneurs, enabling Main Street America to not just survive but to, once again, thrive. I want to thank Congressman M
CHENRY for introducing this bill that received, again, near unanimous sup-port in the committee, and I encourage all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important legisla-tion. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.012 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2765 April 6, 2017 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to the balance of time each side has left? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX). The gentleman from Michigan has 14 minutes remaining. The gentle-woman from California has 15 minutes remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman H
UIZENGA for the work on this with P
ATRICK MCHENRY  and the folks on the other side of the aisle. It is nice to come here and see something that is truly collaborative and underway that helps businesses. Prior to coming to Congress last year, I spent the past 16 years growing manufacturing companies in Ohio, so I know firsthand how difficult it is to ac-quire capital to start and operate and grow small businesses. Businesses that overcome the challenges are faced with numerous regulatory roadblocks that further hinder their growth. Many of those have come at the hands of regu-latory frame works like Dodd-Frank. But this bipartisan measure that we are talking about today has the oppor-tunity to help the challenges with cap-ital acquisition that government has created and continues to create. Cur-rently, the Investment Company Act of 1940 requires any qualified venture fund over 100 to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The real burden of these regulations hits small companies in middle Amer-ica like Ohio’s Eighth District where, unlike major cities, particularly on the coast, we do not have as many options for raising capital. Not every company seeks to become the next billion-dollar blockbuster, but some of them do. All these companies offer great jobs and give many people the dignity of work, but they can also provide great returns. So we are crowd-ing out investment opportunities, and we are crowding out job opportunities. This is why I am pleased to support H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017, which simply increases the cap to allow up to 250 in-vestors to be exempt from registration for qualified venture capital funds, al-lowing America’s small businesses the flexibility to operate and grow their companies, hire employees, and inno-vate. Last year, this Congress passed legis-lation similar to H.R. 1219 on a bipar-tisan vote of 388–9. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1219 and, perhaps, increase its margin of victory. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ), a new member of our Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Madam Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 1219. I absolutely believe that the time has come for us to modernize how cap-ital gets to our small businesses. Prior to Congress, I have a history in business, so I fundamentally under-stand that having a better mousetrap is not enough. Small businesses need capital, need access to more capital in order to grow and get their innovations out to market. They also need access to these sophisticated, accredited in-vestors so that they can get the advice that they need in order to get those better mousetraps out to the people who need them, want to buy them, and want to use them to better their lives. Fundamentally, everybody can agree that we want Americans to have more economic opportunity, and many Americans find that economic oppor-tunity by starting small businesses or by being a part of small businesses, by investing in small businesses, by work-ing for and with small businesses. Whether it is a startup in New Al-bany, Indiana, or a small company growing in Franklin, Indiana, these businesses need access to capital to re-alize the dreams of their founders, the dreams of their investors, and the dreams of their employees. Quite simply, H.R. 1219 provides them with the access to more accredited in-vestors, enabling them and empowering them to bring their innovations to market. I am excited to be a cosponsor of this important legislation, and I thank all of my colleagues in the Fi-nancial Services Committee, as well as, hopefully, on the floor later today, for their support of this important legisla-tion. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HEN-
SARLING ), chairman of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, first, I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan, not only for yielding but, more importantly, for his leader-ship in helping improve our capital markets and our economy here. I want to thank all of the Republican and Democrat cosponsors of H.R. 1219, particularly our vice chairman of the full committee Mr. M
CHENRY of North Carolina, for his leadership and also Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ on the other side of the aisle for her leadership on this issue as well. Both of these colleagues are sen-ior members of the committee which I have the honor of chairing. Madam Speaker, we know that while optimism and confidence in our econ-omy are up considerably over the last few months, our Nation still has a way to go to experience the robust eco-nomic growth the American people have experienced in the past of which they also deserve. One obvious reason that the economy continues to limp along is bureaucratic burdens imposed by Washington’s top- down regulations on America’s small businesses on Main Street. I got a message from a gentleman by the name of Larry, a small-business owner in Mabank, Texas, who I have the privilege of representing here in Congress, and he summed it up fairly well. He said: ‘‘So many businesses have to deal with regulations and taxes that didn’t exist a few years ago. It is especially hard on smaller businesses. While large companies have their own staff of attorneys and the capital to comply with regulations, small busi-nesses don’t.’’ So, Madam Speaker, as my col-leagues on the Financial Services Com-mittee know all too well, because we have had countless witnesses before our committee to attest to such, Wash-ington has inflicted upon Main Street America a complex set of burdensome and expensive and confusing regula-tions. b1000 Many were written, again, with the largest public companies in mind, but they burden small companies and hurt their ability to access capital. That is exactly what Larry of Mabank, Texas, has told me, and I believe it. So, clearly, Congress should work, preferably on a bipartisan basis, to level the playing field while maintain-ing fair and efficient capital markets, protecting investors, and allowing small companies the chance to succeed. We can make progress on these goals today by advancing this bipartisan bill, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act. This bill was approved by the Fi-nancial Services Committee with the overwhelming support of Republicans and Democrats. The vote in committee was 54–2. In addition, a similar bill passed the House last year overwhelm-ingly on a bipartisan basis. Madam Speaker, these vote totals demonstrate that just about every-one—Republican and Democrat—agrees that this commonsense legislation will indeed help grow our economy. H.R. 1219 specifically increases the limits on the number of individuals from 100 to 250 who invest in certain venture capital funds before those funds are forced to register with the SEC as ‘‘investment companies.’’ This change would permit angel and venture funds to better help accredited inves-tors invest in small-business startups. These early stage investors play a vital role in helping many small businesses get their start. In 2015, angel investors deployed nearly $25 billion to 71,000 dif-ferent startups across our Nation. In the first quarter of 2017, venture cap-ital invested more than $16 billion in almost 1,800 startups. If anyone here, for some reason, doubts the impact these investors can have on our Nation’s economic growth, let me remind them that companies such as Amazon, Costco, Google, Facebook, and Starbucks were all first funded by angel investors. Let’s also remember, Madam Speaker, that al-most half of the people who work in this country own or work for small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.012 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2766 April 6, 2017 
businesses. They create nearly histori-cally two-thirds of the new jobs in America. So clearly our economy works better for working Americans when small businesses thrive and have access to capital and credit they need to innovate, expand, and create jobs. The Supporting America’s Innovators Act modernizes a regulation to en-hance the ability for startups and small businesses to receive critical funding and capital from the private markets and, in particular, angel in-vestors and venture capital. Undoubt-edly it will help today’s small-business startups become the next great Amer-ican entrepreneurial success story and, in doing so, help invigorate economic growth and help create more American jobs. I urge the adoption of H.R. 1219. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I have no further re-quests for time, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I am pleased that, for the first time this Congress, com-mittee Republicans have brought to the House floor a bill that has broad bi-partisan support. Oftentimes, the oppo-site side of the aisle on our committee take a partisan approach to legislation and sometimes do not express a lot of interest in the views of the opposite side of the aisle or the millions of Americans whom they represent. How-ever, in contrast, this bill before us today is the product of thoughtful, bi-partisan compromise and will help startup companies and their investors equally. Madam Speaker, this is how laws should be made. Indeed, last Congress, Mr. M
CHENRY  and I worked together to promote li-quidity in the secondary market for startup company stock by creating a clearer path for startup investors to re-sell their stock. The result of our bi-partisan efforts was the Reforming Ac-cess for Investments in Startup Enter-prises Act, which became law in 2015, along with seven other bipartisan, fi-nancial services bills included in the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation Act. Going forward, I hope that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle will remember what we can achieve when we work together. So, again, I thank both Mr. M
CHENRY for reaching across the aisle and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ for working with me on H.R. 1219, the Sup-porting America’s Innovators Act of 2017. I urge all of my colleagues to join me and vote ‘‘yes.’’ Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, as I close on this very important bill that we have been talking about, H.R. 1219, I just want to say congratulations to our sponsors, Congressman M
CHENRY and Congress-woman V
ELA´ZQUEZ , for their leadership on this, as well as my Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Sub-committee ranking member, Rep-resentative MALONEY , for working to-gether to advance this commonsense bill. As was pointed out by both the chair-man and the ranking member, there is strong bipartisan consensus that this bill is a winner for the American peo-ple. Some people today, as they tee off the Masters, we might say it is a 6-inch putt for the American people knowing that this is good for them and good for the economy. I want to encourage all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill, H.R. 1219. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 242, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 417, nays 3, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 221] YEAS—417 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.014 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2767 April 6, 2017 
Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Capuano Lynch 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bridenstine Cleaver Davis, Danny Duncan (TN) Evans King (NY) McEachin Slaughter Tsongas 
b1031 Mr. CAPUANO changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mses. SANCHEZ and SCHAKOWSKY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 217, 218, 219, 220, 221, and 222. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on votes 220 and 221. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on votes 217, 218, 219, and 222. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 246 Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY) be removed as a cosponsor from H. Res. 246. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE REAPPOINT-MENT OF A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 30) pro-viding for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: S.J. R ES. 30 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy on the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of Steve Case of Virginia on April 25, 2017, is filled by the reappointment of the incum-bent. The reappointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on the later of April 26, 2017, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to re-consider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINT-MENT OF A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 35) pro-viding for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 35 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of Dr. Shirley Ann Jackson of New York on May 5, 2017, is filled by the appointment of Michael Govan of California. The appoint-ment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on May 6, 2017, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, whichever occurs later. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to re-consider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINT-MENT OF A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 36) pro-viding for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: S.J. R ES. 36 Resolved by the Senate and HouseV Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of Robert P. Kogod of the District of Colum-bia on May 5, 2017, is filled by the appoint-ment of Roger W. Ferguson of the District of Columbia. The appointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on May 6, 2017, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, whichever occurs later. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to re-consider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESI-DENT Mr. GOODLATTE, from the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–83) on the resolution (H. Res. 203) of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Attorney General, to transmit, respectively, certain docu-ments to the House of Representatives relating to certain communications by the President of the United States, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SOMALIA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–28) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Aug 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\APRIL\H06AP7.REC H06AP7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2768 April 6, 2017 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 2010, with re-spect to Somalia is to continue in ef-fect beyond April 12, 2017. The United States is strongly com-mitted to Somalia’s stabilization, and it is important to maintain sanctions against persons undermining its sta-bility. For this reason, I have deter-mined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to Somalia and to maintain in force the sanctions to respond to this threat. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , April 6, 2017. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.J. RES. 85 Mr. BACON. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.J. Res. 85. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN HONOR OF JAIDEN BARTEE AND TORI PEREZ (Mr. GARRETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me today as we remem-ber the lives of Jaiden Bartee and Tori Perez, ages 5 and 6 years old, who, as they stood with their mothers waiting for the schoolbus on the morning of March 30, were struck down and taken from this world far too soon by a pass-ing truck. Mr. Speaker, Members, there is no Scripture, no words, no thought poign-ant enough to address the loss of these mothers, of the Buckingham County, Virginia, community, of humanity of these two lives; but in what is the best effort that I can make, I ask that all of my colleagues and these Members of the Virginia delegation who join me to join in a moment of silence to recog-nize these two young people. 
f 
ATROCIOUS CHEMICAL WEAPONS ATTACK (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, in the early morning hours on a day earlier this week, a small town in northwest Syria was atrociously attacked with chemical bombs. As a result, over 75 ci-vilians died and over 20 children gasped for air, writhed in pain, and foamed at the mouth. They suffered dilated pu-pils, muscle spasms, and involuntary defecation. Based on the state of this evidence, it appears that it was the Syrian Presi-dent, Bashar al-Assad, who committed this heinous act against his people once again. The last time Assad com-mitted such an act, in 2013, he agreed to eliminate his chemical weapons. However, it appears he lied, and he con-tinues his sick aggression against his own people and our humanity. From the first use of chemical weap-ons in World War I to the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s and now in Syria, chemical weapons epitomize the absolute horror of modern-day warfare. That is, of course, why they are outlawed and why their use is a war crime. That is also why anybody who uses them must be treated and penalized like a war crimi-nal. f 
OUR WORK ON HEALTH CARE IS UNDONE (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, Congress is leaving for Easter break with work undone. For 7 years, we have told the American people that we would repeal ObamaCare and replace it with some-thing better, and we have legislation that provides that opportunity. It is not a perfect bill—no bill is. But Presi-dent Trump has said this is our best and only chance to get this done. The bill cuts taxes by hundreds of billions of dollars and reduces govern-ment by hundreds of billions, too. It keeps preexisting condition prohibi-tions and lets 26-year-olds stay on their parents’ health care. But most impor-tantly, it unshackles American fami-lies from government-forced mandates costing them hundreds of thousands of dollars each year. Simply put, it is an enormous improvement over the status quo. My hope is we will be back next week before Easter. I know many of my col-leagues are ready for the holidays, but we need to do what we said we would do: repeal ObamaCare and replace it with something better. 
f 
b1045 DEMAND FOR AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF THE TRUMP- RUSSIA SCANDAL (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my constituents’ de-mand for an independent investigation of the Trump-Russia scandal. Since mid-November, this has been a major issue for the people I represent, who are deeply concerned about pro-tecting democratic elections. Among their concerns are the following: Changes last July to the Republican Party’s platform that are beneficial to Russia, which the Trump campaign spearheaded. A few days later, Trump’s call on Russia to launch a cyber attack against former Secretary of State Hil-lary Clinton. Trump’s refusal to say anything neg-ative about Vladimir Putin, such as his terrible record on human rights or his crackdown on dissent. The intelligence community’s con-sensus that Putin directed a campaign of weaponized information against Hil-lary Clinton. And the implication of numerous Trump advisers in unseemly relations with Russia, including Michael Flynn, Jeff Sessions, Roger Stone, Paul Manafort, Michael Cohen, and Carter Page. Mr. Speaker, my constituents have watched as the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation lapsed into confusion and obfuscation, obviously at the behest of the White House. Last month, that committee can-celed public hearings which would have included the testimony of former Act-ing Attorney General Sally Yates. My constituents have watched Presi-dent Trump, whose Presidential cam-paign is under FBI investigation, alter-nate between protestations that ‘‘Trump-Russia is a hoax’’ and repeated attempts to change the subject. f 
QUAPAW AREA COUNCIL GOLD LEVEL (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Quapaw Area Council, which, for the first time, was recog-nized by the Boy Scouts of America’s Journey to Excellence program as a Gold Level Council, the highest award possible. The Boy Scouts of America’s Journey to Excellence program is designed to encourage excellence and reward suc-cess at all levels of scouting, meas-uring several indicators that include fiscal management, fundraising, youth advancement, youth camping, and membership recruitment. As a fellow Scout, I am proud of the high standards our Scouts in Arkansas are setting. This achievement is a cred-it to the dedication of members of the council, countless volunteers, devoted parents, and committed Scouts. On behalf of all Arkansans, congratu-lations. We look forward to following your continued success for generations of Scouts to come. 
f 
INVESTIGATE RUSSIA’S INVOLVE-MENT IN OUR NATIONAL ELEC-TIONS (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I re-member well the investigations that Congress undertook in the Nixon pe-riod—the Watergate investigations. Frankly, I am appalled at the way in which this House is conducting its in-vestigations. It is high time that we have an independent investigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.008 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2769 April 6, 2017 
The reality has changed since the sixties and seventies. We now have 24– 7 cable TV, and everything seems to be momentarily disclosed. We can’t con-tinue. We need an independent inves-tigation of this extremely important issue of Russia’s involvement in our national elections. 
f 
RETURN STABILITY AND PEACE TO SYRIA (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my outrage at the chemical attack in Syria on April 4, 2017, that killed up-wards of 70 civilians, including chil-dren. I am proud to represent many Syrian Americans in my congressional district in Charleston, West Virginia. They share their concerns with me on a reg-ular basis. This type of violence is a regular oc-currence in Syria. Hospitals, markets, schools, bus stations, warehouses— none of these places are off limits for bombing and destruction by Bashar al- Assad and his allies. The slaughter of innocent life will not end unless the United States of America takes the lead. Peace in Syria is impossible while Bashar al-Assad remains in control. He has proven this time and again by his reckless and evil use of chemical weap-ons and other cruel tools of war on his own people. We must establish safe zones for innocent civilians. I call upon President Trump and other world leaders to do whatever they reasonably can to end these atro-cious attacks on the innocent, and re-turn stability and peace to Syria. 
f 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION MUST STAND UP FOR SYRIAN CHIL-DREN NOW (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I could not leave this place, the most powerful lawmaking body in the world, in the season of Easter and Passover and sacrifice without bringing to the attention of my colleagues that chil-dren are dying. The children in Syria are suffering from the bombing and the vileness of President Assad and the chemical attack, where children and babies are struggling to breath. This Congress has to act. We must join those who want an infusion of emergency dollars. Where is our heart. And then the famine in Sub-Saharan Africa, where there are more displaced persons than we have seen in history. Sixty thousand have escaped to Kenya, and children and women are dying. In the name of our former colleague, the Honorable Mickey Leland, who died in 1989, taking grain to the famine area in Sub-Saharan Africa, we must act now. As a founder of the Congressional Children’s Caucus myself, I cannot stand here and allow the children to die. This Congress must immediately issue emergency funds that appropri-ators such as Congresswoman LEEare putting forward. We must go to the re-gion now and say what America is going to do. And the Trump adminis-tration must stand up for children now. 
f 
HONORING MICHIGAN FARMERS HELPING THOSE AFFECTED BY WILDFIRES IN AMERICAN HEARTLAND (Mr. MOOLENAAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, today another farm convoy left Michi-gan and headed south to help those suf-fering in America’s heartland, where wildfires have burned more than 1 mil-lion acres in four States. This convoy, and those like it in days gone by and the days to come, is the work of the amazing farming commu-nity in my district and across the State of Michigan. They have donated trucks, trailers, and time to drive supplies to the af-fected areas. They have donated food and fencing to help farmers recover and rebuild. They have donated care pack-ages with candy and cards to care for the hurting souls. Many volunteers are staying and helping in the devastated communities. In fact, tomorrow, two young men from Ogemaw County, Brady and Keaton, are scheduled to travel with 4–H kids from Michigan’s Thumb area to volun-teer their skills and help build fencing in Kansas. The overwhelmingly and generous ef-forts of the Michigan farming commu-nity, in response to this tragedy, rep-resent the best of America. I pray for God’s blessing on all those involved as they help with this crisis. 
f 
UNDETECTABLE FIREARMS MODERNIZATION (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, in 1988, Congress realized the danger posed by guns that can pass through security checkpoints undetected, and passed the Undetectable Firearms Act. The act, signed by President Reagan, has since been reauthorized under every single President, both Democrats and Republicans alike. When this bill originally became law, fully plastic guns were science fiction. But, today, plans for plastic guns are available online and can be produced at home with no technical expertise. Un-fortunately, the Undetectable Firearms Act hasn’t been updated since 1988, and glaring gaps exist. That is why today I am introducing the Undetectable Firearms Moderniza-tion Act. This bill will make modest changes to the original act to more fully adhere to the spirit of the law. Mr. Speaker, we need to be working to ensure that terrorists and criminals can’t walk through security check-points with firearms undetected. f 
MEDICAL MARIJUANA (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, 93 percent of Americans support the legalization of doctor-prescribed medical mari-juana—93 percent. But despite this widespread public support, marijuana remains classified as a schedule I drug, the same as LSD or heroin. This harms low-income communities each year, it turns thousands of citi-zens into felons, and it punishes people who are sick and looking for medical help. I think of Rayann, a young lady in my district with juvenile refractory epilepsy. She has seizures every day. Other treatments failed, but medical marijuana helped improve her condi-tion. I thought of her when I worked on, and passed, Florida’s Compas-sionate Medical Cannabis Act. Marijuana must be moved to sched-ule III, which will make it easier to conduct research into its medical uses. It will allow businesses to work with banks instead of looking over their shoulders in fear of a Federal raid, and it will keep States from being at odds with Federal law. Today I am proud to introduce legis-lation that will reclassify marijuana as a schedule III drug. I look forward to working with my colleagues. America is watching, and now we must act. 
f 
HONORING JOHN HERSCHEL GLENN (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the American flag on our Nation’s Capitol is flying at half-mast to honor the life of American hero, Ohio Senator and Colonel John Herschel Glenn, being laid to rest today at Arlington Na-tional Cemetery. What a human being, what a patriot, what an American hero, and what a marine whose raw courage was evi-denced time and time again. A devoted, faithful husband to his beautiful wife, Annie, and father and grandfather, his life and works keep giving to us and our world. John was a highly decorated war vet-eran, a Marine Corps colonel who com-pleted 56 combat missions on the Pa-cific front alone during World War II, and then served in the Korean conflict. He was awarded six Distinguished Fly-ing Crosses and 18 clusters on his Air Medal. At the dawn of the space age, Sen-ator Glenn became the first human being to orbit our planet Earth in 1962 on Friendship 7. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.023 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2770 April 6, 2017 
Can you imagine his awe as he be-came the first human to observe planet Earth suspended aloft in the heavens with endless space beyond? In 1974, John Glenn was elected to the U.S. Senate, and undertook many tough missions in his life, but none could have been more piercing than when he was given the weighty task of informing the children of Senator Rob-ert F. Kennedy of that Senator’s fate-ful assassination. John Glenn’s life embodies the words ‘‘devotion,’’ ‘‘honor,’’ ‘‘patriotism,’’ and ‘‘bravery.’’ He never stopped giv-ing. At age 77, he chose to join the team of astronauts who were launched into space on the Discovery. Upon retirement from the U.S. Sen-ate in 1999, after a quarter century of service, he dedicated his years to founding and raising funds for the John Glenn College of Public Affairs at the Ohio State University. In recognition of his incredible and generous life, I will place in the R
ECORD the remarks of Vice President Joe Biden at a remembrance ceremony held in Columbus, Ohio, recently, as our State honored his life and legacy. May the angels lead John Glenn into paradise and give peace to his family. May eternal rest grant unto you, dear-est Senator and Colonel Glenn. You gave all that you could possibly give, and America is forever grateful. May I ask my colleagues to stand with me for a moment of silence in re-membrance of Senator John Glenn. 
f 
b1100 COMMENDING DEPUTY FIRE CHIEF JOHN SCHOTT (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the heroic efforts of Deputy Fire Chief John Schott, from the Carlinville, Illi-nois, Fire Department. Deputy Schott has gone above and beyond the call of duty in his efforts to assist the neigh-boring Morrisonville, Illinois, Fire De-partment. On October 22, Deputy Schott was one of the first witnesses to a two-vehi-cle crash and applied first aid to one of the drivers involved in the accident. While on the scene, Schott could not help but notice that the emergency services from the Morrisonville-Palmer Fire Protection District lacked the proper hydraulic extraction tools, more commonly known as the Jaws of Life. Deputy Schott’s efforts did not end that day. After the crash, he began his mission to equip the Morrisonville fire-fighters with the suitable tools they would need for any future emergencies. By making several phone calls, Schott was able to locate a set of the Jaws of Life and communicate the Morrisonville firefighters’ need to a generous contact who gladly donated the tool. Firefighters from Morrisonville are currently training with the equipment as a need for their use, thankfully, has not yet presented itself since the dona-tion. Deputy Chief Schott’s dedication to the betterment of a department other than his own is commendable. Thank you, Deputy Schott, for your service, and may God bless our first re-sponders. f 
ATTACKS IN SYRIA WILL NOT BE TOLERATED (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my revulsion at the gas at-tacks killing innocent Syrian civilians. One of the responses from this Con-gress should be when we get back, as soon as possible, we pass the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2017. It is sponsored by myself and Chairman R
OYCE . It is named in honor of the cou-rageous former Syrian photographer known as ‘‘Caesar,’’ who testified be-fore the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee in 2014 about the Assad regime’s torture of Syrian civilians. This legis-lation passed the House in November 2016 by voice vote but didn’t pass the other body. This bill requires the President to impose new sanctions on anyone who does business with or provides financ-ing to the Government of Syria, includ-ing Syrian intelligence and security services, or the Central Bank of Syria. It sanctions anyone that provides air-craft or spare parts for aircraft to Syr-ia’s airlines, including financing. It sanctions anyone who does business with transportation or telecom sectors controlled by the Syrian Government or anyone who supports Syria’s energy industry. Mr. Speaker, we need to send a strong message to the murderous Assad regime and a strong message to Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah that we will not tolerate attacks on innocent civilians. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO SID MAR-TIN BIOTECHNOLOGY INSTITUTE (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize the Sid Martin Biotechnology Institute, a lead-ing biotechnology incubator headquartered in Alachua, Florida, in conjunction with the University of Florida, in my home district. The Sid Martin Biotechnology Institute focuses on promoting the growth of innovative, early-stage bioscience and bio-technology companies and technology- based economic development in and around my district. Over the past 20 years, this institute has worked with more than 100 startup companies in biotechnology, biomedi-cine, and bioagriculture, and it has cre-ated over 200 high-tech jobs. The sur-vival rate of the companies in this pro-gram have a 93 percent survival rate, creating a successful business commu-nity in north central Florida area. Their dedication to these causes has not gone unnoticed. Recently, Sid Mar-tin Biotechnology Institute was award-ed the Randall M. Whaley Incubator of the Year award for 2017, the highest award given by the International Busi-ness Innovation Association. This in-stitute was named Incubator of the Year among more than 7,500 incubators worldwide. This is the second time the Sid Martin Biotechnology Institute has received this award, and, additionally, they have also been awarded Tech-nology/Science Incubator of the Year. I would like to congratulate them on their accomplishment and thank them for their positive and meaningful con-tributions to Florida’s Third Congres-sional District. f 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NEEDS TO BE ESTABLISHED CONCERNING RUSSIA CONNEC-TION (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, the gas-sing of civilians is an atrocity, a human rights violation, and a war crime. Assad’s chemical gassing of his own people took place just a few days after the White House said that it would be silly to try to dislodge Presi-dent Assad from power in Syria. Somehow, we have to disentangle and disenthrall ourselves from Putin’s friend, Assad, and all of the bullies and dictators and authoritarians on Earth who are a threat to their own people. Last week 75,000 people marched in Russia against corruption and human rights violations. We should be on the side of the Russian people who are try-ing to liberate themselves from human rights violations and murder and polit-ical corruption in their country. We need an independent investiga-tion of the political, financial, mili-tary, and diplomatic invasion of Amer-ica with this Russian connection. We need to restore our moral leadership in the world as the champion of human rights. 
f 
FUND THE ARTS AND HUMANITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join a number of my col-leagues in strong support of the Na-tional Endowments for the Arts and Humanities. These venerable institu-tions, which both recently celebrated their 50th anniversaries, are a corner-stone of American cultural expressions. Sadly, they are also under attack. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.025 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2771 April 6, 2017 
The President’s recent budget outline called for the defunding and disman-tling of the Endowments. So I have gathered here with my friends and col-leagues in the hope that we can help the President change his mind and demonstrate to him the immense ben-efit that the NEA and the NEH bring to our districts, our country, and, in fact, the world. Being a Rhode Islander, I have al-ways felt a special connection to the arts and humanities. Rhode Island was founded as a colony that welcomed free expression of religion, and that free-dom of thought quickly translated into an independent mindedness that drove creative endeavors. It is no wonder, then, that into such an environment was born one of the 20th century’s great statesmen and a champion of the arts, our late senior Senator, Senator Claiborne Pell. Senator Pell was a mentor of mine, and I actually had the privilege of in-terning with him twice at one point. He is rightly lionized for many of his legislative achievements, including the Pell grants that bear his name. But I believe that no issue was closer to his heart than that of preserving and pro-moting American art and culture. Anyone who knew the Senator knew that his own passion was reflected and redoubled by his wife, the indomitable Nuala Pell, one of the great supporters of the arts that my State and our coun-try has ever seen. The National Endow-ments for the Arts and Humanities can trace their beginnings to the passions of the Pells, the vision of President Kennedy, and the determination of President Johnson. President Kennedy began his term with a focus on American culture, when he invited Robert Frost to read a poem at his inauguration. He soon fol-lowed this up by appointing August Heckscher his Special Consultant on the Arts. Heckscher’s report entitled, ‘‘The Arts and the National Govern-ment,’’ led to the creation of the Presi-dent’s Advisory Council on the Arts. Meanwhile, Senator Pell, the chair-man of the Senate Special Sub-committee on the Arts and Human-ities, was hard at work. He began his first hearing in 1963 with this state-ment: ‘‘I believe that this cause and its implementation has a worldwide appli-cation; for as our cultural life is en-hanced and strengthened, so does it project itself into the world beyond our shores. Let us apply renewed energies to the very concept we seek to ad-vance: a true renaissance—the reawak-ening, the quickening, and above all, the unstinted growth of our cultural vitality.’’ So over the next 2 years, working with legislators including Senators Hu-bert Humphrey and Jacob Javits and Representatives Frank Thompson and William Moorhead, Senator Pell craft-ed President Kennedy’s vision into a reality. With the full support and as-sistance of President Johnson, the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act was signed into law on September 29, 1965. The first Chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities, inci-dentally, was another Rhode Islander, Barnaby Keeney, then president of Brown University. Mr. Speaker, I begin this hour with a survey of history for a couple of rea-sons. First, I think that it is vital that both Members and the President under-stand the care and consideration that went into creating the Endowments. So years of deliberation by some of our finest legislators went into the deter-mination made in the arts and said: 
While primarily a matter for private and local initiative, the arts and humanities are also appropriate matters of concern of the Federal Government. 
So there is no doubt that private foundation and corporate philanthropy are the bedrock of artistic funding in this country. Nonetheless, there is an important role for government at all levels to play, and the Endowment serves as the catalyst for governmental involvement. Second, looking back helps remind us of the aspirations that drove the cre-ation of the Endowments in the first place. Last week, we learned of the death of Yevgeny Yevtushenko, a So-viet poet who defied his totalitarian government. When President Kennedy brought poetry to his inauguration, it was in direct contrast to the Soviet Union, where literary dissidents were imprisoned or exiled and not given freedom to create. What a message to send to the world in the 1960s, that the United States prized artistic expression, celebrated scholarly inquiry, and believed in the strength and progress embodied by multiculturalism. So the playwright in New York was not censored. He was cheered. A historian in North Carolina was greeted not with accusation, but acclaim. The painter in Nevada was not imprisoned; she was empowered. Placed in context, the message sent by the creation of the Endowments was that America’s culture was not just an asset to be protected, but a powerful tool for promoting freedom worldwide. Just as importantly, the 1965 act rec-ognized that American culture was not static. Rather, its evolution over time was the source of its power. However, I believe the most important reason to begin with the history of the Endow-ments can be found in the Arts and Hu-manities Act itself: ‘‘An advanced civ-ilization must not limit its efforts to science and technology alone, but must give full value and support to the other great branches of scholarly and cul-tural activity in order to achieve a bet-ter understanding of the past, a better analysis of the present, and a better view of the future.’’ Why do we study the arts and human-ities? Why do we promote them in the Halls of Congress? ‘‘To achieve a better understanding of the past, a better analysis of the present, and a better view of the future.’’ Mr. Speaker, I co-chair the Congres-sional Cybersecurity Caucus, a caucus that owes its very name to the work of an artist, William Gibson, who first coined the phrase ‘‘cyberspace’’ in 1984. Gibson helped create the lexicon that we use today to describe the internet as we know it and, in so doing, helped to shape its development and growth— a better view of the future, indeed. For years, I promoted the STEM to STEAM movement, the concept of add-ing art and design to the STEM dis-ciplines of science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics. Incidentally, this movement is an-other product of my home State, cour-tesy of the brilliant minds at the Rhode Island School of Design, in par-ticular, as I understand it, then former President John Maeda, who, as I under-stand, coined the term ‘‘STEM to STEAM.’’ Incorporating principles of art and design in STEM helps foster creativity, encourages collaboration, and can en-gender sudden, inspired breakthroughs, all by helping to better analyze the present. So in my role in the Armed Services and Homeland Security Committees, I am presented daily with new threats brought on by the advent of new tech-nologies or fast-moving global events. The temptation to act quickly is strong, and sometimes immediate reac-tion is warranted; but more often than not, it is through examination of the past that I find a path forward. These United States have weathered many crises over the centuries—some of our own making—but by better un-derstanding of them, I can better ana-lyze the present and better see a future of America peaceful, prosperous, and free. Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues have stories to tell of the great works that the NEA and NEH have supported in their districts, and I will share some of those stories as well. But I hope my words on the history of the Endow-ments have helped shape our under-standing of their incredible purpose and ideals of President Kennedy, Presi-dent Johnson, Senator Pell, and their colleagues. America is better for the Endow-ments existing. The world is better for it. To cast them away in a budget out-line that zeros them out without even a word of justification is a tragedy. b1115 It dismisses the ideals of our forbearers as insignificant. It ignores the half century of work that many of my colleagues here have done to pro-mote our culture through the Endow-ments. And in the cruelest of ironies, it does so without engaging with the very disciplines it dismisses as unneeded. It cannot and will not go unchallenged. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). The gentleman has co-led this effort with me, and he proudly co- chairs the Caucus on the Humanities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.027 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2772 April 6, 2017 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding and for taking up this Special Order to focus on the role of the En-dowments for the Arts and the Human-ities in American life and the need for us in this body to have some historical perspective and appreciation of that, and to rise to the occasion of the chal-lenge presented by the Trump prelimi-nary budget to make certain that these efforts are appreciated, and, more im-portantly, that they are funded, that they are supported in this body and in our budget for fiscal 2018. I am glad that the gentleman took some time to give us a history lesson. He comes by this advocacy honestly be-cause he is the Representative from Rhode Island. The inspiration behind the Endowments, back in the 1960s, was Senator Claiborne Pell of Rhode Island, a towering figure in the Senate. I suppose I am one of the few Mem-bers around here who has been around long enough to remember Claiborne Pell. I never served with him, but I was a young staff member in the U.S. Sen-ate when Claiborne Pell was going strong. I first got a job as a summer intern and then returned summer after sum-mer. I ended up writing a dissertation out of the Senate office of Senator Bob Bartlett of Alaska who was a friend and collaborator of Claiborne Pell’s. Pell had many things going. I re-member his chairman, Senator Lister Hill of Alabama. When I interviewed him at one point, he remarked on Clai-borne and how just Claiborne had ev-erything going. You had to really work to keep up with him. But these Endowments were favorite projects of Claiborne Pell and of that uniquely fertile period in the history of this Congress when these efforts were pioneered and established, and, of course, they have enriched our na-tional life ever since. As the gentleman from Rhode Island mentioned, I have been honored to co- chair the Congressional Humanities Caucus. I have also been a member for a long time of the Congressional Arts Caucus. It is at least in part in that capacity I speak out today in defense of these Endowments, but also as a U.S. citizen, as a former academic who appreciates the role both of these Endowments play in supporting academic life and research into our history, our culture, our national background. And not just research at the very top levels of our great universities, al-though they do some of that, but also the kind of local historical under-standing that is developed through local arts councils and through local groups who research history and put on pageants and who educate young peo-ple and who do so much to enrich our national life from the bottom up. One of the strengths, I think, of both the Arts and the Humanities Endow-ments, maybe their greatest strength, is their grassroots character—how they work to make history and the arts real and tangible and meaningful to young people coming along and to our local communities. That is one reason their political support is so strong and so broad in terms of the political spectrum. We all know there have been times in the past where opportunistic politicians took out after the arts and the humanities thinking that maybe they could get a point or two by pretending to be antielitist or something like that. Ef-forts fall flat because Members of this body and most Americans know that the Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities operate at anything other than an elitist fashion. They have managed to, at one and the same time, support the great achievements of our top research insti-tutions but also to fund all sorts of ac-tivity at the local level, to the grass-roots level, that has enriched our un-derstanding of who we are and where we came from. There was a Commission on the Hu-manities organized by the American Academy of Arts & Sciences a few years ago. It was co-chaired by the dis-tinguished president of Duke Univer-sity, Dick Brodhead, and a prominent businessman, John Rowe. The heart of the matter is the report that they pro-duced. I would recommend to col-leagues that report. It is not a report designed to gather dust on a shelf. It is a report designed to be an action docu-ment to help us understand that the humanities in this country are an im-portant part of our educational excel-lence. They are an important part of our competitiveness internationally. The humanities are important to na-tional security and to the business world in terms of languages and cul-tural understanding and the kind of historical perspective that people need to operate in the modern world. We all have our stories about how the humanities have enriched our lives and given us understanding. I experience that every day, not in a direct applica-tion necessarily but some kind of ap-preciation of where we have come from historically. What is the validity of some of these idealogical arguments that we hear? What is the history of our institution and of our role at crit-ical moments? There is so much, what-ever your walk of life, whether you are a Member of Congress or a businessper-son or whatever. You are not going to get an instant history when you need it, when you need to have that under-standing and that perspective. You gain this only by virtue of your edu-cational background and what is avail-able to you in terms of resources to deepen your understanding, and then you draw on that later, and it is ex-tremely important to have that to draw on. We need to situate ourselves, in this body especially, situate ourselves his-torically and understand the chal-lenges we face. A broad liberal arts education is simply irreplaceable as a way of doing that. There are no more effective champions of broad liberal arts education and all of its facets than the Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities. They have a robust system of part-nerships with State agencies, local leaders, and the philanthropic sector. I particularly appreciate, in my district, the Carolina Ballet; the North Carolina Symphony, which gave a wonderful performance at the Kennedy Center as part of a series to celebrate State or-chestras last week; and the National Humanities Center in my district also, a home for first-rate research in the humanities where scholars come year in and year out. There is an economic impact that is sometimes not fully appreciated. A re-cent analysis by the Bureau of Eco-nomic Analysis found that our Nation’s arts and cultural capacity produces over $700 billion in economic output and supports millions of jobs. Coming down to specific programs, in fiscal year 2016 alone, the Endowment for the Humanities museums grants le-veraged $33 million into an additional $104 million. That is a pretty good re-turn, quite a return, for the American taxpayer. In fact, every dollar that the State Humanities Council gives out in grants, since fiscal year 2015, leveraged at least $5 at the local and State level. There are all kinds of reasons for us to appreciate the arts and the human-ities—the ways they enrich our lives, the kind of ways they equip this coun-try and this country’s young people to be insightful, to be creative, to think outside the box, to develop their skills to the fullest extent for their own good and also for the good of our country. In the face of all this, how can it be that the preliminarily budget of the Trump administration proposes elimi-nating these time-tested and produc-tive programs? I don’t believe that will stand. I don’t believe Members of either party in this body will let it stand. The funding al-ready is very modest for these institu-tions. I am not talking about meeting the Trump administration halfway. I am talking about restoring full funding for the Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities and standing up proud-ly for these institutions and under-standing and furthering understanding of the role they play in our national life. Where did this proposal come from? I know where it came from—an outside rightwing think tank. That is the only credential that I know that this pro-posal from the preliminary budget has. I hope and believe that this was an overly hasty inclusion in that prelimi-nary budget based on nothing more than this think tank’s proposal. I know it is up for reconsideration, I hope by the administration itself, but certainly by this body, as we put to-gether our budget for 2018 and also our appropriations bills for the year. We have got to stand up for our insti-tutions’ prerogatives in this case, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.029 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2773 April 6, 2017 
exercise those prerogatives on behalf of our own constituents, our own commu-nities, and two of the finest and most efficient and most effective uses of Federal funds that are in the whole budget, the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities. Let’s hold fast in our investment. It is one of the most efficient we make in terms of leveraging private, nonprofit, and corporate dollars. It is one of the very most effective in enriching our national life. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend again for taking up this Special Order. I am happy to work with him on this, and we will count on a cooperative effort going forward. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his out-standing comments, his insights, and his leadership on the arts and human-ities issues. As co-chair of the Human-ities Caucus here in the Congress, I ap-preciate his efforts in helping me orga-nize and colead this effort to speak out against the effort to zero out the Na-tional Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities budget. We hope it will not stand, and we hope that the Presi-dent will reconsider his initial budget proposal. I am proud to yield to a number of my colleagues and want to begin with the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), no shrinking violet himself, someone who is artistic and colorful in his own right, but it is no surprise to me that being from New Jersey he would be here since it was one of his late colleagues, the former Congress-man from New Jersey, Frank Thomp-son, who was the House sponsor of the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Is-land. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for the National En-dowments for the Arts and the Human-ities. I want to associate myself with the comments of the gentleman from Rhode Island and the gentleman from North Carolina. As a former teacher, I have seen firsthand how important the arts and humanities are in educating our kids and bettering society as a whole. It has been shown that exposure to the arts stimulates students’ learning, their motivation, and their creativity. Those students involved in the arts score significantly higher in the SATs than other students. Now, more than ever, the arts often seem to be one of the first programs cut from a school or a government budget. In fact, this President has proposed eliminating both the Endowments en-tirely—the first time any President has proposed such a measure. This has been supported by Democrats and Repub-licans because it is meaningful to the entire Republic. The NEA, the National Endowment for the Arts, has already sustained sig-nificant budget reductions. The NEA appropriation is 12 percent lower than it was in 2010. It declined to $19.5 mil-lion. And while I understand, when every-thing is a priority, nothing is a pri-ority, I understand that this priority affects the spirit of the greatest Nation in the world. b1130 The importance of arts and human-ities is not something we should even forget, even in the face of tough eco-nomic times. The arts support 4.7 mil-lion full-time United States jobs and, as you have heard, creates billions in economic activity each year. In New Jersey, the National Endow-ment for the Arts last year provided over $1 million in direct grant funding to 13 arts organizations, community groups, schools, and artists, as well as enabled the New Jersey State Council on the Arts to award 171 grant and nongrant services totalling over $13 million. So there are consequences and a ripple effect to the few Federal dol-lars that are provided and targeted. In my hometown of Paterson, New Jersey, the Council for the Humanities has awarded grant funding to the Ham-ilton Partnership for Paterson in sup-port of their work for the Great Falls National Historical Park. Humanities organizations like these enrich the cultural and historical bene-fits of the Great Falls through pro-gramming and community involve-ment initiatives. That is why it is cru-cial that we ensure that they receive the funding and the recognition they deserve. The budget proposal does damage to Americans across the board. One area taking a massive hit, if I may use a parallel, is health care. This budget would cripple the NIH, the National In-stitutes of Health, slashing funding by $5.8 billion, equal to 19 percent of the current $30.8 billion discretionary budget. The budget takes aim at vital antipoverty programs that directly im-pact health care because poverty causes poor health. So our physical health is going to take a toll. But it is our mental health that could be improved through a strong arts foundation, helping to relieve stresses and lift American spirits. Spir-itual health of Americans, supported by the NEA and the NEH, is a key piece of our overall well-being. As an active member of the Congres-sional Arts Caucus, I have spent years opposing those who wanted to slash funding for the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities. I will continue to work with my col-leagues—and I pledge to you today that I will—on these Federal initiatives that possess widespread and bipartisan support. Democrats and Republicans have al-ways come together on this issue. It lifts our spirit as a culture and a na-tion. You mentioned Yevtushenko be-fore, a Russian poet who came to New York City in the fifties. I only know a few words in Russian, but I went any-way because he was going to read his poetry in Russian. There was no inter-preter there. Yevtushenko had been in the midst of the Russian Revolution. He had been in the midst of people trying to gain a voice. I just know a few words; none-theless, I was moved by his spirit, like watching a painting or looking at a photograph or going to a movie. I un-derstand without knowing the words. That is what a poem should be. It should be, regardless of meaning, in any language. Whether it is music, art, poetry, sculpture, cinema, photog-raphy, dance, it doesn’t matter. This is the heart of America. Our children are drawn to it. And we even use art and the humanities now to help those people through very distressing times, which is very interesting and fascinating. So I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) for yield-ing. I want him to know he has a part-ner. Once I partner, you know I am not going to go away. I also thank those who did stay to speak about this very critical issue. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I know everyone is on a tight time schedule, but I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) for staying and contributing his thoughts and his sup-port to this effort. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). I know that he is on a tight schedule to try to catch a train at noon. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for convening this Special Order hour and for his incredible leadership on this issue of the importance of the National Endowment for the Arts and the Na-tional Endowment for the Humanities, not only here in Congress, but for what the gentleman does back in Rhode Is-land to ensure that all Rhode Islanders have the ability to experience and enjoy the beauty of the arts and cul-ture in our great State. As the gentleman knows, and I am sure he has referenced, we come from the State of the late Senator Claiborne Pell, the founder of the National En-dowment for the Arts. So we feel a spe-cial privilege, and it is a great honor to stand and defend this great institution. As has been mentioned, art not only nourishes our soul, but it makes us more human and creates beauty in the world. We have had a number of events re-cently in Rhode Island where we have brought in invited artists and people who enjoy art to speak about what the impact might mean if we defunded the National Endowment for the Arts. There were so many beautiful words that were shared by a young woman who said: Art helped me find my voice. And she described kind of what her life had been before she became an art-ist. We know the economic impact of the arts. In my congressional district, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.030 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2774 April 6, 2017 
there are 1,340 arts-related businesses that employ almost 7,000 people. We spend in this country a very modest amount, .004 percent, so four one-thou-sandths of 1 percent is the budget of the National Endowment for the Arts. So it is a very modest budget. Forty percent of the programming for the National Endowment for the Arts supports activities in high-pov-erty areas. So the contributions it makes are enormous to our economy. For every dollar that is invested in the arts, it yields $51 in economic activity. So there are tremendous economic ben-efits to this. In addition to that, as was referenced by Representative P
RICE from North Carolina, arts, culture, and creativity are essential parts of the job skills for the 21st century. People want to em-ploy people who are entrepreneurial, creative, problem-solving; and arts and music are some of the best vehicles to develop those skills. So it is something which is impor-tant to the future economy of our country, to the kind of civilization that we will be a part of. It adds to the lives of everyone that we will rep-resent. I thank Representative L
ANGEVIN for giving me an opportunity to reinforce the importance of funding the National Endowment for the Arts and the Na-tional Endowment for the Humanities. It makes all the difference in the world to the kind of art experiences people have in this country. We invest a very modest amount of money, and it yields so much more that it is hard to imag-ine America without the National En-dowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) for leading this effort and for convening this Special Order hour. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman C
ICILLINE from Rhode Island for his comments and also for his partnership in helping to support the arts and humanities back home in Rhode Island and in our coun-try as a whole. As the gentleman said, we have a special connection to the arts and humanities, given the leader-ship of our late senior Senator Clai-borne Pell who created the National Endowment for the Arts and Human-ities in the first place, along with the support of his wife, Nuala Pell, who David and I both know very well. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) for his dedication to the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Human-ities, and for organizing this Special Order today. As the 12th Congressional District Representative from North Carolina, as a practicing professional artist, as an arts educator, a curator, and a retired 40-year visual arts professor, I am pleased to join with all of my col-leagues expressing my support for the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Hu-manities. I want to associate myself with the previous comments made by my colleagues from North Carolina and New Jersey as well. I have learned throughout my profes-sional arts education and arts manage-ment careers that, yes, the arts are nice; but beyond being nice, they are absolutely necessary and essential to enriching our lives. Artists connect the past to the present. They convey our unique expe-riences. And they are presented in many forms, sometimes familiar and other times unfamiliar. A universal language, the arts speak to people everywhere to help them un-derstand diversity and cultures and some of the most complicated issues. The arts and humanities are critical for adding value to our shared culture. They are not just used to mark cele-brations, but to challenge perceptions of society. Museums function as tools to house and preserve our collective history as a nation and bind us together as one community. Visual artists reflect on our society and they force us to rec-oncile our past. Writers record history and expose and challenge readers to different ideals presented in our soci-ety. Musicians transcend social and cultural boundaries to connect the lis-tener through the sound of their in-struments. Time and time again, we have made a conscious decision to fund the arts and the humanities, signaling that we in-trinsically value the arts as being cru-cial to our collective identity. The NEA and the NEH have been and continue to be necessary to the success of the arts and humanities in my home State of North Carolina. As a Rep-resentative of Charlotte, one of the largest cities in the South, I under-stand how important the NEA and the NEH is to Charlotte’s unique and thriv-ing art culture. In 2016, the NEA invested $60,000 in grants in Charlotte for programs such as the Children’s Theatre of Charlotte Inc.’s performance of the ‘‘Journey to Oz’’ and the McColl Center for Art and Innovation’s exhibition and residency featuring Latino and Hispanic artists. NEA grants make these cultural events possible not just in my State, but in States throughout this Nation. The arts not only provide entertain-ment, but they also encourage us to think critically. Advocates and re-searchers have shown that the arts have a positive impact on a young per-son’s development. And because of this understanding, the arts and music were included in the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act as part of a well-rounded education. The NEA is a critical component to ensuring strong arts education in our schools. Through direct grants, the NEA is able to support crucial pre-school through 12th grade education projects. By establishing partnerships with our colleges and universities, the NEA is able to engage with our institutions of higher learning to provide necessary grants to preserve and restore historic works of art. As a college art professor, I had the privilege of working with the NEA to secure a matching grant, which al-lowed the college to preserve and re-store a historic painting by Aaron Douglas, the father of the Harlem Ren-aissance. In order to continue to ensure that our students remain competitive in a global society, we must continue to fund the arts. In addition to the cultural and edu-cational impact of the arts, they play an important role in helping our vet-erans transition to civilian life and combat physical and mental illnesses. Through the NEA Military Healing Arts Partnership, the NEA has worked with the Department of Defense to cre-ate an art therapy program to treat servicemembers with traumatic brain injuries and associated psychological health issues at the Walter Reed Na-tional Military Medical Center. This program places art therapy at the cen-ter of a multidisciplinary treatment approach. Through art therapy, our brave serv-icemen and -women are able to receive specialized treatment that enable them to heal both their physical and their mental wounds. Participants in the program have found relief and have seen vast improvements in sleep, com-munication, pain, and their ability to confront emotional challenges. This program has also invested in critical research on the impacts and the bene-fits of this treatment. The NEA’s budget for fiscal year 2017 was $148 million, just .004 percent of the Federal budget, a small amount. Through a relatively small invest-ment in the arts, we are able to yield large returns. Not only do the arts serve us culturally in terms of being significant, but the nonprofit arts and the cultural sector is an economic driv-er, supporting about 4.13 million jobs and contributing to a gross domestic product of 4.2 percent, or about $729 bil-lion. b1145 The arts are crucial. They are crit-ical to our culture. They are crucial to our education and to our economy. And in all respects, it is the arts that make us human. So funding for NEA and the NEH must remain in the Federal budg-et. I would urge my colleagues to sup-port us in that effort to keep the arts as a viable part of our budget, which means that it will be a viable part of our communities. I thank the gentleman so much for putting together this Special Order and for allowing me to have input today. Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gentle-woman for her presence here today but, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.031 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2775 April 6, 2017 
most especially, for her outstanding words and participation in this effort. Thank you for what you have contrib-uted here today, your wonderful per-spective. I hope it catches the Presi-dent’s attention and, hopefully, re-verses this effort to zero out funding for the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities. Mr. Speaker, some may think of the arts and humanities as just luxuries or extras, but they are not. They are cen-tral to who we are. It is also about the jobs they create and how the artists and the folks from the humanities con-tribute to our economy, people who earn a living and pay taxes and, again, are a vibrant part of our communities, our States, and our country. So that is something else that is important to re-member. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud now to yield to my colleague from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), who has an important per-spective to offer. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for yielding. Thank you, Representative L
ANGEVIN , for leading us in this hour, and also for your great leadership on behalf of the arts and humanities. I am very pleased to join my col-leagues in taking this time to speak about the critical importance of the National Endowment for the Arts, NEA, and the National Endowment for the Humanities, NEH. Any great civil society will grow even stronger by embracing the arts and humanities, and certainly Amer-ica, when she embraces the arts and the humanities, grows to the greatest potential; so the greatness of America is reflected by that interest and that investment. At a time when some are arguing that we must cut our way to success, I would remind them that investments in the arts and in humanities are in-vestments in our workforce and in our economy. I fully support funding for these programs. The National Endowment for the Arts provides a foundation for Amer-ica’s artistic excellence, her creativity, and innovation that benefits individ-uals, communities, and our industries. As NEA Chair Jane Chu once said: ‘‘Although many may not realize it, the arts actively intersect with areas such as the economy, human develop-ment, and community vitality.’’ The NEA, as a strong sponsor of the arts and artists, is an integral source of strength at these intersections, chal-lenging students to turn imaginative ideas into brilliant solutions for gen-erations to come. Art in our communities, and espe-cially in our schools, is indeed vital. It is one of the most important ways that we celebrate our unique regional herit-age and expand our own horizons of creativity and innovation. In the capital region of New York, the area that I am so proud to rep-resent, we value the arts. So much of our artistic achievement would not be possible without the National Endow-ment for the Arts. For many years, the Albany Sym-phony Orchestra has received NEA grants in support of the American Music Festival. The Arts Center of the Capital Re-gion has received NEA grants for exhi-bitions, workshops, and master classes. Yaddo has been the recipient of many NEA grants to support residencies for collaborative teams. Fence magazine uses NEA grants for publication of books of poetry and podcasts. Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute was just awarded an NEA grant for residencies to create works inves-tigating the intersection of art, media, technology, and, yes, science. Without the NEA, these programs would not be there to enrich our com-munities and our lives. National Endowment for the Human-ities awards also support research and innovation, strengthen critical think-ing and writing skills, as well as strengthen humanities education in all institutions of learning. Supporting the growth of the human-ities in our communities is just as es-sential. The National Endowment for the Humanities has contributed in many ways to the capital region, which has a very rich history and heritage worthy of preservation, promotion, and celebration. Many of our institutes of higher edu-cation have benefited from these grants, including RPI, Skidmore, Union College, and SUNY Albany, to name a few. Some of the projects that have been funded by NEH include the Under-ground Railroad History Project of the Capital Region, which explores the complex relationship between the Un-derground Railroad, the end of the Civil War and Reconstruction in our re-gion, as well as the influence of these events on our contemporary society. Investments in the humanities also drive us to be better citizens. NEH has supported the League of Women Voters of New York State Education Founda-tion, which is working toward the cele-bration of women’s right to vote and the 100th anniversary of the League of Women Voters in New York State to celebrate the upcoming events com-memorating the women’s suffrage cen-tennial. Grant recipients include the Girl Scouts, the Troy Boys and Girls Club, libraries, museums, high schools, and elementary schools. Our history re-minds us of the pride that comes with developing community and neighbor-hood, investments that those who came before us made in growing families, de-veloping households, building neigh-borhoods in powerful and meaningful ways. This conversation is also closely linked to two other important fields that are intertwined with the arts and humanities. First, I am a longtime sup-porter of America’s heritage areas, spe-cial places that have played important roles in shaping our Nation. They tell the stories of people and communities, the pioneer spirit of which laid the foundations of our society. Heritage areas provide enormous eco-nomic benefits, and I greatly appre-ciate the work that the Erie Canalway and Hudson Valley heritage areas have done for upstate New York. As the co- chair of the Congressional National Heritage Area Caucus, I continue to be impressed by how the entire National Heritage Areas program operates on a very small budget. These cost-effective programs create jobs and grow our local economies. In fact, each Federal dollar invested in this program leverages more than $5 in non-Federal funds. That is exactly the kind of smart investing we need to see more of. By the way, thank you to the 77 Members who joined me in supporting funding for heritage areas. I am also supporting funding for the Institute of Museum and Library Serv-ices because museums are a vital part of our communities and educational in-frastructure. These museums collec-tively employ 400,000 Americans and have an impact of $20 billion in their communities. During my time in Congress, I have been a steadfast advocate for our Na-tion’s museums, and I have urged my colleagues to robustly fund the Insti-tute of Museum and Library Services, the primary agency that supports our Nation’s 33,000 museums. It is highly accountable, and its great competitive, peer-reviewed grants programs serve all States. This year, we had 166 Members sign-ing on to that letter. So it is very obvi-ous, NEH, NEA, IMLS, and National Heritage Areas are fundamental invest-ments in our communities. They make life richer, more meaningful; they in-spire us; they challenge us. They need to be funded. Let’s move forward with the critical funding they require and deserve. Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gen-tleman from New York for his com-ments and for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time we have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). The gentleman from Rhode Island has approximately 12 minutes remaining. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield now to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for yielding and for lead-ing this important conversation. We come here today to call attention to a misguided turn that this adminis-tration proposes to take in our coun-try’s cultural history. I am the only Ph.D physicist in Con-gress, so I frequently come to the floor to speak out in defense of science and scientific research, but I am here today 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.034 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2776 April 6, 2017 
for another reason, to call attention to the grave threat that President Trump’s budget poses to the future of our country’s arts and culture. What is it that makes a country great; and how will our country be viewed a generation from now, a cen-tury from now, or in the next mil-lennia? To answer this question, we can only look to the great nations of the past. Why was Athens great in a way that Sparta never was? Why is Florence, under the Medici, revered and remembered in a way that its forgotten competitors never are? It is because, after they defended their homeland, after they conquered their rivals in war, after they tri-umphed in commerce, those countries invested a significant fraction of their national wealth in things that had nothing to do with material conquest. The Medici supported the science and the art of Leonardo da Vinci, Michelan-gelo, and the Renaissance masters; and Athens supported the immortal accom-plishments of the Greek storytellers, historians, artists, and philosophers, and that is what made them great. For many decades, our country has supported the arts and humanities through the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities. Now our President has proposed a budget that would cut these Endowments com-pletely in favor of more defense spend-ing and a useless wall on our southern border. The National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities provide crit-ical funding for students and organiza-tions throughout the country, includ-ing in my district in Illinois. His budg-et proposes that we wipe them away completely. These cuts might make the President feel like a hero in the short term, but they will be a disaster for our country’s place in human his-tory. Programs that support understanding of the arts and humanities play a vital role in our society. They give us knowledge and a shared cultural base that we rely on every day, regardless of what career we go into. And they also help children and students of all ages embrace the complexity and the won-der of humanity. History, literature, and the arts con-nect us to a common past and allow us to explore our differences and to under-stand places beyond our own imagina-tions. Simply put, the arts and human-ities teach us how to be compassionate and understanding toward other peo-ple. This is what makes America truly great. The National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities help show us what it means to be human because, regardless of who you are and what you do, knowledge, empathy, and compassion are the national values and the human values that we need to defend, not with bombs and fighter jets, but with sus-tained support and the cultivation of knowledge and culture. Now, for most of my career in science, I worked at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory. The founding director of Fermilab, Robert Wilson, spoke eloquently about this over 40 years ago. Bob was a physicist who worked on the Manhattan Project and who walked away from his security clearance and dedicated his life to pure science, to building giant accelerators, experiments, international collabora-tions at Fermilab to explore the funda-mental properties of matter. He was also an artist who, after he made all of the magnets and particle accelerators, then filled his laboratory with graceful and imaginative art. In 1969, he was called to testify in front of the Joint Committee on Atom-ic Energy to answer why it was that we were spending all of this money at Fermilab during the Cold War and what all this had to do with the na-tional defense. Robert Wilson looked the committee in the eye and said that all of the work at Fermilab, driven by natural human curiosity, has nothing at all to do with the national defense except, perhaps, to make our country more worth defend-ing. So I would hope that a President so bent on building his wall and increas-ing our defense budget by over $50 bil-lion, to the detriment of funding for education, science, and the arts, would pause for a moment and heed those words from history so that a century from now, when our children and grandchildren look back on this time in our country’s history, they will see that the human values of our country were always what made it more worth defending, in part, because of the greatness that the National Endow-ments for the Arts and the Humanities have sustained for decades. So I thank my colleague from Rhode Island for this important discussion. Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gen-tleman from Illinois for his great com-ments and for his participation here today. It is very deeply impactful, and I am grateful. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Rhode Island has approxi-mately 7 minutes remaining. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, like my colleagues, I too have stories of the impact that the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities have back home, and some of these stories are small and deeply personal. I would like to thank the wonderful leaders of the Rhode Island Arts and Humanities Council for helping to collect them so that I can share them with everyone here today. b1200 The State of Rhode Island is deeply indebted to Randy Rosenbaum and Dr. Elizabeth Francis for their work in promoting the arts and humanities. The State councils are an essential component of the Endowments’ efforts, and we are incredibly lucky in Rhode Island to have Elizabeth and Randy heading up our initiatives. One of the stories they shared comes from FirstWorks, an NEA-supported organization that helps connect stu-dents experiencing new types of per-formance with artists premiering new pieces. FirstWorks recently helped bring together a Philadelphia hip-hop group with high school students in downtown Providence. The students participated in a workshop with one of the dancers one day and followed it up with a lecture and a matinee perform-ance the next. FirstWorks had just created a Span-ish-language version of their student survey, which they administered after the matinee performance. Students were asked to rate their enjoyment and explain why they gave their answer. Two Spanish-speaking students re-sponded that they loved the perform-ance because it was ‘‘the first time they went to one.’’ The FirstWorks team weren’t exactly sure what the students meant. Was it the first matinee? Was it the first time seeing the hip-hop group? So they fol-lowed up with the teacher, who wrote back: ‘‘These students have never been to a live performance. It just goes to show you how important these oppor-tunities are for our population. They will remember this forever.’’ This is the kind of impact the arts can have on our communities. Another story comes from an artist who has, with the help of State Arts Council funding, been working with un-derserved communities for 6 years. She helps students learn to apply them-selves to art projects in a way that builds self-confidence and helps them learn the power of their imaginations. About an elementary school student named Danny, she wrote: ‘‘When I first started working with him, he did noth-ing but whine and cry and insist he couldn’t do anything. With my encour-agement, he took his own ideas and went with them—in a puppet work-shop, he made three stuffed animals in-stead. He sleeps with them every night now. They make him feel safe.’’ There are hundreds of these stories in Rhode Island alone, and they would simply not be possible without the sup-port of the Endowments. Of course, some projects supported by NEA and NEH are on a much larger scale. It is virtually impossible right now to find a Rhode Islander who, today, doesn’t know about WaterFire, Providence’s massively successful cre-ative placemaking project. I have expe-rienced this wonderful WaterFire many times myself. For those of my colleagues who have not had the pleasure of attending a WaterFire—and, Mr. Speaker, I am happy to extend an invitation to all of my colleagues to come and to visit—it is a dynamic sculpture, basically, with dozens of these metal baskets or metal braziers transforming the rivers of downtown Providence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.035 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2777 April 6, 2017 
This groundbreaking artwork has completely transformed Saturday nights in Providence, with tens of thousands of people flocking downtown for each lighting and the performances, music, and camaraderie that accom-pany it. It is hard to describe it in words, but it has been transformative. WaterFire really has fundamentally al-tered the way Providence is viewed and the way the people of Providence view themselves. Support from NEA is help-ing WaterFire further explore creative placemaking, and it is incredibly meaningful. A final thought to share comes from Professor Touba Ghadessi, a board member for the Rhode Island Council on the Humanities. Professor Ghadessi was asked to share her thoughts on why NEH matters for all Rhode Island-ers, and I truly cannot improve upon her words. This is what she had to say: ‘‘The Rhode Island Council for the Humanities uncovers beautiful stories about individuals and places and brings them to life—these stories become our history and make us understand that we, too, write the narratives that con-struct culture. The intentionally di-verse programming that RICH supports builds communities that, eventually, will view diversity as normalcy—this normalcy is the one I aspire to con-struct for the next generation. RICH allows for our best selves to come for-ward and celebrate together what cul-ture teaches us—from the struggles of social justice, to the legacy of first peoples, to the craft of filmmaking for children. All of these things matter. All of these things make us better human beings. All of these things turn us into ethical and engaged citizens of the world. Without an understanding of the humanities, opinions become facts and truth is debatable. History has of-fered us a roadmap to behaving with integrity—we can’t ignore it or igno-rance wins.’’ Mr. Speaker, I cannot think of more important words for these times, and I would ask all of my colleagues to re-flect on what it will take to view diver-sity as normalcy and why it seems today that the truth is debatable. Mr. Speaker, I thank all my col-leagues for being here today. I am proud to share my thoughts on why it is so important that we not zero out the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities and the incredible im-pact they have on our communities. I have one more story from my district about the impact of the arts and humanities that I’d like to share. It, too, relates to the legacy of Senator Pell, but it also points to the broader cuts to arts and humanities in the President’s budget out-line. A decade after the passage of the National Foundation for the Arts and Humanities Act, Senator Pell was again at the forefront of cul-tural preservation and promotion when he sponsored legislation creating the Office of Museum Services. While the Office was eventually rolled into the Institute of Museum and Library Services, it continues to support great work, which I saw firsthand last year in my district when the Tomaquaq Museum in Exeter was awarded the prestigious National Medal for Museum and Library Service. Recently, we in Rhode Island have been celebrating the 350th anniversary of our char-ter and Roger Williams’s respect for the Indig-enous People he lived among. But far too often, this story treats Rhode Is-land’s tribes as bit players rather than delving into their rich culture and history. The Tomaquag Museum’s founders recog-nized this flaw in the narrative in the 1950s, and while I’m disappointed it took the rest of us so long to catch up, I’m incredibly proud of all the recognition it’s received of late. The Tomaquag Museum remains the only Rhode Island institution dedicated solely to the history and culture of the state’s indigenous population, and I have experienced its power to start conversations and change attitudes in our communities. Unfortunately, IMLS, too, is slated for de-fending under the President’s budget outline. We are very lucky that my home state Sen-ator, J
ACK REED, has taken up Senator Pell’s mantle in pushing for its reauthorization and full funding. But it is important that all of my colleagues join together to protect the NEA, the NEH, IMLS, and support for the arts and humanities throughout the federal budget. We must do so because of the lives touched and forever altered by these organi-zations. We must do so in order to achieve a better understanding of the past, a better analysis of the present, and a better view of the future. We must do so because it is good policy. I hope that hearing the stories shared today has helped cement that fact in the minds of my colleagues, and I look forward to working with them to continue to promote the arts and humanities. With that, I again thank all my colleagues who joined me this morning. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REMEMBERING WORLD WAR I The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, today, exactly 100 years ago, on this very floor, the United States declared war on Imperial Germany and entered the First World War on the side of the Al-lies. The decisions that led to that monumental declaration forever changed America’s destiny, economy, military, foreign policy, and culture. Today also marks the beginning of our National Centennial remembrance of America’s service in World War I for the sacrifices made by all Americans and for the more than one-quarter of a million American casualties, including over 100,000 dead, most of whom were lost in a mere 6-month period from May to November 1918. By the war’s end, my great-grand-father and his three brothers would all serve. My great-grandfather’s brother, my great-uncle, Frank Chamberlain, was killed in action. This is his pipe that he was carrying when he was killed in France, his dog tags, and his uniform insignia that I was able to in-herit from my great-grandfather. He lays peacefully in France under a white marble military gravestone, a scant, faceless hint of the man who was once filled with laughter and humor, who held dreams, hopes, and goals for the future. Frank was 19 years old. On April 6, 1917, our country was for-ever changed, and it began right here on this very floor. It is only fitting, Mr. Speaker, that we give remem-brance to its beginning here today. I am indeed indebted to the fine work of Dr. Eric B. Setzekorn of the United States Army’s Center of Military His-tory for his material from ‘‘Joining the Great War,’’ which forms the basis for today’s remembrance. After the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria on the 28th of June 1914, which led to the military mobilization across Europe and declarations of war by early August, most Americans took solace that the Atlantic Ocean shielded the United States from the conflict. The Chicago Herald summed up the popular support for isolation from Europe’s strife in its article that said: ‘‘Peace-loving citizens of this country will now rise up and tender a hearty vote of thanks to Columbus for having discovered America.’’ Germany’s invasion of neutral Belgium brought Great Britain into the war and di-vided Europe into two great camps. Britain joined France and Russia to form the Triple Entente, more commonly referred to as the Allied Powers. Opposed to them were Ger-many and Austria-Hungary, making up the Central Powers. President Woodrow Wilson believed that the immoral nature of European politics cre-ated entangling alliances that transformed a regional conflict into a global war that threatened world peace. The President deliv-ered a Declaration of Neutrality to this very Congress on the 19th of August 1914, calling on all citizens to remain ‘‘impartial in thought, as well as in action.’’ However, be-tween late 1914 and early 1917, the escalating conflict tested American traditions of isola-tionism as it threatened to draw the Nation closer to the war. The initial German offensive against France ended in September at the Battle of the Marne, after which both sides attempted a series of flanking maneuvers to gain the advantage. Neither side proved capable of overcoming the killing power that machine guns and rapid-firing artillery brought to the defensive, and the battle lines all along the Western Front stabilized in a vast system of trenches stretching from Switzerland all the way to the English Channel. This was a new type of warfare, with soldiers subjected to prolonged stress and danger, with little chance for daring heroics or martial glory. Behind the trenches, the development of sophisticated supply systems that were able to support millions of men and massive lev-els of firepower and the ability to rush re-serves to block any potential enemy break-through led to a vicious stalemate. On the broad expanses of the Eastern Front, Germany and Austria were locked in a brutal war of attrition with Russia, where logistics and artillery shells counted far more than bravery. To break through the deadlock, the com-batants attempted to smash through enemy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.037 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2778 April 6, 2017 
lines with ever larger offensives. Attacks in 1915 saw tens of thousands of soldiers and hundreds of artillery pieces deployed along only a few miles of the front, trying to win through sheer weight of numbers and ord-nance. The result was thousands of dead and gains measured in yards after weeks of con-stant fighting. Poison gas, first used by the Germans in April 1915 and later adopted by every nation, added to the daily misery and danger. By 1916, as the industrial economies of Ger-many, France, and Britain became fully geared toward war production, battles in-creased in scale and destructiveness. In the fight of the fortress of Verdun between Feb-ruary and December, the French and Ger-mans suffered more than 1 million casualties combined. On the first day of the Somme Offensive on the 1st of July 1916, the British and French fired more than 2 million artillery shells into the German lines in support of 19 divi-sions attacking along only a 20-mile front. Despite this colossal weight of numbers, the British alone suffered 57,000 casualties on the very first day and did not break the German defenses. By the time the Somme ended in mid-November, all sides had suffered more than a combined 1 million casualties, while the front moved fewer than 10 miles. As a re-sult, Verdun and the Somme became synony-mous with the slaughter and destruction that defined the Western Front. As the stalemate in France continued, U.S. political and public opinion began to shift from neutrality toward support for the Al-lies. German atrocities in Belgium, at times exaggerated by Allied propaganda, shocked many Americans. Additionally, in early 1915, the Germans began an effort to isolate the British Isles by using submarines, known as Unterseeboote, or U-boats, to attack British merchant shipping. 
b1215 
The German campaign, which consisted of the unrestricted sinking of any merchant vessel bound for Britain, was portrayed by American newspapers as a cowardly and im-moral method of warfare. On the 1st of May 1915, a German U-boat sank the British liner RMS Lusitania, killing 1,198 men, women, and children, including 128 American citizens onboard. After the attack, The New York Times called on President Wilson to ‘‘demand that the Germans shall no longer make war like savages drunk with blood.’’ Fearing that such action could pull the United States into the war, and concerned over British violations of American shipping rights, President Wilson continued his policy of neutrality. Seeking to take the moral high road, he proclaimed: ‘‘There is such a thing as a man being too proud to fight . . . There is such a thing as a Nation being so right that it does not need to convince oth-ers by force that it is right.’’ However, after the Germans sank the French passenger ferry SS Sussex in March 1916, Wilson threatened to break off diplo-matic relations with Germany. In May, the Germans pledged to abandon unrestricted submarine warfare, though they reserved the right to attack legitimate targets such as armed merchant ships or those vessels car-rying war materiel. As Germany’s submarine campaign dam-aged its relations with the United States, America’s economic relationship with Brit-ain and France expanded. Faced with a war of attrition, the Allies relied on agricultural and industrial resources to support their war efforts. Despite a British blockade that severely cut American commerce and its friendly re-lations to the former central powers, U.S. trade with Europe more than doubled from 1913 to 1917. U.S. companies not only pro-vided civilian goods, but also war materiel. Bethlehem Steel alone supplied the Allies with over 20 million artillery shells between 1914 and 1918, while major weapons manufac-turers like Remington and Winchester sold rifles and guns. Allied governments relied heavily on the U.S. banking industry for bil-lions in loans to finance their war. Despite the United States’ growing eco-nomic ties to the Allies, the American public still preferred that the Nation remain neu-tral. The British Government’s brutal sup-pression of the 1916 Easter Rising in Ireland angered many Americans—and certainly, Irish Americans—as did its continued viola-tion of American neutral shipping rights through its blockade of Germany. As the casualty list grew during 1916, most Americans were thankful that they had not been drawn into the carnage engulfing Eu-rope. In November 1916, President Wilson won re-election by a narrow margin, largely on the slogan, ‘‘He kept us out of war.’’ However, circumstances changed rapidly in early 1917. Many Americans began to volunteer for the French, great Britain or Canada, like my Uncle Frank. Germany’s increasingly desperate strategic situation led to a resumption of unrestricted submarine warfare on the 31st of January 1917. This action broke the earlier pledge of the Germans to respect passenger shipping and convinced President Wilson to break dip-lomatic relations with Germany on the 3rd of February 1917. Soon after, the British Government pro-vided Wilson an intercepted communication from the German foreign secretary, Arthur Zimmermann, to the German envoy in Mex-ico. In the telegram, Zimmermann proposed that if the United States joined the war on the Allied side, Germany and Mexico should enter into an alliance. In return, Mexico, by taking up arms against the United States, would receive from Germany supplies, finan-cial assistance. Once a victory was achieved, Mexico could claim territory in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona. The State Department released the tele-gram to the Associated Press on the 28th of February, and the American public opinion turned sharply, as many became convinced of German duplicity and aggressive inten-tions. No longer was the war seen as simply a horrific folly by the European powers, but rather as a clear indication of the danger of unchecked militarism. With the abdication of the Russian czar in February 1917 and the rise of a provisional representative government, Americans came to see the war as a struggle that pitted de-mocracies against aggressive, authoritarian imperialists. Faced with this clear contrast, President Wilson addressed this very floor on April 2, 1917, in a joint session of Congress declaring his desire that: We shall fight for the things which we have always carried nearest our hearts—for democracy, for the right of those who submit to authority to have a voice in their governments, for the rights and lib-erties of small nations, for universal domin-ion of right by such a concert of free peoples as shall bring peace and safety to all nations and make the world itself at last free. On the 6th of April—100 years ago today, where I am standing—with concrete evidence of German hostility to the United States, to international peace, and to liberal democ-racy, Congress of the United States declared war on Germany. 
The first act of war committed on Germany was executed that very day, when the United States Army’s 1st Battalion, 22nd Infantry marched from Fort Jay, New York, to Hoboken, New Jersey, boarded and seized the German ships in the harbor and interned the German crews. I had the privilege to command the 1st Battalion, 22nd Infan-try in Iraq in 2003–2004. Among the ships seized that day on April 6, 1917, was the SS Vaterland, a luxury liner later renamed the USS Le-viathan. This luxury transport would send 10 percent of all doughboys to France and bring a great many of them home as well. The last American World War I vet-eran was Frank Buckles, who enlisted from Oakwood, Oklahoma, in August of 1917. He died only 6 years ago, in Feb-ruary 2011, at age 110. I had the privilege to know a great many World War I veterans. The last time I saw my great-grandfather was when I came home on leave as a young Army captain. As we had a very pleas-ant visit and it came to a close and I had to go, he told me: ‘‘Don’t go yet. I want to give you something.’’ He returned from his bedroom with some items in a cigar box that I re-member looking at as a kid. He said: ‘‘I want you to have these.’’ I said: ‘‘I can’t take these, grandpa. Those were your brother’s.’’ He said: ‘‘You will take them because I know you will keep Frank’s memory alive.’’ He was right. They have been dis-played by me ever since, wherever I have been. As we reflect today on the declara-tion of war 100 years ago on this very spot in 1917 that began the United States entry into World War I, let us embark on a national centennial re-membrance for all Americans of that day who sacrificed so much for our Re-public. They are all gone now, but as long as we who knew them have breath and remember them, they will live. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
BRIDGES ACADEMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 30 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last week-end I had the pleasure of visiting Bridges Academy, a charter school in State Road, North Carolina. The school was celebrating the decision by the North Carolina Department of Public Instruction unanimously to renew its charter for an additional 10 years. Bridges Academy opened in 1997 as one of the first charter schools in North Carolina. Established by a local community group, it is overseen by a grassroots, local board of directors. It serves a rural population from sur-rounding systems in Alleghany, Surry, Wilkes, and Yadkin counties, and Elkin city. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.038 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2779 April 6, 2017 
The mission of Bridges Academy is to provide all students with the oppor-tunity to develop an academic founda-tion that empowers students to reach their full potential. It has focused on students that are struggling in the tra-ditional school setting. The school is doing great work, espe-cially in regard to serving students with disabilities who, on average, make up 45 percent of the student body. There is a teacher assistant in each class providing accommodations and modifications to all students. End-of- grade proficiency among the subgroup of students with disabilities is in the top 3 percent of the State. Bridges Academy is fairly unique for a charter school in that it provides transportation for students in three counties. When nearly 90 percent of the student population is considered eco-nomically disadvantaged, the school offers free breakfast and lunch for all students through the Community Eli-gibility Provision, and a food backpack program is offered to the neediest stu-dents each Friday. All lead teachers at Bridges Academy are highly qualified, while 50 percent of the regular education teachers also hold licensure in special education. New leadership in both governing board members and administration several years ago has led to growth in account-ability, student population, and cam-pus construction. We have always known what makes a great school: it is a great principal who attracts great teachers and parental involvement. That is what you see at Bridges Academy. Don’t take my word for it, though. Listen to this testi-monial from a parent who wrote: ‘‘As the new school year approaches, I wanted to take a moment to write. I can’t thank you enough for being there for my daughter. ‘‘You and the Bridges staff have made such a difference in her life. Be-fore we moved here and found this won-derful school, my daughter was strug-gling. She was isolated and bullied by her classmates and so depressed that she didn’t fit in with the other children because of her emotional and learning disabilities. ‘‘At Bridges, she was welcomed with open arms and she knows that every-one on staff is working for her best in-terests. Finding her teacher, who is from our home State, was truly a bless-ing. She understood that my daughter needed to learn in a different way, and you helped her adjust to our new com-munity. ‘‘Always remember that you and the school that has done so much for my daughter will continue to have my sup-port.’’ The power of an excellent education is truly life-changing. I know because it changed mine. As a child, I attended public school. It was a very poor school, but it provided some very posi-tive experiences. The lessons learned and encouragement provided there have helped me go further in life and achieve more than I ever dreamed. There are countless stories just like mine. Every day, students take classes, hear lectures, or receive advice that will have long and lasting impacts on their lives. That is why it is so impor-tant we continue working to improve K–12 education and ensure all students are able to benefit from those opportu-nities. Every student in every school de-serves an excellent education, but, un-fortunately, we are falling far short of that goal as a nation. Thankfully, in-novative charter schools like Bridges Academy are providing thousands of families with new hope and oppor-tunity. School choice provides real hope to moms and dads, and school choice has provided the students at Bridges Acad-emy with a high-quality education and a greater chance to succeed in life. b1230 School choice is a powerful tool to help children succeed, and I am encour-aged by the momentum that is build-ing. The challenge we face is extending the promise of school choice to more students and families. As chairwoman of the House Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, that is a challenge I take seri-ously and one I am committed to tack-ling head-on. The bipartisan Every Student Suc-ceeds Act includes a number of reforms to expand school choice; and across the country, efforts are underway to em-power families with more educational options, including charter schools, home schooling, scholarship programs, and education savings accounts. We must ensure Federal policies sup-port—rather than discourage—innova-tive school choice and explore addi-tional opportunities to expand the promise of school choice. I look forward to the work ahead and exploring additional opportunities to provide parents more choices for their children’s education. 
THANK YOU TO NVIZION , INC. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on Monday night, fans across my home State and the entire country were ecstatic as we celebrated the University of North Carolina’s sixth NCAA men’s basket-ball championship. It was a thrilling evening. But in the Fifth District, one com-pany was getting to work. Five min-utes after the 71–65 victory against Gonzaga, the presses at NVIZION, Inc., in King, North Carolina, started mov-ing and printing thousands of cham-pionship T-shirts commemorating the national title. The company runs two presses on a typical day but ran four presses to fill the order of five different championship designs. The dedicated staff stayed until the last T-shirt was printed, folded, packaged, and picked up. Congratulations to the UNC players on their hard-fought victory, and thank you to the folks at NVIZION for producing the victory T-shirts that I am sure have been quickly snapped up by the university’s dedicated fans. How about them Heels? f 
REINING IN THE RADICAL ISLAMISTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is al-ways a privilege to be in this last bas-tion of civility. Sometimes it hasn’t been all that civil, but it has been a place where the rules were supposed to be enforced. I know there are all kinds of wild al-legations being thrown around. People seem to enjoy throwing them at this White House, but I think we all owe a debt of gratitude to the President this week. This has been a very big week, as an article by Kaitlan Collins from The Daily Caller points out: our President hosting three foreign leaders this week in what could be a big moment for for-eign policy. Well, this was dated April 2. One guest that he invited that I am so grateful that President Trump in-vited was the Egyptian President, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. It has been my privilege with some of our other col-leagues, and I have had other occasions alone to visit with him in Cairo. I am just so grateful he was invited because Egypt is doing everything it can. The leaders of Egypt right now are doing all they can to try to prevent an inter-national caliphate that is dominated and enforced by radical Islam. In years past, when I brought up that there are some radical Islamists who are wanting to create a new Ottoman Empire—and I think it is an indict-ment of some of our schools, both sec-ondary and college level, that more people are not familiar with world his-tory. So I referred some reporters to a map. Go look at a map, look at where the Ottoman Empire was, look at what countries were included in that empire, and look at what the Islamic State is trying to do, what al-Qaida had tried to do, and what radical Islam, with really Muslim Brotherhood playing a power-ful role in trying to create part of that caliphate, you look at what they have done, advances made, and it is very clear that those who wanted a new Ottoman Empire that many thought was over 100 years or so ago, we would never see the rise of radical Islam con-trolling so much of north Africa and Europe. Then, of course, during World War II, radical Islamists raised their heads. They had something in common with Hitler. Many don’t realize that radical Islamist leaders were allied with Hitler because they shared what? A common hatred for Jewish people. They both wanted Jewish people annihilated. They wanted a genocide. They wanted them wiped off the Earth. In the early days, the United States, to our dis-credit, did not do enough to help the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.040 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2780 April 6, 2017 
Jewish people who were the target of that genocide, both by radical Islamists but largely led by Hitler him-self. So when that great June uprising in Egypt that was completely peaceful by the Egyptian people—the only real vio-lence was instigated by the Muslim Brotherhood, and the Muslim Brother-hood continues to this very day to plot and to strategize to try to take back over the country of Egypt. With over 90 million people or so in Egypt with such a critical location, the Nile River run-ning through Egypt, being right there at the Suez Canal, being right there at the gate of the Middle East, being at the gate to north Africa from the east, it is a critical linchpin for any radical Islamist who wants to start with a ca-liphate. Of course, the true radicals, though they have some disagreements over what real radical Islam is, they all agree that to get back this worldwide caliphate, we actually must get Egypt back under radical Islamic control. Having met President el-Sisi, visited on a number of occasions, even before he was President, this is a man who wants to do the will of the people. He is also a man who has 20/20 vision when it comes to looking at the Muslim Brotherhood. It was rather tragic when President Obama and two Republican Senators started putting pressure on the 30-plus million Egyptians who made clear that despite Morsi, the Muslim brother leader who allegedly was elected de-spite the claims of fraud in the election that were not followed up on because of the threats that were made by the Muslim brothers that if you contest this election, we will burn Egypt down. But the 30 million after the election, once they saw Morsi was acting extra- constitutionally, he was taking powers that didn’t belong to him, really kind of following the model of Chavez in Venezuela where, yeah, he got elected, and then he used that position to start knocking off and eliminating competi-tion, pulling powers under himself. Morsi was doing that. And, of course, there is video of him taking marching orders from a radical Islamic leader. So some think he was more of a puppet at the whims of radical Islamic leaders. But that was such an incredible day for the world, when 30 million Egyp-tians, moderate Muslims, Christians, Jews, secularists, they went to the street. Some people are not aware, yes, there are Jews in Egypt. There is a millennia of history there. But they went to the street, and as I have men-tioned before, Mr. Speaker, the Pope there in Cairo has told me on more than one occasion just how deeply emo-tionally moving it was to have secularists, Muslims, and Jews come up to him and say there in the streets as they marched together peacefully: We are so sorry for the way you have been treated by the Muslim Brotherhood. We are so sorry for the persecution that our leaders have inflicted upon you and Christians here in Egypt. What a great day for the world when they demanded, peacefully but de-manded, the removal of the President who would be king, Muslim brother Morsi. And now we still have some in this country, former President Obama and others, who had such wrongheaded policies that put the world so much at risk by supporting Muslim Brother-hood, they complain that this Presi-dent, our President Trump, doesn’t know what he is doing. It appears to me he knows exactly what he is doing when it comes to radical Islam, to those who want an international ca-liphate, to those who are moderate Muslims, like President el-Sisi, who has actually had the courage to stand up, as I have not seen any national or international leader do, and tell a roomful of imams that it is critical that we get control of Islam back from the radicals who have hijacked it. It did a disservice when the last ad-ministration kept saying the Islamic State, the radicals in Egypt, radicals in Libya, al-Qaida, that they are not Islam. Well, yes, they are. And that is why President el-Sisi had to make clear: We need to get our religion back. Baghdadi, who is head of the Islamic State, has made very clear that, yes, the Islamic State is Islamic, and if moderate leaders don’t step up and rein in radical Islam, then this world is headed for disaster. Though we had some disagreements here recently on other matters, I still think that the media attention that is given claiming Trump is this crazy guy, that Donald Trump puts the world at risk, they are so reflective of the comments that were heard about a guy named Ronald Reagan when he was President. As I mentioned last fall in a private meeting with now President Trump, I said, you know, my study of American history seems to indicate that those Presidents who were considered by the media to be our smartest Presidents, when it came to foreign matters, for-eign policy, they were some of the least effective. b1245 In some cases, actually, terrible at foreign policy and foreign diplomacy, it seems that some of our most success-ful Presidents, when it comes to for-eign policy, have been depicted as being just a little bit crazy. And I mention to now President Trump, if he will remember back to the days of ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’ when it was funny, they did skits about Presi-dent Reagan. They enjoyed portraying President Reagan walking around as if he was in some daze or stupor, with his finger out asking where the red button is—‘‘Where is the red button?’’—like he was so anxious to start a nuclear war. But when you analyze the history of our Presidents and their effectiveness at foreign policy, I think you actually end up seeing that, when the world is a little bit concerned about a United States President being just a little bit crazy—‘‘That guy is crazy enough, he may start a nuclear war’’—it is a fan-tastic help to diplomacy, so that when a President like Reagan or Trump says, ‘‘This is it. Don’t do this because I will draw a red line,’’ they can’t be sure that he won’t launch a nuclear war. So I hope that he won’t take any-thing off the table. I think he has han-dled some of these issues very well. As he has said: I am not taking anything off of the table. I am not going to warn our enemies of exactly what we are going to do and when. That is wise counsel in handling for-eign diplomacy. I am looking forward to the days ahead, because this week, in meeting with President el-Sisi, it sent a mes-sage to the world that President Obama refused to send, and that is we think we can work with President el- Sisi. He has his hands full. Egypt has a tough road ahead because they are try-ing to come back from what had be-come a quite socialized government in Egypt. A lot of people are on some form of welfare. It is always difficult, as one of the Caesars found, when you try to move people off of bread and circuses and get them to working so that they will find out they have value, provide self- worth. Every individual has value in God’s eyes, and the Founders knew that. So let’s get them working. Most everybody can do something. And lead-ers like President el-Sisi are attempt-ing to do that. It was also an embarrassment for the United States, and those that are ob-serving world affairs, to have noted that an incredible world event hap-pened since President el-Sisi has been the head of the government in Egypt. They opened a second lane to the Suez Canal. There were top leaders from most all of the more powerful nations in the world. They came to honor Egypt and their incredible accomplish-ment of opening a second lane. It didn’t go all the way the distance, but it al-lows for so much more traffic through the Suez Canal. I remember one conversation prior to that with President el-Sisi, when Presi-dent Obama had promised Muslim brother leader Morsi: We will send you tanks. We will send you jets. We will send you money. We will send you Apache helicopters. President Obama was more than happy to send powerful weaponry that the Muslim brothers could use to go after Christians to weaponize the Sinai, as Morsi did. A lot of Americans had the wool pulled over their eyes, including some at AIPAC, who didn’t realize, as they sent people around to support Presi-dent Morsi, that: Oh, gee, we think he is a lot better than people are giving him credit for. I knew who he was. I know what he was. But some of the top folks at AIPAC did not realize you don’t want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.041 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2781 April 6, 2017 
to be supporting a Muslim brother President or leader anywhere. And, in fact, we should do right here in the United States what Egypt did, and that is list the Muslim Brother-hood as a terrorist organization. Now, it is true in the United States. Some of their leaders have said, oh, no, we don’t want to get to violence, because the in-dications are they believe that they are making so much progress, and they really did. Under the leadership of President Obama, the Muslim Brother-hood made vast strides in power in the United States without violence, so they didn’t want to jeopardize that. But as some of the documents that had been seized over the last 30 years make clear: Yeah, we will use peaceful means as long as we can; but, of course, at some point, when we are no longer successful in gaining the upper hand in America, we will have to support vio-lence to do the final takeover. But some people here get it. They un-derstand the threat that the Muslim Brotherhood is. It is great that President Trump in-vited Egyptian President el-Sisi to be here to meet with him. And, Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the day when we have enough time to have President el-Sisi stand right here where Prime Minister Netanyahu has stood at least, I think, three times and where other great international leaders have stood and have spoken to a joint session. I look forward to the day when we have President el-Sisi stand here. The man is a true hero for the world, for everyone except the Muslim Broth-erhood. President Trump also welcomed King Abdullah of Jordan, King Abdullah, leader of a majority Muslim country. And, of course, those who have studied the Bible know that so many of the Biblical references actually are right there in Jordan. Some wondered why President Obama didn’t get much encouragement from those around him to go ahead and do a status of forces agreement with Iraq. We know that Iran was making so many of the IEDs, putting people and weapons inside the country of Iraq, while American soldiers were fighting, losing their lives, being maimed, losing arms and legs—our great heroes—car-rying out the will of the U.S. Govern-ment. It seemed that President George W. Bush pretty well had a status of forces agreement teed up. He probably could have finalized it. For all the criticism that some heap onto President Bush, he is actually a very gracious man. Look at the time he entertained people at the White House and was so gra-cious. People like Ted Kennedy that would walk right outside and trash him after he had been so gracious to him. But he actually left a hanging curve ball for President Obama to hit after he came in as President. And from what I understood from people in the Bush administration, they thought this would help his Presidency come in and very quickly sign the status of forces agreement that should be easy to get done. But one of the things—well, there were two main things, it seems, from what I can figure out, that stood in the way of the status of forces agreement. One was President Obama really didn’t want to leave troops in Iraq, not even a small force, to help solidify what we had taken away from the radicals. And he didn’t use good judgment, which has now cost the lives of tens of thou-sands—hundreds of thousands of people in the Middle East because of his short-sightedness. Another reason that there is no sta-tus of forces agreement was an element I didn’t realize until I was talking to my friend Joel Rosenberg, a great au-thor, a New York Times Best Seller au-thor. Joel has done so much fantastic research into Israel, Egypt, and the Middle East. His novels reflect so much history that is accurate. He was pointing out to me—and I had not seen it until he pointed it out and I started doing some research on it. But some of the crazies who think that the 12th imam, who was thrown in a well as a child around 10 years of age, is going to some day come back and take over and be the great Mahdi, the 12th imam, that unites the world ca-liphate and puts everyone under rad-ical Islamic control of the Mahdi, the 12th imam, most of the 12th-ers be-lieve, those who believe the 12th imam is coming back, some have said they have already seen him on short appear-ances. There are prophecies that the 12th imam will first come back and take charge in a small town. I believe it is pronounced Kufa. It is kind of like the Bible prophesied that the Messiah would be born in Bethlehem. Well, those who believe the 12th imam is going to come back—and, ac-tually as I understand, they do believe in Jesus. They believe he is going to fight at the right hand of the 12th imam, so they don’t have anything close to the beliefs that Christians do and the orthodox Jews do. But the only way he can come back and begin the start of this reign, if he comes back to Kufa, there cannot be any infidel sol-diers, infidels in the land, occupying the land. So if the United States had an occu-pying force in Iraq, it is going to im-pede the ability of the 12th imam to come back and start the beginning of the worldwide caliphate that will fall in place thereafter. And, of course, he is supposed to emerge from chaos. There were those in Iran at the top who thought—not rank-and-file people, but some at the top thought, look, he is supposed to come out of chaos. He will appear here in this small town and start the beginning of the accumula-tion of the world caliphate. So, in Iran, if you were a crazy top leader in Iran that believed that is where the 12th imam is coming back, you could not allow the United States—that they consider infidels, the Great Satans—you could not allow the United States to have a status of forces agreement so that we had what they consider infidel soldiers. So it wasn’t anticipation that Iran would fight so hard to keep America from agreeing to keep soldiers in Iraq, and part of that is because President Obama did not allow people who had studied radical Islam. Now, he had Muslim brothers around him. That is what Muslim Brotherhood publication indicated in December of 2012, I believe is when that article came out, bragging about the six people that were in top positions, people like Imam Magid; and Elibiary, who was on the Homeland Security Advisory Council, the top advisory council for Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napoli-tano. And I pointed out conflicts there that were disregarded and problems that his allegiance was not to us; it was for a more radical Islam, for the Muslim brotherhood at least. b1300 Finally, when he tweeted out that the caliphate—the world caliphate is inevitable and Americans just need to get used to it, they finally decided to let him rotate off advisory council. But the Muslim brothers were bragging about the people they had in top posi-tions that were advising President Obama. There are some holdovers in posi-tions who were not top Muslim broth-ers, but they are in positions that I hope this President will be able to root out. And I think it helps a great deal that he talks to President el-Sisi, he talks to President Abdullah, because some of these radical Islamists are also a great threat to King Abdullah in Jor-dan, and we need him keeping peace on the eastern side of Israel. And then you also had the Chinese President come, and we have got to deal with China because they are a power and they own a lot of our debt. But I appreciate what was reported this week. Ali Waked at Breitbart re-ported from Tel Aviv: ‘‘ . . . Abdel Fattah Sisi’s visit to the United States . . . will be an oppor-tunity to undermine the Muslim Broth-erhood’s standing in Washington, a former Egyptian Ambassador to the United States said. ‘‘Abdel Raouf al-Ridi told Egyptian paper Alshorouk that ‘Egyptian-Amer-ican relations are entering a new phase, and the degree of their success relies on Egyptian efforts.’’’ He went on to say: ‘‘‘Presidents Trump and Sisi can break the ice cre-ated during the Obama administra-tion,’ he said. ‘Without doing injustice to Obama, he adopted the ideology of the Muslim Brotherhood.’’’ He is talking about President Obama. President Obama would never admit that. Who knows whether he was taken in or really understood what he was embracing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.043 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2782 April 6, 2017 
But one other great thing that I want to express appreciation for is the Presi-dent’s steps on trying to stop illegal immigration into this country. Mr. Speaker, as I have talked about a number of times, having spent so much time all night on the border, the drug cartels control traffic coming into America, and they have people that they are smuggling in through their coyotes who actually get paid to bring them in. That money goes to the drug cartels and they coordinate. The drug cartels, according to the Border Patrol, coordinate sending in these groups of illegal aliens in the United States. They knew, when they sent a big group in on one or more rafts, that all of our border patrolmen would have to flock to that area and start processing them, go through their checklist of questions, and that is when they could send mas-sive amounts of drugs in. So what President Trump is doing is a great favor to the United States. When he stops illegal immigration, he is not just stopping illegal immigra-tion, he is stopping the ability to bring in drugs, making it more difficult. Oh, they are still coming, but it is a start. And I am grateful to the President for doing that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1429 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ) at 2 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 1628, AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–88) on the resolution (H. Res. 254) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged concurrent res-olution and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the concurrent reso-lution, as follows: H. C ON. RES. 48 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That when the House ad-journs on any legislative day from Thursday, April 6, 2017, through Friday, April 21, 2017, on a motion offered pursuant to this concur-rent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolution. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2017, TO SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent when the House ad-journs today, it shall adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Saturday, April 8, 2017, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its con-currence in House Concurrent Resolu-tion 48, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas. There was no objection. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. E
VANS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 353. An act to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to ex-pand commercial opportunities for the provi-sion of weather data, and for other purposes. f 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on April 5, 2017, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following joint resolutions: H.J. Res. 43. Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services re-lating to compliance with title X require-ments by project recipients in selecting sub-recipients. H.J. Res. 67. Disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for nongovernmental employees. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 2 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Saturday, April 8, 2017, at 11 a.m., unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 48, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
982. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Samuel D. Cox, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 983. A letter from the Senior Official Per-forming Duties of the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), Department of Defense, transmitting a no-tice of mobilizations of Selected Reserve units that will be ordered to active duty from April 1, 2017 through June 30, 2017, pur-suant to 10 U.S.C. 12304b(d); Public Law 112- 81, Sec. 516(a)(1); (125 Stat. 1396); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 984. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations (Car-roll County, MS) [Docket ID: FEMA-2016- 0002] received April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 985. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations (Washington County, Oregon and Incor-porated Areas) [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002] received April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 986. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Extensions of Hydropower Construction Deadlines Under Sec. 13 of the Federal Power Act’’, pursuant to Sec. 1701(c)(5) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP7.045 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2783 April 6, 2017 
987. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List; Addition of a Person to the Entity List; and EAR Conforming Change [Docket No.: 170109042-7255-01] (RIN: 0694-AH30) received April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 988. A letter from the Diversity and Inclu-sion Program Director, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 989. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act re-port, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 990. A letter from the Staff Director, Fed-eral Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 991. A letter from the President, Inter- American Foundation, transmitting the Foundation’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 992. A letter from the Acting President and CEO, Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion, transmitting the Corporation’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 993. A letter from the General Counsel, Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 994. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Recreational Boat Flotation Standards--Update of Outboard Engine Weight Test Requirements [Docket No.: USCG-2016-1012] (RIN: 1625-AC37) received April 4, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 995. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Corps’ Los Angeles River Ecosystem Restoration Integrated Feasibility Report: Final Feasibility Report and Environmental Impact Statement/Envi-ronmental Impact Report for September 2015 (H. Doc. No. 115—29); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and or-dered to be printed. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 680. A bill to prohibit accessing pornographic web sites from Federal computers, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–81). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1003. A bill to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Co-lumbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service (Rept. 115–82). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. House Resolution 203. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President, and direct-ing the Attorney General, to transmit, re-spectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to certain com-munications by the President of the United States, with an amendment; adversely (Rept. 115–83). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 455. A bill to designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 115–84). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1346. A bill to repeal the rule issued by the Federal High-way Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Plan-ning Organization Coordination and Plan-ning Area Reform’’ (Rept. 115–85). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 36. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (Rept. 115–86). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 35. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhi-bition (Rept. 115–87). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 254. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017 (Rept. 115–88). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1965. A bill to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to im-prove the transparency and oversight of land conveyances involving the sale, exchange, or other disposal of National Forest System lands or public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management or the acquisition of non-Federal lands for inclu-sion in the National Forest System or ad-ministration as public lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1966. A bill to provide protections and certainty for private landowners related to resurveying certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mr. NEWHOUSE , and Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS ): H.R. 1967. A bill to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped stor-age hydropower development utilizing mul-tiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 1968. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Defense to protect certain mili-tary facilities, assets, and information from unmanned aircraft; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. B EYER , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. M
ENG): H.R. 1969. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require testing of under-ground sources of drinking water in connec-tion with hydraulic fracturing operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 1970. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for expedited naturalization processes for the alien spouses of first responders who die as a re-sult of their employment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 1971. A bill to provide for integrated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Municipal Ombudsman, to promote green in-frastructure, and to require the revision of financial capability guidance; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMUCKER (for himself, Mr. E
MMER , and Mr. P ETERSON ): H.R. 1972. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. G
OODLATTE ): H.R. 1973. A bill to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06AP7.000 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2784 April 6, 2017 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 1974. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to improve transparency under the national primary drinking water regulations for lead and copper, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself and Mr. I
SSA): H.R. 1975. A bill to protect civilians from cluster munitions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. M
ASSIE ): H.R. 1976. A bill to nullify any generalized, routine or ongoing reporting requirement imposed on a person licensed under section 923 of title 18, United States Code, that is based on the geographic location in which the licensee is located or on the sale of mul-tiple rifles or shotguns, or any specific type of rifle or shotgun, to the same person; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. R
UTHERFORD ): H.R. 1977. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transport an individual employed at a medical facility of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs between a parking facility and the medical facility; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1978. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to empower relatives, friends, and co- workers of domestic violence victims to cre-ate safety plans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1979. A bill to increase the evidentiary standard required to convict a person for a drug offense, to require screening of law en-forcement officers or others acting under color of law participating in drug task forces, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1980. A bill to require non-Federal prisons and detention facilities holding Fed-eral prisoners under a contract with the Fed-eral Government to make available to the public the same information pertaining to facility operations and to prisoners held in such facilities that Federal prisons and de-tention facilities are required to make avail-able; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1981. A bill to codify an office within the Department of Homeland Security with the mission of strengthening the capacity of the agency to attract and retain highly trained computer and information security professionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Home-land Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1982. A bill to authorize funding to in-crease access to mental health care treat-ment to reduce gun violence; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1983. A bill to enhance Federal en-forcement of hate crimes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1984. A bill to provide for research and education with respect to triple-negative breast cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1985. A bill to provide for the appoint-ment of additional immigration judges; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1986. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to establish an Ombudsman Of-fice within the Transportation Security Ad-ministration for the purpose of enhancing transportation security by providing con-fidential, informal, and neutral assistance to address work-place related problems of Transportation Security Administration em-ployees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Mr. CON-
YERS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. S OTO, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. N
ADLER ): H.R. 1987. A bill to establish the Oversight Commission on Presidential Capacity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 1988. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. M
CCARTHY (for himself, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. H
URD, Mr. P AULSEN , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. W AL-
DEN, Mr. Y ODER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi-ana, and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ): H.R. 1989. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a high tech-nology education pilot program; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): H.R. 1990. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to allow food concessions at State-owned interstate rest areas; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1991. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BARR (for himself and Ms. F
UDGE ): H.R. 1992. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site of the Camp Nelson Civil War Heritage Park in Jessamine County, Kentucky, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. STIV-
ERS, and Mr. T IBERI ): H.R. 1993. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into partnerships with public and private entities to provide legal services to homeless veterans and vet-erans at risk of homelessness; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 1994. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make improvements to the information technology system of the Veterans Benefits Administration of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 1995. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security to provide for national test-ing of a model of Medicare Advantage value- based insurance design to meet the needs of chronically ill Medicare Advantage enroll-ees; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 1996. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Act of 2010 to regulate tax re-turn preparers and refund anticipation pay-ment arrangements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 1997. A bill to encourage United States-Ukraine cybersecurity cooperation and require a report regarding such coopera-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself and Mr. T
AKANO ): H.R. 1998. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to notify the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives and certain Mem-bers of Congress before the expiration or ter-mination of a HUD-VASH contract, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B RAT, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. P
ERRY ): H.R. 1999. A bill to require an annual re-port on offsets and pay-fors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06AP7.100 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2785 April 6, 2017 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN): H.R. 2000. A bill to require regulation of wastes associated with the exploration, de-velopment, or production of crude oil, nat-ural gas, or geothermal energy under the Solid Waste Disposal Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 2001. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study with respect to stormwater runoff from oil and gas operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 2002. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil and gas preleasing, leasing, and related activities in certain areas of the Outer Continental Shelf off the coast of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 2003. A bill to amend the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act to provide grants for high- quality, local prekindergarten programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. G
IBBS): H.R. 2004. A bill to modify the provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act relat-ing to nonimmigrant visas issued under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2005. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the taxation of income of controlled foreign corporations attributable to imported property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 2006. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the procurement practices of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self and Mr. L
AMALFA ): H.R. 2007. A bill to prohibit the awarding of Federal Pell Grants to incarcerated individ-uals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Mr. H
ARPER , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il-linois): H.R. 2008. A bill to increase funding for the 10-Year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund by eliminating taxpayer financing of presi-dential election campaigns; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce, and House Administration, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. PETERS ): H.R. 2009. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide clarity with respect to the regulation of di-agnostic imaging devices intended for use with contrast agents; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina): H.R. 2010. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to enhance the require-ments for secure geological storage of carbon dioxide for purposes of the carbon dioxide se-questration credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 2011. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the issuance of exempt facility bonds for qualified carbon dioxide capture facilities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. L
EE, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. E
SHOO , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. B EYER , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 2012. A bill to repeal the exemption for hydraulic fracturing in the Safe Drinking Water Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. L OEBSACK ): H.R. 2013. A bill to extend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 2014. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on greenhouse gas emissions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-ana, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C UELLAR , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K IND, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina): H.R. 2015. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 simply the financial aid application process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-self and Mr. L
IPINSKI ): H.R. 2016. A bill to mandate the monthly formulation and publication of a consumer price index specifically for senior citizens for the purpose of establishing an accurate So-cial Security COLA for such citizens; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 2017. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the indexing of certain assets for purposes of determining gain or loss of eligible individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. T
AKANO ): H.R. 2018. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a program to populate downloadable tax forms with tax-payer return information; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey): H.R. 2019. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain abor-tions from the definition of qualified medical expenses for purposes of distributions from health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself and Mr. S
OTO): H.R. 2020. A bill to provide for the resched-uling of marijuana into schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico (for herself, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. D
UFFY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ANKS of Indi-ana, Ms. P
LASKETT , and Mr. C URBELO  of Florida): H.R. 2021. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the limitation on the cover over of distilled spirits taxes to Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 2022. A bill to ensure certain safety measures are utilized in the interest of pub-lic health security with respect to labeling and transporting human tissue specimen or collection of specimens into interstate com-merce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. W
ITTMAN , and Mr. W EBSTER of Flor-ida): H.R. 2023. A bill to modernize recreational fisheries management; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06AP7.100 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2786 April 6, 2017 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-self, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L
ONG, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. B OST, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C LAY, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. I SSA): H.R. 2024. A bill to protect consumers from discriminatory State taxes on motor vehicle rentals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 2025. A bill to amend section 505(c)(3)(E) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prevent certain applications from being considered ineligible for approval under section 505(c) of such Act on the basis that the proposed labeling includes informa-tion describing abuse-deterrent properties that otherwise would be blocked by exclu-sivity under clause (iii) or (iv) of section 503(c)(3)(E) of such Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 2026. A bill to improve patient access to emerging medication therapies by clari-fying the scope of permitted health care eco-nomic and scientific information commu-nications between biopharmaceutical manu-facturers and population health decision makers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 2027. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the build-ings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other prop-erty interests acquired by the National Gal-lery of Art; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 2028. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administration for Children & Families, to award grants on a competitive basis to public and private entities to pro-vide exclusively education in sexual risk avoidance (meaning avoiding all sexual risk by voluntarily refraining from nonmarital sexual activity); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas): H.R. 2029. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Highway Administra-tion to issue a final rule that approves the use of Clearview font for positive contrast legends on guide signs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mr. N
EAL): H.R. 2030. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the rollover pe-riod for plan loan offset amounts and to modify the rules relating to hardship with-drawals from cash or deferred arrangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. S MITH of Ne-braska, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mr. R EED): H.R. 2031. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to prevent concurrent re-ceipt of unemployment benefits and Social Security disability insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 2032. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into an agreement to provide for management of the free-roaming wild horses in and around the Currituck Na-tional Wildlife Refuge; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KIHUEN (for himself, Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER ): H.R. 2033. A bill to modernize the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. R
ENACCI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. B UCK, and Mr. S
ARBANES ): H.R. 2034. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to reduce the number of members of the Federal Election Commission from 6 to 5, to revise the method of selection and terms of service of members of the Commission, to distribute the powers of the Commission between the Chair and the remaining members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. K IND, and Ms. J
AYAPAL ): H.R. 2035. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to recognize Indian tribal governments for purposes of determining under the adoption credit whether a child has special needs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 2036. A bill to prohibit any reduction in the amount of the per diem allowance to which members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps or civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense are entitled based on the duration of temporary duty as-signments or official travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 2037. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand and make permanent the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 2038. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a stewardship fee on the production and importation of opioid pain relievers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. P
AS-
CRELL , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 2039. A bill to amend title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 to clarify that counter-vailing duties may be imposed to address subsidies relating to a fundamentally under-valued currency of any foreign country; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 2040. A bill to impose consequences on the Department of Defense for any failure to meet statutory deadlines for validation of fi-nancial statements of the Department of De-fense as ready for audit and for completion of a full audit on financial statements of the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 2041. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a grant program for em-ployers to develop and carry out job training programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 2042. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a Frontline Providers Loan Repayment Pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. S IRES, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia): H.R. 2043. A bill to provide access to coun-sel for children and other vulnerable popu-lations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. E VANS , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K
HANNA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H.R. 2044. A bill to designate as wilderness certain Federal portions of the red rock can-yons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. R
USH, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L EE, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Ms. S LAUGHTER ): H.R. 2045. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the Secretary of Labor, to establish a program to provide for workforce training and education, at community colleges, in sustainable energy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , and Mr. L OEBSACK ): H.R. 2046. A bill to provide for a report on best practices for peer-support specialist pro-grams, to authorize grants for behavioral health paraprofessional training and edu-cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 2047. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for behavioral health infrastructure improvements under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06AP7.100 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2787 April 6, 2017 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 2048. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to incentivize the devel-opment of community-based interventions to reduce health disparities among certain pop-ulations, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P EARCE , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H ECK, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. S
CHRADER ): H.R. 2049. A bill to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to improve com-pensation for workers involved in uranium mining, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, and Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 2050. A bill to provide for a Medicare demonstration project to evaluate the fiscal impact of covering low vision devices as du-rable medical equipment under part B of the Medicare program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 2051. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure that eligible product developers have competitive access to approved drugs and licensed bio-logical products, so as to enable eligible product developers to develop and test new products, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. B ACON , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-fornia, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T
URNER , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H.R. 2052. A bill to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of inti-mate visual images; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. A MODEI , Mrs. N
OEM, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 2053. A bill to amend the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to enhance and support mining and mineral en-gineering programs in the United States by funding activities at mining schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 2054. A bill to repeal the violation of sovereign nations’ laws and privacy matters; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. K
IND, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. N
ORCROSS ): H.R. 2055. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to require a lifetime income disclosure; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 2056. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide for expanded participa-tion in the microloan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. L
EE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H.R. 2057. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to limit the interest deduc-tion for excessive interest of members of fi-nancial reporting groups and to terminate the deferral of active income of controlled foreign corporations, and to amend the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 to require the disclosure of total corporate tax paid by a corporation in each annual report required to be filed under such Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. P
ERRY ): H.R. 2058. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for disclosure for charity employees and board members pre-viously implicated in terror finance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. S OTO, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T
SONGAS , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California): H.R. 2059. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to eliminate the exemption for aggrega-tion of emissions from oil and gas sources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R
EED): H.R. 2060. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include foster care tran-sition youth as members of targeted groups for purposes of the work opportunity credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. S HER-
MAN): H.R. 2061. A bill to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself and Mr. L
AMBORN ): H.R. 2062. A bill to authorize assistance, upon request of the Government of Israel, for the development, maintenance, enhance-ment, and sustainment, and procurement of anti-missile defense systems; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 2063. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require certain training as a condition of registration to prescribe or dispense opioids for the treatment of pain or pain management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 2064. A bill to amend the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the egg, meat, and poultry inspection laws to ensure that con-sumers receive notification regarding food products produced from crops, livestock, or poultry raised on land on which sewage sludge was applied; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 2065. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an option for any citizen or permanent resident of the United States to buy into Medicare; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself and Ms. TITUS): H.R. 2066. A bill to prevent abusive billing of ancillary services to the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mrs. B
EATTY , and Mr. T IBERI ): H.R. 2067. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to save the American taxpayers money by immediately altering the metallic composition of the one-cent, five-cent, dime, and quarter dollar coins, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 2068. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide veterans affected by school closures certain relief and restoration of educational benefits, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. K
IL-
DEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H
ILL, Ms. M OORE , and Ms. B ASS): H.R. 2069. A bill to provide priority under certain federally assisted housing programs to assisting youths who are aging out of fos-ter care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H.R. 2070. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to include guidance on how dependent students with parents without SSNs may obtain Federal student assistance; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2071. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to prohibit institutions of higher education from denying students ad-mission on the basis of immigration or natu-ralization status; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2072. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide alternative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06AP7.100 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2788 April 6, 2017 
identity verification procedures for individ-uals applying for Federal student assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. L EE, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. S
ERRANO ): H.R. 2073. A bill to amend section 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to prohibit immigration officers or agents of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security from wearing clothing or other items bearing the word ‘‘police’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 2074. A bill to amend chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code, to require com-pliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 as a condition on the des-ignation of national monuments; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 2075. A bill to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and re-sponse activities in order to protect adjacent private property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. L
EE): H.R. 2076. A bill to provide a path to end homelessness in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Mr. R
UIZ): H.R. 2077. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to require a group health plan (or health insur-ance coverage offered in connection with such a plan) to provide an exceptions process for any medication step therapy protocol, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 2078. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to simplify individual in-come and corporate tax rates, to set a max-imum on the capital gains rate, to make per-manent the deduction for dividends received for repatriated foreign earnings, to reduce the rate of payroll and self-employment taxes, to make 100 percent bonus deprecia-tion permanent, and to repeal the Federal es-tate and gift taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 2079. A bill to preserve United States fishing heritage through a national program dedicated to training and assisting the next generation of commercial fishermen; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 2080. A bill to provide that the man-agement plan entitled ‘‘Eastern Interior Pro-posed Resource Management Plan and Final Environmental Impact Statement‘‘ shall have no force or effect; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Mr. SCHWEIKERT ): H.R. 2081. A bill to amend the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 to modify the requirement to impose sanctions with respect to the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran and other sanc-tioned Iranian financial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.J. Res. 95. A joint resolution expressing support for designation of September 2017 as ‘‘Gospel Music Heritage Month’’ and hon-oring gospel music for its valuable and long-standing contributions to the culture of the United States; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 96. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Eastern Interior Proposed Re-source Management Plan and Final Environ-mental Impact Statement’’; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 97. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Agriculture relating to ‘‘Tongass National Forest Land and Resource Management Plan Amend-ment’’; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SESSIONS: H. Con. Res. 48. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. E STY, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. P
OLIS): H. Con. Res. 49. Concurrent resolution sup-porting the goals and ideals of GLSEN’s 2017 Day of Silence in bringing attention to anti- lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer name-calling, bullying, and harass-ment faced by individuals in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. L OF-
GREN , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H. Con. Res. 50. Concurrent resolution sup-porting the goals and ideals of National Pub-lic Safety Telecommunicators Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. L
AHOOD(for himself, Ms. K AP-
TUR, and Mr. A BRAHAM ): H. Res. 252. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives on the challenges posed to long-term stability in Lebanon by the conflict in Syria and sup-porting the establishment of safe zones in Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. L
ATTA ): H. Res. 253. A resolution expressing grati-tude and appreciation for the entry of the United States into World War I; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. W
ALZ): H. Res. 255. A resolution commemorating the 30th anniversary of United States Spe-cial Operations Command; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. S
HIM-
KUS, Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B
ARR, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. E VANS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B ANKS of In-diana, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. T URNER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. C OLE, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. W IL-
SON of South Carolina, and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H. Res. 256. A resolution expressing support for the countries of Eastern Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. T AYLOR , and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida): H. Res. 257. A resolution condemning hate crime and any other form of racism, reli-gious or ethnic bias, discrimination, incite-ment to violence, or animus targeting a mi-nority in the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CRIST: H. Res. 258. A resolution urging the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to prioritize the hiring of mental health professionals; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. S
IRES, and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey): H. Res. 259. A resolution expressing con-cern and condemnation over the political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. V
IS-
CLOSKY , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY ): H. Res. 260. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives in sup-port of the International Atomic Energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06AP7.100 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2789 April 6, 2017 
Agency’s (IAEA) nuclear security role; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. I
SSA, and Mr. J ONES ): H. Res. 261. A resolution honoring and re-membering on National Former POW Rec-ognition Day and the 75th Anniversary of the Fall of Bataan on the Philippine Islands, the brave men and women who as prisoners of war gave their liberty to ensure ours, thus embodying the enduring spirit of American freedom and determination; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. LEE: H. Res. 262. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Youth HIV & AIDS Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H. Res. 263. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 4, 2017, as a ‘‘Na-tional Day of Reason’’ and recognizing the importance of reason in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. S
OTO): H. Res. 264. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Mathematics and Statis-tics Awareness Month; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H. Res. 265. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 24, 2017, through April 28, 2017, as National Spe-cialized Instructional Support Personnel Awareness Week; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. C HAFFETZ , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah): H. Res. 266. A resolution designating the week of April 15, 2017, through April 23, 2017, as ‘‘National Park Week’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. Y ODER ): H. Res. 267. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Divi-sion; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. T
SONGAS ): H. Res. 268. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. F OSTER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. C LARK of Mas-sachusetts, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. POCAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. K
IND, Mr. R USH, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-sylvania, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. F ASO, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire): H. Res. 269. A resolution recognizing and supporting the goals and ideals of National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. G RANGER , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. K ELLY of Il-linois, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N): H. Res. 270. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Public Health Week; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. R
OYCE  of California, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and Mr. H ARPER ): H. Res. 271. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Trade Representative should commence negotiations to enter into a bilateral trade agreement with Taiwan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
21. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, rel-ative to Senate Resolution No. 26, affirming strong support for the Affordable Care Act and calls upon the United States Congress to reject any effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act unless it is simultaneously replaced with an alternative program that meets the standards clearly and consistently articu-lated by President Trump; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 22. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Reso-lution No. 22, calling upon President Trump and Secretary Kelly to publicly and explic-itly reaffirm the principles and content of the ICE policy memorandum dated October 24, 2011, regarding enforcement actions at or focused on sensitive locations; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi introduced a bill (H.R. 2082) for the relief of Daniela Vargas; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 1967. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 1968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 14 and 18 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 1969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BACON: H.R. 1970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 4 By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 1971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 1972. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This legislation provides the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the authority to waive a co-payment requirement if the Department of Veterans Affairs is the cause of an error that delays sending a bill to a veteran. Addition-ally, the bill requires the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to notify a veteran of how to get a waiver and establish a payment plan before they can collect payment when they do not bill a veteran in a timely manner. Specific authority is provided by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 14, 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and support Armies; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and discipling the mili-tia. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 1973. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Artile I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this ’Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 1974. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CGOVERN: H.R. 1975. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06AP7.100 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2790 April 6, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (to provide for the common Defense and general Welfare); Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 (to make Rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval Forces); and Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 (to make laws necessary and proper . . . in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof). By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 1976. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 1977. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1978. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1979. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1980. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1981. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1982. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1983. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1985. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 1986. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 1987. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 25th Amendment itself. Necessary & Proper Clause By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 1988. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 1989. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 12, 13, and 18 By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 1990. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1991. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1992. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 1993. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 1994. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the United State Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to pro-vide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 1995. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution which states, ‘‘(t)he Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 1996. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 1997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 1998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 1999. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; Article I, Section 8, Clause 2: To borrow Money on the credit of the United States; Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 2000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 2001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 2002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 2003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. Art. I, Sec. #8, Clause #18 By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 2004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 2006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 2007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 2008. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.024 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2791 April 6, 2017 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution; Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution; and Amendment XVI to the United States Constitution. Additionally, since the Con-stitution does not provide Congress with the power to provide financial support to U.S. political parties, the general repeal of the Presidential Election Campaign Fund for this purpose is consistent with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendments IX and X to the United States Constitution. Further, Article I Section 8 defines the scope and pow-ers of Congress and does not include this concept of taxation in furtherance of funding U.S. political parties within the expressed powers. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 2010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 2011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. D
EGETTE: H.R. 2012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 2013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 2014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 2015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 2016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Sen-ate and House of Representatives. Section 8. 1) The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 2017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 2018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 2019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The authority to enact this bill is derived from, but not limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GAETZ: H.R. 2020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 2021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives’’ By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 2022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The sale, transport, delivery and storing of cadavers, body parts, human tissues and samples typically involves interstate com-merce. The power to regulate inter-state com-merce is set forth Article I, Section 8 power to ‘‘regulate commerce among the several states.’’ If the matter in question is not a purely local matter (intra-state) or if it has an impact on interstate commerce, it falls within the Congressional power to regulate interstate commerce. National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius (2012). By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 2023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 2024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 2025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 2026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 2027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 2028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, 3—The Con-gress shall have the power to provide for the common welfare of the United States and to regulate commerce . . . among the several states. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 2029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 2030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 2031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. JONES: H.R. 2032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, and Article IV, Section 3, of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. KIHUEN: H.R. 2033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 2034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitu-tion granting Congress the authority to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of holding Federal elections. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 2035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 2036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 2037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United States Constitution: This states that ‘‘Congress shall have power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 2038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 2039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect duties and to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, as enumerated in Arti-cle I, Section 8. By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 2040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As enumerated by Article 1 Section 8 of the Consitution, Congress has the power ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’, and ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces’’ By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 2041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-stitution which grants Congress the power to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.026 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2792 April 6, 2017 
provide for the general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 2042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 2043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 4 provides Con-gress with the power to establish a ‘‘uniform rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 2044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 2045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 2046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 2047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 2048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 2049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: to provide for the com-mon defense and general welfare. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 2051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. The Constitution’s Commerce Clause allows Congress to enact laws when reasonably re-lated to the regulation of interstate com-merce. By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 2052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause l4: ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 2053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needfull Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudcie any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 2054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 2055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 2056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact the Microloan Modernization Act of 2017 pursu-ant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 2057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 2058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 2059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with the foreign Nationa, and among the sev-eral States, and with the Indian Tribes). By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 2060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 2061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 2062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the United States Constituion, respectively pro-viding the implicit power to spend and the explicit power to regulate commerce with foreign nations. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 2063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 2064. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 2065. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE I, SECTION 8. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 2066. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 2067. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8—‘‘To coin Money, regu-late the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Meas-ures’’ By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 2068. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 2069. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-merce Clause) of the United States Constitu-tion, to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2070. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2071. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2072. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2073. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 2074. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.030 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2793 April 6, 2017 
By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 2075. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2076. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 2077. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 2078. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be unifirm throughout the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 2079. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have power to regu-late commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes’’ By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 2080. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 & Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 2081. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 2082. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.J. Res. 95. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 96. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 & Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 97. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 & Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN . H.R. 38: Ms. G
RANGER and Mr. L ABRADOR . H.R. 60: Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. B UCSHON , Ms. M
CSALLY , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 116: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 169: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 179: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 233: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 299: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 305: Ms. L
EE, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 389: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 390: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 392: Mr. A
MODEI and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 490: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . H.R. 520: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 545: Mr. B
RAT, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B ANKS  of Indiana, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 564: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 579: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 635: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 644: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 668: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 676: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 746: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 747: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 765: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 778: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 790: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 795: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. B ERA, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 807: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 810: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 846: Mr. B
UDD, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C
APUANO , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. R USH, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn- sylvania, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W AL-
DEN, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 849: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S MUCKER , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 877: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 881: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 916: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 917: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 931: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 942: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 948: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 991: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1006: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1017: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 1026: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1057: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1059: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 1090: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY . H.R. 1121: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 1143: Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1154: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. A
BRAHAM , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1155: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 1162: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. M AST, and Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas. H.R. 1180: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 1196: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1206: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 1222: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1225: Mr. D
ELANEY and Mr. C OOPER . H.R. 1235: Mr. C
RAWFORD , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , and Mr. T IBERI . H.R. 1245: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1264: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 1270: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1272: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 1279: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 1303: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 1311: Mr. B
OST, Mr. Y ODER , and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1318: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1358: Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H ECK, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1360: Mr. E
MMER and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 1364: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1380: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1438: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1444: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1452: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1454: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1468: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 1471: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. S
ANFORD , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 1472: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. H
IMES, and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 1478: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Aug 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\APRIL\H06AP7.REC H06AP7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2794 April 6, 2017 
Mr. C OHEN , Ms. M ENG, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. E STY, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1512: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1516: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 1528: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1540: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1550: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 1552: Mr. R
OYCE of California and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1568: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 1613: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 1615: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 1626: Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 1645: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 1652: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1666: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1673: Mr. S
CHNEIDER and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1676: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1677: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R
USH, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H ILL, Ms. M ENG, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S IRES, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. B ASS, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Ms. E
STY, and Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois. H.R. 1681: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1697: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1698: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. I SSA, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. O LSON , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 1730: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1744: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1754: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 1755: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1760: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, and Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 1772: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 1776: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 1777: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1784: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1794: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 1803: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 1808: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. W ALBERG , Ms. F OXX, Mr. F ER-
GUSON , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1809: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1810: Mr. S
CHRADER and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1812: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1820: Ms. NORTON and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 1823: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1824: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1825: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. B ACON , and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1838: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 1844: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 1847: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 1857: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1860: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1874: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. T URNER , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1877: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 1880: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1881: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1891: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 1896: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T
URNER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1897: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T
URNER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, and Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 1902: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1903: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1904: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. D EFA-
ZIO. H.R. 1911: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1912: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1919: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 1920: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1951: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida. H.J. Res. 48: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H. Res. 28: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 129: Mr. B
ERGMAN and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 187: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H. Res. 189: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. De Saulnier, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, and Ms. L
EE. H. Res. 239: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.J. Res. 85: Mr. B ACON . H. Res. 246: Mr. C
OURTNEY . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
33. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Montgomery County Board of Super-visors, Virginia, relative to Resolution R- FY-17-100, urging Congress to Allow State and Local Governments to Collect Internet Sales Tax; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 1, April 5, 2017, by Ms. ESHOO on H.R. 305, was signed by the following Mem-bers: Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Tonko, Ms. Pelosi, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Heck, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Evans, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Adams, Mr. Himes, Ms. Fudge, Mrs. Watson Cole-man, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Mr. Khanna, Mr. Walz, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. Kil-mer, Mr. Ellison, Ms. Clark of Massachu-setts, Mr. Delaney, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Carson of Indi-ana, Mr. Aguilar, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Espaillat, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. McCol-lum, Mr. Soto, Ms. Esty, Ms. Matsui, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Carbajal, Mrs. Demings, Ms. Blunt Rochester, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Brown of Maryland, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Krishnamoorthi, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Rush, Ms. Roybal-Allard, Mr. Serrano, Ms. Moore, Ms. Pingree, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Lowenthal, Ms. Jayapal, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Ms. Titus, Mr. Gutie´rrez, Mr. Yar-muth, Mr. Panetta, Mr. Schiff, Mrs. Law-rence, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Payne, Ms. Vela´zquez, Ms. Frankel of Flor-ida, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. Costa, Mr. Correa, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Bass, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Levin, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Welch, Ms. Castor of Flor-ida, Mr. Polis, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Ms. Sinema, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Cummings, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. Pocan, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Hanabusa, Mr. Norcross, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Moulton, Mr. McGovern, Ms. Shea-Porter, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Meeks, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico, Mr. Foster, Mr. Higgins of New York, Mr. Crist, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Kind, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Keating, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Blu-menauer, Mr. Doggett, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Takano, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Connolly, Ms. Bonamici, Ms. Speier, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Raskin, Mr. Crowley, Ms. Rosen, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Swalwell of California, Ms. Meng, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Kihuen, Mrs. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Lawson of Florida, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Sa´nchez, Ms. Barraga´n, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Engel, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Con-yers, Mr. Ruppersberger, Mr. Neal, Mr. Gon-zalez of Texas, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. Suozzi, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Ms. Sewell of Ala-bama, Mr. Richmond, Ms. Lee, Mr. Vela, Mr. Sires, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Schneider, Mr. Peters, and Ms. Gabbard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP7.020 H06APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE469 April 6, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO MARLENE HITT—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Marlene Hitt of Sunland, California. A lifelong Sunland resident and consum-mate volunteer, Marlene has been active in many organizations in the Sunland-Tujunga community. She has been a member of the Sunland-Tujunga Neighborhood Council for many years, serving in various leadership roles and on many committees. Marlene has been a dedicated and devoted member of the Little Landers Historical Society (LLHS), a non-profit organization founded in 1959 to preserve Bolton Hall, a 1913 historic stone building in Tujunga that was the Tujunga City Hall and the hub for many com-munity activities up until the late 1950’s when it was saved from destruction. The LLHS sub-sequently collects, preserves and displays records, artifacts and landmarks of the history of the Sunland-Tujunga area and people ac-tive in that history in the Bolton Hall Museum. For nearly three decades, Ms. Hitt has capa-bly and enthusiastically served the LLHS and Bolton Hall Museum as Museum Director, Do-cent Director, Boardmember, Archivist and Do-cent. In addition, Marlene and her husband Lloyd, were very involved in the successful ef-fort to obtain historic designation for a portion of the Verdugo Hills Golf Course, where a World War II detention center for Japanese- Americans was located. A well-regarded writer, Ms. Hitt is a longtime member of the Chupa Rosa Writers of Sunland-Tujunga and the Foothills, and has authored anthologies, readings, poetry chapbooks, a non-fiction book: ‘‘Sunland- Tujunga, from Village to City,’’ and has written articles for many newspapers. Along with other community members, Marlene co-found-ed the Sunland-Tujunga Poet Laureate pro-gram, where she was honored to serve as its first Poet Laureate. Married for sixty-one years, Marlene and Lloyd have two children, two grandchildren and one great grandchild. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional, well-respected woman of Califor-nia’s 28th Congressional District, Marlene Hitt. RECOGNIZING MARY AND HANS POSTMA FOR THEIR COMMIT-MENT TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE ARTS IN GREATER PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend Mary and Hans Postma, the Seventh Annual Hylton Performing Arts Center Awards Gala honorees, for their endless contributions to expanding the reach of the arts in the Greater Prince William County area. In recognition of the arts being the heart of a civilized society, net proceeds from the an-nual gala benefit the Hylton Center’s many ar-tistic performances, arts education programs, veterans art and outreach initiatives, and the Hylton Center’s endowment. These programs help to ensure the continuation of artistic ex-cellence in performances as well as the ac-cessibility by area residents to quality artistic programs. Mary and Hans Postma have provided in-strumental support to the Hylton Center even prior to its full conceptualization. As avid art enthusiasts, Mr. and Mrs. Postma have worked to ensure accessibility to art and artis-tic programs for all. In the fall of 2013, Mary Postma founded Performing Arts for Kids (PAK) to support and foster the arts among children of all socioeconomic backgrounds in Greater Prince William County by actively pur-suing opportunities at the Hylton Performing Arts Center. Through their established com-munity relationships, Mr. and Mrs. Postma have expanded the PAK membership total to 30 and have raised more than $20,000 to en-courage the pursuit of advanced art education. During the 2013–2014 school year, PAK ex-posed more than 2,000 schoolchildren to live dance highlights from The Nutcracker and Sleeping Beauty. In March of 2016, PAK sponsored A Place to Be’s Same Sky Project, ‘‘Where Music Meets Therapy.’’ During the performance, children and young adults pro-vided personal testimonies of their experi-ences dealing with bullying and low self-es-teems in light of their diagnosis with autism, Asperger’s, down syndrome, cerebral palsy, brain damage, and other ailments for an audi-ence of 800 middle-school students and adults from Didlake, an AbilityOne Program. Over the short, storied history of the Hylton Performing Arts Center, a series of milestones have been reached but nothing has come to fruition without the dedication and support of Mary and Hans Postma. In the fall of 2016, Mr. and Mrs. Postma presented the Hylton Center with a ‘‘legacy gift’’ to name a re-hearsal hall in the Education and Rehearsal Wing currently under construction. As Leonardo da Vinci once said, ‘‘Art is never fin-ished, only abandoned.’’ We can take great comfort in knowing that with the support of Hans and Mary Postma as well as other great benefactors of the Hylton Performing Arts Center, art will never be abandoned. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the Seventh Annual Hylton Performing Arts Awards Gala honorees, Mr. and Mrs. Postma, for their tireless stewardship of the arts in Greater Prince William County. f 
RECOGNIZING JEFF COOK OF EAGLE ALLOY, MUSKEGON, MICHIGAN AND PRESIDENT OF THE AMERICAN FOUNDRY SOCI-ETY 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jeff Cook, Vice President of Eagle Alloy Inc. in Muskegon, Michigan, for his long- term contributions to Eagle Alloy and the U.S. metalcasting industry. Eagle Alloy is an inno-vative steel foundry providing vital castings for key sectors including agriculture, construction, mining, defense and railroads. Metal castings are integral to virtually all U.S. manufacturing activities. Jeff joined Eagle Alloy in 1986 after graduating high school. His first position on the shop floor was as a grinder, machining castings on the third shift. He has worked his way up over the past thirty years to become Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Jeff is passionate about attracting the next generation to the metalcasting industry and has dedicated significant amount of time reaching out to local schools and businesses about careers in the metal casting industry. In addition, he has been actively involved in the leadership of the local American Foundry So-ciety (AFS) West Michigan Chapter for many years. He joined the AFS National Board of Directors in 2011, where he spent the past year as its President traveling across the country, meeting with thousands of metalcasters and suppliers underscoring the importance of taking time to ‘‘Attract. Educate. Support’’ the next generation of metalcasters. AFS is the major trade and technical associa-tion for the North American metalcasting in-dustry. The association has more than 8,000 members representing over 2,000 metalcasting firms, their suppliers and cus-tomers. In Muskegon, Jeff has reached out to edu-cational institutions, including local high schools and Muskegon Community College, to better communicate the skills needed and the certifications that are in demand in the indus-try. Through the AFS chapter, Jeff has worked with local schools to host student night, where they showcase the traveling casting kit, known as Foundry in a Box. It shows students how to form patterns, melt them, the cleanup proc-ess behind it, and gives an overview of how castings are made. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I congratulate Jeff Cook, as he completes his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06AP8.002 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE470 April 6, 2017 
successful term as AFS President, for his strong commitment and dedication to Eagle Alloy and to the growth and prospering of the metalcasting industry. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE AND CA-REER OF SECRETARY WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR. 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished life and career of Wil-liam T. Coleman, Jr., a fellow Pennsylvanian, who passed away on March 31, 2017 at the age of 96. Coleman served our Nation as the fourth Secretary of the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation, from March 7, 1975 to January 20, 1977. He was nominated by and served under President Gerald R. Ford. Ironically, just one day after the passing of Secretary Coleman, the Department he once led marked its 50th anniversary of operation. President Ford nominated Coleman, a fellow Republican, to serve as Secretary based in part on his expertise in transportation law. During his tenure at the Department, he worked to strengthen the long-term viability of the U.S. rail industry, oversaw the opening of the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration’s automobile test facility at East Liberty, Ohio, established the Materials Transportation Bureau to address pipeline and hazardous materials transportation safety, and opened the United States to flights of the Concorde aircraft. As Transportation Secretary, William Cole-man was beloved by Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle. My father served on the Public Works and Transportation Com-mittee during Secretary Coleman’s tenure. The two were good friends, even though they didn’t agree on every issue. On one occasion, the previous Congressman Shuster gave the Secretary a particularly difficult time during a committee hearing. Afterwards, my father re-ceived a bottle of wine from the Secretary and a note that said, ‘‘I hope we’re still friends.’’ Al-though it never crossed my father’s mind that they wouldn’t be, Secretary Coleman’s gesture is one small example of why he was so well respected. By the time William Coleman was sworn in as the Secretary of Transportation, he had al-ready made his important and indelible mark on U.S. history. Coleman was the second African American to serve in a cabinet-level post, following Rob-ert Weaver, who served as housing secretary under President Johnson. Appropriately enough, his oath of office was administered by Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, with whom Coleman had previously worked alongside to help end discrimination and se-cure greater equality for all Americans. For example, they worked together—Cole-man writing legal briefs for Marshall—on Brown v. Board of Education, the case which ultimately ended the doctrine of ‘‘separate but equal’’ and segregation in our public school system. This alone would have been an ex-ceptional achievement for an African American from the Germantown area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, who attended a segregated ele-mentary school. However, Coleman also later argued against a law that prohibited interracial couples from living together, and soon after, the Supreme Court ended all prohibitions against interracial marriage in the United States. Coleman was the first African American to serve as law clerk to a Supreme Court Jus-tice, worked to defend civil rights activists, and served as president of the NAACP Legal De-fense Fund. He also served as a lawyer on the Warren Commission, charged with inves-tigating President Kennedy’s assassination. During his career, Coleman served in the mili-tary, argued 19 cases before the Supreme Court, co-chaired the White House Con-ference on Civil Rights, and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1995. Ably serving as the U.S. Secretary of Trans-portation would have been a notable enough accomplishment, but William T. Coleman, Jr. achieved much more than that. He will be re-membered as a thoughtful, dedicated, and just man who helped spearhead the fight for equal rights for all Americans. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN K. WRIGHT AFTER 40 YEARS OF SERVICE TO WRIGHT CITY HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mrs. Susan K. Wright, who will be retiring on May 17, 2017 after 40 years teaching biology and coaching track and field at Wright City High School. Mrs. Wright was influenced by several teachers throughout her childhood that posi-tively affected her decision to dedicate her life to educating America’s youth. For example, her 1st grade teacher taught her the impor-tance of caring, her high school biology teach-er introduced her to an interest in the sciences, and a college professor showed her that everyone can become great even without being the best. The enthusiasm Mrs. Wright has shown over the past four decades has been appreciated by her colleagues and stu-dents. She has truly made the classroom and track field a fun learning environment. While growing up in St. Louis County, Mrs. Wright attended Webster Groves High School. After spending her youth in such a big district, she was instilled with the desire to spend her teaching years in a smaller school. After re-ceiving her bachelor’s degree in education from Missouri State University, she began her teaching career at Wright City High School. Mrs. Wright started the track and field program at Wright City High School and the track now bears her name. Throughout the years, she has been a motivational mentor to numerous students and has always been willing to give a few extra moments to those who might need a listening ear. Mrs. Wright is involved with the National Science Teachers Association and is active in her local community. She is passionate about volunteering and teaching her students to have that same giving spirit. Mrs. Wright has contributed many hours to the Blue and Gold Scholarship Dinner, the Christmas celebration Strassenbash, and the local Easter egg hunt. The love Mrs. Wright has for teaching and coaching has never waned over the years. As Mrs. Wright puts it, ‘‘to be a great teacher is to know your subject matter and be willing to grow as education grows, to care about those that you work with and especially the students you teach, to set your goals high and work diligently to reach each goal.’’ Her under-standing, passion and mentality are something that all teachers should strive to attain. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mrs. Susan Wright on her retirement after 40 years of improving the lives of all who walk the halls at Wright City High School. f 
TRIBUTE TO CAMILLE LOMBARDO—28TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Camille Lombardo of Pasadena, California. Camille has a Bachelor of Arts in Theology degree from Pitzer College and a Master of Business Administration from Pepperdine Uni-versity. For twenty-five years, Camille has admirably served as Executive Director of the Friends of the Observatory (FOTO), the non-profit organi-zation that supports the world-renowned Grif-fith Observatory in Los Angeles. During this time, Ms. Lombardo has not only raised tens of millions of dollars for the Observatory, but has also been a leader in assisting with the development, planning and execution of key Observatory initiatives. During her tenure, she spearheaded the funding effort of the public- private partnership with the City of Los Ange-les for the observatory’s ninety-three million dollar expansion and renovation project, rais-ing over twenty-five million dollars of that in private funding and working with local, state and federal agencies to secure public funding. Ms. Lombardo has continued to raise mil-lions of dollars for upgrades in the ten years to the observatory. These include the plane-tarium show production capability, theater pro-jection and sound systems, and the ability to record and broadcast live astronomical obser-vations and special events, thus greatly ex-panding its audience both world-wide and at the observatory itself. In addition, Camille raises funds for the observatory’s school pro-gram for fifth-graders which serves 25,000 mostly public school students annually, and Bus Scholarship program for disadvantaged schools, resulting in free school programs. A consummate professional, Ms. Lombardo capably guides FOTO with its thousands of members and many activities, and works ef-fortlessly with the City of Los Angeles and the observatory staff on policy issues, building im-provements, and major events organization and implementation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06AP8.001 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE471 April 6, 2017 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Camille Lombardo. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF DR. WATTS 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. W. David Watts on his distin-guished tenure at the University of Texas of the Permian Basin. For the past fifteen years, Dr. Watts has served as the President of UTPB. Under his leadership, UTPB has seen an unprecedented growth and the university’s reputation has grown exponentially. Since 2001, the univer-sity enrollment increased from 2,200 to 6,315 students and the availability of student hous-ing has increased from just six buildings with 96 beds to 37 buildings with 1,197. These ad-ditions have significantly impacted the local economy and transformed UTPB to an estab-lished university community. Early into his presidency, Dr. Watts made a commitment to expand educational opportuni-ties by investing in online programs to allow students to earn a degree from a distance and allow for the development of career opportuni-ties throughout the region. These efforts have led UTPB to be recognized by numerous out-lets, such as BestColleges.com and U.S. News and World Report, as one of the most affordable online programs in the nation. In addition, Dr. Watts’ vision of expanding access to quality education has also led to the cre-ation of Texas’ first entirely virtual Early Col-lege High School network. This network allows universities and colleges to partner with local school districts to offer at risk high school stu-dents to earn a high school diploma and up to sixty college credits at no cost. These acceler-ated courses reduce the barriers to college ac-cess and increased college readiness with these students. This program has allowed thousands of students to set out on their path to achieve their professional goals. Dr. Watts’ commitment to quality education has allowed UTPB to be the first school in Texas to offer a $10,000 bachelor’s degree in select majors and is recognized as the least expensive Texas public, four-year institution. Under his leadership, UTPB has received na-tional accreditation in Art, Business, Edu-cation, Mechanical Engineering and Petroleum Engineering, Social Work, Music, Nursing, and Athletic Training Education. These initiatives have allowed UTPB to leave its imprint on the workforce, and it could not have been accom-plished without Dr. Watt’s leadership. Over the last few years, Dr. Watts spear-headed efforts to write a new chapter in UTPB’s history by bringing college football to the university. Prior to this, UTPB was the only public university west of I–35 that did not par-ticipate in football. Now UTPB is in a more competitive position to attract new students to the Permian Basin. Last year, the Falcons kicked off the inaugural season and set the foundation for the program. The team looks to build off of that progress as they begin to pre-pare for next season. Dr. Watts’ contributions to UTPB will always be remembered and his impact will surely be felt by generations to come. As he and his wife Denise embark on a new chapter in their life, I wish them all my best. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to have my votes recorded on the House Floor on Monday, April 3, 2017. Weather across the Midwest delayed my flight to Washington, D.C. until after votes had been called. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of H. Res. 92 and H.R. 479. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BIPARTISAN RESOLUTION EXPRESSING STRONG SUPPORT FOR THE COUNTRIES OF EASTERN EU-ROPE AND THE NORTH ATLAN-TIC TREATY ORGANIZATION 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of a bipartisan resolution I introduced earlier today with my colleague J
OHN SHIMKUS ex- pressing strong support for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). This resolution reaffirms the importance of harmony and sta-bility rather than war and conflict and acknowl-edges the NATO’s pivotal role in achieving such goals. NATO remains the most important and crit-ical security link between the United States and Europe. The incorporation of Eastern European countries into NATO has contributed towards a vision of a stable and united Europe. NATO allies and partners in both Central and Eastern Europe have stood alongside the United States in joint peace operations in the West-ern Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere. Our resolution emphasizes the United States’ strong commitment to the independ-ence, sovereignty, territorial integrity, and democratic development of the countries that have emerged from the former Soviet Union, including Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, Geor-gia, Ukraine, and Moldova. During the past three decades, many of these countries have undertaken considerable political and eco-nomic reforms necessary to achieve aspira-tions for European integration and Euro-Atlan-tic cooperation. I want to thank Congressman S
HIMKUS for his partnership on this resolution and urge my colleagues to pass it swiftly to reaffirm the United States’ commitment to our NATO allies. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NOEMI TORRES—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my congressional district. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Noemi Torres of West Hollywood, California. Noemi Torres immigrated to the United States from Guadalajara, Mexico at the age of 13. After some time in Seattle, Washington, she came to Los Angeles and now calls West Hollywood home. Ms. Torres came to Cali-fornia, as many do, to pursue her dreams. While she has a passion for photography and acting, she found herself working with a suc-cessful startup telecommunications company, and it was while at that company, that she was exposed to the real estate industry. Now Noemi is on the Modern Living LA team of the John Aaroe Group Sunset, where she uses her considerable talents to help her clients with their real estate needs. Along with her incredible professional ac-complishments, Ms. Torres has also shown herself to be an astoundingly capable commu-nity leader. She volunteers for Project Angel Food, AIDS Walk Los Angeles, the Revlon Run/Walk, Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, Heal the Bay, and the Downtown Women’s Center. Noemi especially shines in her advo-cacy in her two terms on the City of West Hol-lywood Women’s Advisory Board, which she currently chairs. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Noemi Torres. f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF GUS MACHADO 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Gus Machado and celebrate his career. Gus moved to the United States from Cuba with his family in 1949, and has become a symbol of the American dream for many. Through hard work and determination, Gus has built several successful car dealerships. He has managed to stay in business through a recession that had a significant impact on car sales, and worked diligently to avoid downsizing his workforce and keep others em-ployed. Throughout his career in car sales, Gus has acted as an honorable man with the best interests of the community at heart. For the past seven years, Gus Machado’s businesses have received the Blue Oval Cer-tification status from Ford Motor Company. Additionally, in 2013, one dealership received Ford Motor Company’s highest honor, the President’s Award. Gus has proved himself to be dedicated to improving his community. In 2008, he founded the Gus Machado Family Foundation, which provides children with backpacks full of school supplies. The Foundation also works to keep children healthy by providing them with immu-nizations. Gus is deeply involved with the U.S.-Cuba Democracy PAC, an organization dedicated to promoting freedom and democratic ideals in the communist country of Cuba. Although he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06AP8.003 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE472 April 6, 2017 
has lived in Florida for most of his life, Gus re-members his native Cuba and has not lost sight of the importance of allowing the Cuban people the same basic rights and freedoms we take for granted in the United States that are stifled under the Castro regime. For his successful businesses, involvement in the community, and unfailingly optimistic outlook, Gus Machado is an excellent inspira-tion for Miami and Florida. It has been a privi-lege to know him and his family, including the love of his life Lilliam, who has become a dear friend of mine. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his work to date and wishing him continued success. 
f 
HONORING LINDA McGURK’S MANY YEARS OF SERVICE TO EDU-CATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Linda McGurk for her 25 years of service as principal of Ben Milam Ele-mentary School in McAllen, Texas. Linda McGurk received her Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education from The University of Texas Pan-American in 1964. That same year, she began teaching first grade. In 1968, while raising a family with her husband James McGurk, Linda McGurk served on the St. Joseph’s School Board and volunteered with the Edinburg Parks and Recreation Department, the Edinburg Junior Service League. Linda McGurk became prin-cipal of St. Joseph Catholic School in 1984. Two years later, she earned her Master’s in Educational Administration from The University of Texas Pan-American. In 1992, Linda McGurk was named principal of Ben Milam El-ementary School, a position she still holds today. Over the course of her tenure at Ben Milam, she has helped thousands of children embark on an educational journey. In 2006, the University of Texas Pan-Amer-ican recognized Linda McGurk for her leader-ship and countless contributions to elementary education in South Texas. And in 2012, the Texas Classroom Teachers Association named her Administrator of the Year. Most re-cently, the McAllen Education Foundation hon-ored Linda McGurk for her commitment to stu-dent success, naming her an ‘‘Outstanding Educator’’ this past year. For more than 50 years, Linda McGurk has dedicated her life to expanding educational opportunities for all. She has been a champion of student success and her commitment to parents, teachers, and staff at Ben Milam Ele-mentary School is admirable. As we recognize Linda McGurk’s service to the McAllen Independent School District, we also celebrate Ben Milam Elementary School’s 50th Anniversary. If walls could talk, the walls of Ben Milam Elementary School would tell an inspirational story spanning half a century. Milam Elemen-tary School has molded numerous generations of McAllen’s young minds and given them the tools they need to succeed. Mr. Speaker, this week South Texas honors a great educator. It is my privilege to recog-nize Mrs. Linda McGurk in the U.S. House of Representatives today. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 38TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RE-LATIONS ACT HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 38th Anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA), which has played an es-sential role in advancing the shared interests and values of the United States and Taiwan. Taiwan has become the United States’ 10th largest trading partner and is a beacon of de-mocracy in East Asia. Along with the TRA, the ‘‘Six Assurances’’ have also guided our relationship with Taiwan. Three years after the TRA was enacted, Presi-dent Reagan issued the ‘‘Six Assurances,’’ re-affirming our nation’s support for Taiwan. There is one area that, because of China’s in-transigence, needs further consideration. China has blocked Taiwan’s entrance into international organizations where Taiwan could play a meaningful role. In addition to security, the United States and Taiwan have a close economic partnership. In 2016, bilateral trade was slightly over $65 bil-lion. Taiwan and New Jersey also have very close trade ties. In 2015, Taiwan was New Jersey’s 6th largest export market in Asia, with New Jersey’s exports to Taiwan reaching $491 million. This week, Chinese President Xi visited the United States and met with President Trump. While this meeting presented a constructive opportunity, the interests must in no way be marginalized. The commitments made in the Taiwan Relations Act and the ‘‘Six Assur-ances’’ must never be compromised. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be a friend of Taiwan and her people, and to recognize the anniversary of the TRA. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINE RODRI-GUEZ—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Christine Rodri-guez, of Elysian Valley, a unique neighbor-hood in Los Angeles, California. Christine has spent many years of her life serving her community through her work as a librarian and through volunteering. She was the Children’s Librarian at the East Los Ange-les County Library, and then became a volun-teer at that library, leading the Summer Read-ing Program. Since 1994, Ms. Rodriguez has worked for the City of Burbank’s libraries, and is currently Supervising Librarian at the Buena Vista Branch Library. A consummate volunteer, Christine has been active at Dorris Place Elementary School, running school book fairs, fundraising and participating in the parent support organi-zation. She is a graduate of the Leadership Burbank program, where she assisted with fundraising for Monterey High School in Bur-bank, and was active in the John Burroughs High School Boosters, where she raised money for the water polo team. Ms. Rodriguez served as Secretary and Treasurer of the Elysian Valley Neighborhood Council, chairing the Neighborhood Purposes Grants Committee, utilizing her longtime city employment knowledge. Her current volunteer organizations include serving as a member of the Elysian Valley Fruit Share, where excess fruit from neighborhood gardens is given to residents without gardens, attending a variety of neighborhood community meetings, and as a member of the Elysian Valley Art Collective where she raised funds for two of the annual Frogtown Artwalks. In addition, Christine is an art quilter whose artwork has been displayed at the Cactus Gallery in Elysian Valley. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Christine Rodriguez. f 
RECOGNIZING ARTHUR A. ANSELENE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Arthur A. ‘‘Art’’ Anselene on the occasion of his retirement as Town Manager of the Town of Herndon. For 41 years, Art has dedicated his life to the service of his commu-nity and the residents of Herndon. In 1976, he assumed the position of Director of the De-partment of Parks and Recreation for the Town of Herndon, a position in which he would serve for 31 years, and in 2007 he was appointed Town Manager. His tenure as Director of Parks and Recre-ation was marked by the creation of many new events in the Town. These included, among others, the inaugural Herndon Festival, the Labor Day Festival, the July 4th celebra-tion, the Turkey Trot, Holiday Arts and Craft Show, and the always popular summer con-cert series. In addition, Art worked with the Mayor and the Town Council on a number of public works projects including the Herndon Community Center, Chestnut Grove Cemetery, the Downtown Master Plan, and the Herndon Metrorail Station Area Plan. Under his leadership, the Parks and Recre-ation Department became one of only 66 elite parks agencies in the country and the fourth in Virginia to receive national agency accredita-tion. He oversaw the development of a com-prehensive parks and recreation system for the town which included a dozen parks, the Herndon Centennial Golf Course, an indoor tennis center, and the flagship Herndon Com-munity Center. As Town Manager for Hern-don, Art has had oversight responsibility for all town operations including Community Devel-opment, Finance, Human Resources, Parks and Recreation, Police, Public Works, Golf, Cemetery, Communications and Economic Development, IT, and the Town Clerk. His efforts have resulted in the Town of Herndon receiving numerous local, state and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06AP8.013 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE473 April 6, 2017 
national awards and recognitions including a fourth Gold Medal Award for Excellence from the National Recreation and Park Association, the Virginia Municipal League’s Achievement Award, and two Green Government Certifi-cations to both the Department of Parks and Recreation and the Town of Herndon Police Department. In addition, the Town received the Government Finance Officers Association of both the United States and Canada’s Award for Excellence in recognition of his commit-ment to fiscal responsibility and his work in maintaining the Town’s AAA bond rating. While one might think that this level of dedi-cation and commitment would be enough for one individual, Art’s involvement in his com-munity also extends to his activities outside of his profession. He is a member of the Hern-don Rotary and Lions Clubs, the National Recreation and Parks Association Commission on Accreditation, and the Virginia Local Gov-ernment Management Association, to name a few. Mr. Speaker, I have often said that public service is among the most noble of callings. The tireless dedication of individuals like Art are selfless acts that are truly worthy of our highest praise. I commend him for his service to our community and ask my colleagues to join me in wishing him great success in all his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING NAIMAH BILAL 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, this past Feb-ruary we celebrated Black History Month, dur-ing which time we recognize the important contributions made by African-Americans to this great nation. Nowhere is that heritage more visible than in New York City. That is why, at my office’s annual Black History Month Celebration, I was honored to recognize Ms. Naimah Bilal, who has been a lifelong, tireless community advocate. Born and raised in Harlem, NY, she started her community involvement at an early age. She and other community members marched for an overpass to be built for the newly con-structed FDR Drive, where many accidents oc-curred as people tried to cross over to the park where the basketball and handball courts were located. Her efforts were successful, the overpass was built and accidents decreased. Later, Naimah and her family moved to Lenox Avenue in Harlem and she continued to be active on several committees at Masjid Malcolm Shabazz. Naimah worked for the NYS Division of Housing & Community Renewal (DHCR) Rep-resenting the Clerical Staff of this Agency and Delegate of DC 37 until retiring after 22 years in October 2007. Upon moving to the Bronx, she got involved with several community based organizations including the 44th Precinct Community Council and CASA (Community Action for Safe Apart-ments). She is the President of Council Mem-ber Vanessa Gibson’s Tenants Block and Neighborhood Council and President of her Tenants Association. She is an active member of DC37 Retirees. Ms. Bilal prides herself on being a mother, grandmother, great-grandmother, and a com-munity organizer. She encourages all to get involved, especially the Youth, so they have a full understanding of what is going on in their communities and to be aware of what their rights and responsibilities are so that they are empowered and civically engaged. Ms. Bilal serves as a wonderful example of those im-portant values. She has made great contribu-tions to the Bronx and my congressional dis-trict, and I am truly thankful to count her as a constituent. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Ms. Naimah Bilal for her continued commitment to service. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) WILLIAM AN-THONY BLOUNT 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Specialist (SPC) William Anthony Blount who paid the ul-timate sacrifice while defending our nation on April 7, 2010, in Mosul, Iraq when his vehicle was attacked with an improvised explosive de-vice. He was 21 years old and was serving with the 1st Battalion, 64th Armor Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Divi-sion of Fort Stewart, GA. His commanding offi-cer, 1LT Robert Wilson Collins was also killed in the attack. SPC Blount joined the military in 2009 after graduating from Petal High School in Petal, Mississippi. Following his death, the SPC Wil-liam Anthony Blount Memorial Scholarship was established at Petal High School. Nate McRae, SPC Blount’s brother-in-law said his brother was extremely honorable. All of his commanding officers said he was an amazing soldier and that his loss was keenly felt. The procession of SPC Blount’s body from the Pine Belt Regional Airport to Moore Fu-neral Home, led by Mississippi Highway Patrol officers and Petal officials, travelled from Inter-state 59 to Evelyn Gandy Parkway to Petal High School along Mississippi Highway 42. With flags and posters in hand, residents lined the streets, and students were released from school to view the procession. SPC Blount is survived by his wife Amanda and his daughter Avery Elizabeth Blount. He is also survived by parents, Billy and Kay Blount, and his siblings, Laken Blount and Lori McRae. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE WEST GADS-DEN BOYS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the West Gadsden Boys Bas-ketball Team on their 2017 FHSAA State Championship win over Wildwood. This is the first time in 46 years that the mighty bulldog’s basketball team has accomplished this great milestone. They have proven that dedication, hard work and unwavering passion will carry you a long way. This win was a special moment for West Gadsden Bulldogs as it honored one of their very own. On June 17, coaching legend Wil-liam Moody, who helped the Bulldogs win 75 games in a row and Class C state tides from 1969–71, passed away. The Bulldogs has made not only me and Coach Moody proud, but the entire Fifth Con-gressional District proud as well. I look forward to watching their future suc-cess in both their academic and athletic pur-suits and wish them all the very best. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KEITH MOSS, MAYOR OF DURYEA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Keith Moss, Mayor of Duryea Borough. On April 18, 2017, Mayor Moss will receive the 2017 Joseph Saporito, Sr. Lifetime of Service Award for his dedication to the peo-ple of Duryea. Keith first began serving his community in his youth as a Boy Scout. At the age of 20, Keith joined the Germania Hose Company as a volunteer firefighter. Throughout his mem-bership with the hose company, Keith served as president, vice-president, and trustee. Keith began his political career in 1992, when he was elected to Duryea Borough Council. In 2001, Keith successfully ran for Mayor of Duryea and has since served the borough as its chief administrator. In addition to presiding over the borough’s affairs, Mayor Moss has of-ficiated weddings over the years. In September 2011, Mayor Moss’ leadership was put to the test when rain from Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee flooded areas of Duryea. After being alerted by Luzerne County Emergency Management of possible flooding, Mayor Moss issued a declaration that gave him temporary operational control of Duryea. For 72 hours, he worked non-stop with other government officials to prepare residents for evacuation. After the storm hit, 139 homes in the borough were destroyed. Tasked with clean up from the storm, Mayor Moss was promised federal aid from former Vice Presi-dent Joe Biden, who personally surveyed flooded sections of Duryea. Today, Mayor Moss continues to serve the Duryea Borough and is focusing on fostering closer relationships in the community. He helped arrange Duryea’s involvement in Na-tional Night Out, an event that promotes com-munity-police camaraderie, as well as the bor-ough’s Halloween party. It is an honor to recognize Mayor Moss as he accepts the 2017 Joseph Saporito, Sr. Life-time of Service Award. His long history of service to Duryea is significant contribution to the fabric of America. May he continue to fulfill his mayoral duties with honor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06AP8.010 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE474 April 6, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE 2017 FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DE-PARTMENT VALOR AWARD RE-CIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This is the 39th Annual Valor Awards spon-sored by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This event honors the remarkable heroism and bravery in the line of duty exem-plified by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will present 125 awards to recog-nize extraordinary actions above and beyond the call of duty in a variety of categories in-cluding the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certifi-cate of Valor, and the Bronze and Silver Med-als of Valor. Twenty-three awards will be bestowed upon first responders who serve with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department in rec-ognition of their exceptional service. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD the names of the following Valor Award Recipi-ents. 
BRONZE MEDAL OF VALOR  
Captain I Bruce A. Neuhaus Lieutenant Ji Y. Lee Lieutenant Sean E. Ferguson Lieutenant Diron D. Powell Master Technician Marc G. Campet Master Technician Daryl T. Casey Master Technician Herbert M. Knerr Master Technician Michael C. Lewis Master Technician Peter G. Zagorites Technician Sean P. Allen Firefighter Fidel A. Blanco 
LIFESAVING AWARD  
Deputy Chief Andrew L. Duke Captain II Mark E. Kordalski Captain Walter Johnson Lieutenant Scott F. Primrose Technician James L. Campbell Technician Travis L. Franks Technician Michael A. Garcia Technician James E. Pfister Technician Adam J. Silvers Firefighter Medic Vicki L. Swain Firefighter Sidney B. Boyd Firefighter Robert L. Knupp Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2017 Valor Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department. Their efforts, made on behalf of the citizens of our commu-nity, are selfless acts of heroism and truly merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding this group of remark-able citizens. HONORING SHIRLEY POWELL FOR HER LEGACY AND COURAGEOUS SERVICE HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an outstanding member of my district Chief Master Sergeant (CMSgt) Shirley Powell of Cathedral City, California. She passed away in March 2017. Her dedication and service to our nation are an inspiration. CMSgt Powell was a member of my congressional office’s Veterans’ Advisory Board and Military Academy Nomina-tions Selection Committee. She was a remark-able leader, and I am honored to have called her my constituent and my friend. Today, I want to recognize her life achievements. CMSgt Powell worked for 45 years in the field of Aerospace. In 1962, she joined the U.S. Air Force (USAF), where she served for 38 years. She was a founding member of the 68th Aeromedical Evacuation Squadron (AES) in the Military Airlift Command KC–97 Globemaster Program, where she served mul-tiple tours in support of Vietnam and other international and domestic efforts. In 1981, she transferred to the California Air National Guard TAC C–130 Program. She was honored with numerous, well-de-served distinctions. In the Air National Guard 146th Wing, Shirley was the first female to achieve the rank of Senior Master Sergeant and the first female to be selected for the spe-cial duty of First Sergeant. Among her numer-ous awards are the Meritorious Service Medal, the Presidential Unit Citation, the Combat Readiness Medal, the Air Reserve Forces Meritorious Service Medal, the National De-fense Service Ribbon, the Vietnam Service Medal, and the Southwest Asia Service Medal. After her retirement in 2000, she was highly active in various associations in the commu-nity. She became an active member of the Palm Springs Air Force Association, the Air Force Sergeants Association, the Noncommis-sioned Officer Association, and the Enlisted Association of the National Guard, where she held numerous Board positions. She was se-lected to serve on the Riverside County Vet-erans Advisory Committee, and she main-tained her status as Chief Exam Proctor for the Los Angeles Chapter of the American So-ciety for Quality. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize and honor Shirley Powell. I am proud of the oppor-tunity to have worked together with her to im-prove the lives of veterans in our community. Her distinguished career and her years of committed service to the community are an example of excellence, dedication, and service to our Nation that all should seek to emulate. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, April 5, 2017, I missed the fol-lowing vote: 1. Motion on Ordering the Previous Ques-tion on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 1219. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NO’’ on this motion. f 
HONORING BRONX COUNTY DIS-TRICT ATTORNEY DARCEL CLARK 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, we recently celebrated Black History Month this past Feb-ruary. During my office’s annual Black History Month Celebration, I was honored to reflect on the tremendous contributions African-Ameri-cans have made within my district in Bronx County, and to recognize several outstanding individuals contributing to their community. Let me mention one of those people today—Bronx County District Attorney Darcel Clark. She is the first woman in this position, the first female African-American District Attorney in the state of New York, and has been a trailblazer for criminal justice throughout her professional ca-reer. District Attorney Clark became the District Attorney for our county on January 1, 2016. Prior to her election, District Attorney Clark served as an Associate Justice for the New York State Supreme Court Appellate Division, First Department; a New York State Supreme Court Justice in Bronx County; and a Criminal Court Judge in Bronx and New York Counties. She spent more than 16 years on the bench. District Attorney Clark is also a lifelong Bronxite, raised in NYCHA’s Soundview Houses. She attended public schools in New York City, graduating from Harry S Truman High School. She attended Boston College and received her Bachelor’s Degree in Polit-ical Science where she was the first recipient of the University’s Martin Luther King, Jr., Me-morial Scholarship. She then went on to earn her law degree at the Howard University School of Law in Washington, D.C. District Attorney Clark returned home in 1986 to begin her legal career at the Bronx District Attorney’s Office. She prosecuted many cases, including drug felonies, violent crimes, and homicides. District Attorney Clark served as a Supervising ADA in the Narcotics Bureau and the Deputy Chief of the Criminal Court Bureau. In 1999, she left the Office for her first judicial post. District Attorney Clark also serves on the Boston College Board of Trustees and has served in leadership positions in the National Association of Women Judges and the Black Bar Association of Bronx County. Throughout her career in public service, Dis-trict Attorney Clark has worked to ensure fair-ness, accountability, and justice for Bronxites. In her new role as Bronx County District Attor-ney, she has already made the office more re-sponsive, and worked to reduce case delays that have diminished trust in our system of justice. She is an important role model to all in our community, and I look forward to work-ing with her in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Ms. Darcel Clark for her tireless work to ensure justice and commitment to the peo-ple of the Bronx. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.005 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE475 April 6, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) LARRY KENYATTA BROWN 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Specialist (SPC) Larry Kenyatta Brown who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice while defending our nation April 6, 2006, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. SPC Brown was mortally wounded during a combat mission to liberate the Iraqi city of Karbala. SPC Brown was assigned to C Com-pany, 1st Battalion, 414 Infantry Regiment, Fort Riley, Kansas. SPC Brown, a Jackson native, attended Bai-ley Magnet High School where he was a track and basketball athlete. His high school prin-cipal, Dorothy Terry, said SPC Brown was a serious young man who was kind. Terry said SPC Brown also had a great sense of humor. During the funeral held at Blacks Chapel Baptist Church, Brigadier General Frank Helmick described SPC Brown’s devotion to our nation. ‘‘Larry Brown displayed the intensive for-titude to fight and complete the mission even though it meant giving his life for our country.’’ Hundreds of people came to the funeral in-cluding twenty-nine soldiers from Fort Riley. Ten soldiers from Fort Polk, Louisiana carried Brown’s coffin. SPC Brown’s bravery and courage in serv-ice to our nation will always be remembered. 
f 
MEDICARE DEMONSTRATION OF COVERAGE FOR LOW VISION DE-VICES ACT OF 2017 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that 80 mil-lion Americans are at risk of serious vision loss—a number expected to increase as the baby boomer generation ages. Along with my colleague Rep. G
USBILIRAKIS , I am proud to reintroduce legislation to support Americans with limited or impaired vision. For some, reading a book or crossing the street is difficult even with glasses or contact lenses due to blurriness or distortion. Doctors can prescribe magnifiers and other special de-vices, but their current exclusion from Medi-care coverage greatly restricts access to these devices. While there are a wide variety of op-tions to help people with low vision, currently, there is an exclusion from Medicare coverage for devices that include a lens to aid vision or provide magnification of images for impaired vision. Coverage of these devices will greatly enhance the ability of older Americans to age independently and enjoy everyday activities. To understand the impact of covering these devices for America’s seniors, we are reintro-ducing the Medicare Demonstration of Cov-erage for Low Vision Devices Act of 2017. This legislation would create a five-year na-tional demonstration project administered by the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices to evaluate the economic impact of allow-ing reimbursement for certain low vision de-vices under the Social Security Act. Coverage of such devices could help Medicare bene-ficiaries with low vision lead healthy, safe, and independent lives. I urge my colleagues to join us by sup-porting this legislation that will make a signifi-cant change to improve the quality of life for the visually impaired. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE I.C. NORCOM BOYS’ BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great pride to call attention to a group of young students who have distinguished them-selves, their school, their community, and the city of Portsmouth, Virginia. The I.C. Norcom Greyhounds boys’ basketball team had a re-markable season and I believe the Grey-hounds deserve formal recognition for their ac-complishments. On March 10, 2017, the I.C. Norcom Grey-hounds beat the Northside Vikings of Roa-noke, Virginia, to win the Group 3A boys’ state basketball championship, becoming the first basketball team, boys or girls, to win four con-secutive state championships. The Grey-hounds completed their 2017 season with an impressive 22–8 record. I.C. Norcom won the championship in dra-matic fashion, with a steal in the last six sec-onds of the game leading to a two point vic-tory of 67 to Northside’s 65. I.C. Norcom’s boys’ basketball team has had a consistent run of excellence in recent years, and has be-come a dominant force in Virginia high school sports. I.C. Norcom was founded in 1913 as the High Street School, the first public high school for black students in Portsmouth. It was later renamed in honor of its first supervising prin-cipal, Israel Charles Norcom, a businessman, fraternalist, and leader in the Portsmouth com-munity. Now, more than 100 years after its founding and three locations later, I.C. Norcom High School is still striving to ensure academic excellence for its students. In addition to excelling on the basketball court, the Greyhounds are also doing great things in the classroom. I.C. Norcom has been nominated for Steve Harvey’s Neighborhood Award and has partnered with community businesses to help tutor students. I.C. Norcom students have been partici-pating in the First College program—attending Tidewater Community College this semester and taking up to 14 college credits before they graduate. I.C. Norcom is doing a great job cul-tivating excellence both on and off the athletic field. I would like to extend my enthusiastic con-gratulations to the I.C. Norcom players, their families, Principal Dr. Laguna Foster, Coach Leon Goolsby and the rest of his coaching staff on this most recent State Championship and on the team’s continued excellence. On behalf of the citizens of the Third Congres-sional District of Virginia, I commend the team for this historic win, this historic run of cham-pionships, and wish the program years of con-tinued success. f 
CELEBRATING THE 275TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MORAVIAN COL-LEGE 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Moravian College on the occasion of its 275th Anniversary. Located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Moravian’s roots go all the way back to May 1742, when it began as a girls’ school founded by Countess Benigna von Zinzendorf, who was only 16 years-old at the time. Motivated by her religious roots in the Moravian denomi-nation, Countess Benigna accompanied her father, Count Nicholas von Zinzendorf, on a visit to the Moravian settlements in the New World. The intent was to use education as an instrument of salvation for the surrounding community of Bethlehem, which was estab-lished one year prior. Zinzendorf’s school became the first girls’ boarding school in America. Eventually, it would come to be known as the Bethlehem Female Seminary, and in 1913, it became the Moravian Seminary and College for Women. The school developed such a distinguished reputation that in its early years, George Washington personally petitioned the head-master for the admission of two of his great- nieces while he served his second term as President. In 1954, the women’s institution joined with the men’s institution, Moravian College and Theological Seminary, which was comprised of boys’ schools from Bethlehem and Naza-reth, to form the singular Moravian College. Moravian Theological Seminary maintained a close, but distinct identity as a graduate school of theology. The merger made Mora-vian College the first coeducational institution of higher learning in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania. Today, Moravian College remains com-mitted to its mission of preparing individuals for a ‘‘reflective life, fulfilling careers, and transforming leadership in a world of change.’’ The school offers more than 50 programs of study, and over 2,000 students make up its undergraduate and graduate student popu-lation. It is my pleasure to congratulate the stu-dents, alumni, faculty, and staff of Moravian College as they celebrate this very special 275th Anniversary. May they enjoy continued success in edifying and serving the Lehigh Valley and all those who look to carry on its proud tradition. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL BEER DAY 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to National Beer Day. On April 7, 1933, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.009 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE476 April 6, 2017 
the Cullen-Harrison Act, named after the legis-lation’s sponsors, went into effect and for the first time since 1920 the purchase, sale, and consumption of beer and wine with an alcohol content of 3.2 percent, was legal. Fast forward 76 years to 2009 when one of my constituents, Justin Smith, sparked the idea of celebrating National Beer Day on April 7th. In March of this year, Justin’s efforts eventually lead to our Governor Terry McAuliffe recognizing National Beer Day in Virginia. National Beer Day has grown to such prominence that it was recently featured as a clue on Jeopardy. The impact that craft brewers have on the Virginia economy is substantial. According to the Virginia Craft Brewers Guild, the Common-wealth of Virginia had 142 breweries and nearly $1 billion in economic impact in 2016. The craft brewing industry is growing rapidly in Virginia and given current trends, will continue to do so. In 2016, Virginia craft brewers took home 13 medals from the Great American Beer Festival proving that Virginia’s craft brew-ers are plenty in number, but also in quality. Craft breweries such as 1781 Brewing Co, Battlefield Brewing Co., Beer Hound Brewery, Extra Billy’s Smokehouse and Brewery, Far Gohn Brewing Co., Final Gravity Brewing Co, Kindred Spirit Brewing, Lickinghole Creek Craft Brewery, Midnight Brewery LLC, Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery, Steam Bell Beer Works, Strangeways Brewing, The An-swer Brewpub Co., and Willow Spring Brewery are located in my district. I’m delighted to have so many craft brewers supporting the local economy, providing jobs, and promoting the safe consumption of beer in my district. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER ARMY CORPORAL (CPL) TYLER JOE DICKENS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen soldier Army Corporal (CPL) Tyler Joe Dickens who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our na-tion on April 12, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. CPL Dickens died from injuries he sustained when a rocket-propelled grenade struck his guard tower in Al Mahmudiyah, Iraq. CPL Dickens was assigned to the 2nd Squad-ron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin, California. CPL Dickens entered active service in June 2002. He followed in the footsteps of his fa-ther, Joseph Dickens, who also served in the Army. CPL Dickens served as a sniper team leader at the time of his death. During CPL Dickens’s memorial service, a letter from a superior, Captain Gary Mills, was read aloud. Mills described how proud Dickens was of his family and that he enjoyed sharing stories with his unit and pictures of his wife, Elisha, and newborn son, Austin. ‘‘The platoon was proud when [his] son was born,’’ Mills wrote. ‘‘We would like to thank his entire family. None of us will ever forget Tyler J. Dickens.’’ CPL Dickens was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, Army Commendation Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Ter-rorism Expeditionary Medal, Expert Infantry-man Badge, and the Combat Infantryman Badge. CPL Dickens’s sacrifice for the freedoms we all enjoy will not be forgotten. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A PRIVATE BILL FOR THE RELIEF OF DANIELA VARGAS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, today, I am introducing a bill to provide re-lief to Ms. Daniela Vargas, a young woman from my Congressional district in Mississippi. Ms. Vargas was brought to the United States by her parents as a seven-year-old child from Argentina in 2001. Like the esti-mated 750,000 other young people in the same situation, she became a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipient and has a pending DACA renewal application. By all accounts, Ms. Vargas is a hard worker who, up until March, was living the American Dream. Having graduated from high school with honors in 2013, Ms. Vargas was pursuing her college degree in hopes of becoming a math teacher. On March 1, 2017, this valuable member of our community who respects our laws, pays her taxes, and has no criminal record found herself the innocent victim of the cruelties of our current immigration system. On that day, Ms. Vargas participated in a press event at City Hall in Jackson, Mis-sissippi organized by local church leaders and immigration advocates to raise awareness about the negative impacts that politically-mo-tivated immigration enforcement actions di-rected by the Trump Administration are having on communities across the country and those young people with DACA status who have come to be known as ‘‘Dreamers’’. Exercising her First Amendment Rights, Ms. Vargas shared her family’s story and courageously spoke out on behalf of those who, like her, live with the fear that on any given day they will be deported in furtherance of the President’s misguided and cruel immigration agenda. When Ms. Vargas and a friend left the DACA event at City Hall, they were trailed by ICE Agents. After pulling the car over on the side of the road, the ICE Agents, who should have been aware that Ms. Vargas had a pending DACA renewal application, took her into cus-tody and transferred her to a detention facility in Jena, Louisiana—160 miles from her home. When Ms. Vargas’ case was brought to my at-tention, I, along with a diverse network of civil and immigration rights groups, mobilized on her behalf. Thankfully, on March 10th, a U.S. District Court granted the petition submitted on her behalf and she was released from deten-tion, but an order for her removal remains ac-tive. Enforcement of our country’s immigration laws must hold steadfast to our cherished American values. Our nation needs law-abid-ing DACA recipients, like Ms. Vargas, to be free from the threat of deportation so that they can contribute to our communities. These Dreamers took a leap of faith during the Obama Administration and came out of the shadows in the hopes that our immigration laws would be reformed to give them the se-curity they need to build a better future for themselves and their families. Members of the Jackson community support Ms. Vargas wholeheartedly, and I am proud to offer my support as well. While this may be a private bill for one individual, I strongly believe we must do better by the thousands of other young people like Ms. Vargas who now live in fear of being uprooted from the communities that they call home. We urgently need to offer them a secure path forward, not one that pushes them back into the shadows or threat-ens to send them away from the country that is their home. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL VOLUNTEER WEEK 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize today to recognize National Volunteer Week, which will take place the week of April 23–29, 2017. During National Volunteer Week, organizations across the country celebrate the efforts of volunteers who share their time and talents with those in need—the homeless, the hungry, the elderly, the at-risk youth, and other marginalized popu-lations. National Volunteer Week was established in 1974 by President Richard Nixon. Every U.S. president since then has issued a proclama-tion during National Volunteer Week, encour-aging Americans to volunteer in their commu-nities. This week serves to remind us all that we are a nation of people that thrives on serv-ing others. The volunteering of time and re-sources has been an instrumental part of the essence and tradition of our country and re-mains essential to its spirit and vitality. I especially would like to recognize the great work of the Tri-Community Directors of Volun-teer Services (Tri-DVS), which has been pro-viding support to professionals working in the volunteer services field in Columbus and Fort Benning, Georgia and Phenix City, Alabama since 1985. In addition to promoting vol-unteerism, Tri-DVS provides support, training, networking opportunities, and professional skills accreditation to its members. Each year, Tri-DVS holds a luncheon during National Volunteer Week to recognize and thank the volunteers in the tri-city area. In September, the group sponsors a seminar, In-vesting in Volunteerism, to help organizations integrate volunteer services into their oper-ations. Tri-DVS is a leader in the movement to im-prove communities through volunteerism and I applaud their resounding efforts to encourage and expand volunteer services for individuals and organizations throughout the tri-city area. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in recognizing National Volunteer Week by ac-knowledging the positive impact volunteerism has on communities throughout the country. In addition, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the Tri-Community Directors of Vol-unteer Services for their efforts to provide sup-port for the volunteers who tirelessly share their time and talents with those in need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.013 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE477 April 6, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on April 5, 2017, I was unavoidably absent due to a fam-ily medical emergency and missed roll call votes 217–220. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll call vote 217: On ordering the previous question: NAY Roll call vote 218: On agreeing to the Reso-lution, H. Res. 242: NAY Roll call vote 219: On Motion to Table the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair: NAY Roll call vote 220: On final passage of H.R. 1304—Self-Insurance Protection Act: YEA 
f 
38TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT (TRA) 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a very important day in U.S.-Tai-wan relations. April 10th marks the 38th Anni-versary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA). This important statute has been critical in de-fining the diplomatic, economic, and strategic relationship we have enjoyed with Taiwan over the last four decades. In 2017, Taiwan is the United States’ tenth largest trading partner. The TRA has strengthened our relationship and helped encourage a particularly strong economic partnership. The growth of Taiwan is a living breathing example that trade benefits humanity, and not just economically. Particularly in light of the scheduled meeting between President Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, it is impor-tant for our nation to remember and com-memorate the special relationship between the United States and Taiwan, a thriving and inno-vative economy that most countries envy. In this new and exciting era for our two nations, one that promises to emphasize bilateral trade agreements, I impress on the administration that a strong relationship between the U.S. and Taiwan is key to sustaining peace, sta-bility and liberty in the Asia-Pacific region. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to a continuing successful cooperation between the United States and Taiwan. I am also confident that if we continue to enhance our economic rela-tionship, this dynamic partnership that we’ve built together will continue to thrive in the fu-ture. 
f 
HONORING MR. BERVIN HARRIS 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, this past Feb-ruary, I was honored to recognize outstanding members of the Bronx community during my office’s annual Black History Month Celebra-tion. During that time, we gave pause to com-memorate the innumerable contributions that African Americans have made—and continue to make—to our Nation. Today, it gives me great pleasure to rise in honor of one of those exceptional individuals, a trailblazer in youth civic engagement through the power of music. It is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you to honor Mr. Bervin Harris. Mr. Harris is the Co-Founder and CEO of Renaissance Youth Center in my district. He has over 30 years of social development ex-perience in the areas of youth services and community development, and cofounded the Youth Center in 2001. As CEO, he has cre-ated and managed several successful pro-grams throughout the Bronx community. Ren-aissance Youth Center serves close to 4,000 youth a week at multiple sites, providing chil-dren in the Bronx with educational program-ming, tutoring, and musical lessons. Mr. Harris also manages, writes and directs for the cen-ter’s Music With A Message (MWAM) Band, performing with them in close to 100 shows a year. Mr. Harris is also the director of the cen-ter’s citywide youth council, Youth In Power, with more than one thousand teens partici-pating. Under the direction of Mr. Harris, the youth council participates in precinct, community board, and mayoral meetings by partnering with community organizations and advocating for their peers and neighborhoods. Recently, the council led the charge to hold a local slaughterhouse owner accountable for prop-erly disposing of their trash and keeping the surrounding area clean. Their efforts brought this quality of life issue to the attention of the health department and local elected officials which in turn forced the business owner to ad-dress the community’s concerns. Mr. Harris has built many partnerships for Renaissance including with the New York Police Depart-ment, Carnegie Hall, NYC Parks Department, Berklee College of Music, and many more. Prior to Renaissance, Mr. Harris was the program director at a Beacon program where he more than tripled the annual budget and was recognized as one of the 4 ‘‘Model Bea-cons’’ by the Department of Youth and Com-munity Development. Mr. Harris is also an artist on Capitol Records where as an accomplished musician, singer, song writer he has produced and writ-ten songs for a wide variety of musicians, ranging from Hip Hop artists like KRS–1 to R&B artists like Mary J. Blige to Jazz artists like Herbie Hancock. Mr. Harris has also writ-ten the music score for the stage play I Sing 4 Luv and recently co-wrote and directed the stage play Bronx Side Story. Mr. Harris re-ceived his undergraduate degree from Old Westbury College and management certificate from Fordham University. Mr. Harris is an incredible advocate for the youth of our community, and he has made our borough a much better place because of his efforts. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. Bervin Harris for his passion for uplifting the youth in our community. ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF FAMU WOMEN’S SOFTBALL HEAD COACH, VERONICA WIGGINS HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments of FAMU Women’s Softball Head Coach, Veronica Wiggins. Coach Wiggins and her team cele-brated her 700th career victory earlier this month in the Puerto Rico Collegiate Softball Classic. Coach Wiggins reached this impressive milestone in her 26th season at Florida A&M University. With this win, Coach Wiggins is now the longest serving head coach in the school’s 100-plus year of athletic history and ranked 44th on the NCAA’s Career Coaching wins list for active coaches. Known as an in-tense competitor, master psychologist and mother hen, Coach Wiggins is a true leader in the Rattler Community. Since the beginning of her career at FAMU in 1990, Coach Wiggins has been the archi-tect of one of the more respected mid major Women’s Softball programs in NCAA Division One. She has led FAMU Softball to a 226–76 record all-time in Mid-Eastern Athletic Con-ference play, while guiding her charges into postseason play eight times. Coach Wiggins was inducted into the FAMU Sports Hall of Fame, won the MEAC Outstanding Tour-nament Coach Award eight times and is a four-time MEAC Coach of the Year. She has served with a spirit of love and patience that has carried her into victory. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the entire FAMU Rattler community, I am proud to honor Coach Wiggins. She is an inspiration to many across northern Florida both on and off the softball field. Her enthusiasm and passion for her team have not gone unnoticed. I look forward to watching FAMU Women’s Softball Team future success and I wish Coach Wiggins well as she continues to lead the mighty rattlers to victory. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI NAVY SEAMAN (SN) KATRINA RENEE GRADY 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi Navy Seaman (SN) Katrina Renee Grady who died of an intracerebral hemorrhage on April 18, 2002, during Operation Enduring Freedom. She had been onboard the USS Port Royal when she became ill. She passed away at Be-thesda Naval Medical Center, MD. SN Grady was the youngest of six children raised by her mother, Mary Grady, in Green-ville, Mississippi. She graduated from T.L. West High School in 1992. Following gradua-tion from Mississippi Valley State University in 1998, SN Grady enlisted in the U.S. Navy. It was her desire to follow in the footsteps of her grandfather who served in the military and her brother, Charles Grady, who joined the Mis-sissippi National Guard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.017 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE478 April 6, 2017 
SN Grady’s mother says Katrina was a smart girl who wanted more out of life and military service was the way to accomplish that goal. ‘‘She wanted to serve her country most of all,’’ Mary said. ‘‘She loved her work aboard ship. She was excellent.’’ Hundreds of people came to the funeral which was held at the St. Mathews Methodist Church in Greenville, including her fellow serv-ice members, school teachers, and class-mates. SN Grady’s dedication to military service and to the protection of our nation will always be remembered. 
f 
VICE PRESIDENT JOSEPH BIDEN ADDRESS AT THE PUBLIC MEMO-RIAL FOR JOHN GLENN 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the remarks of Vice President Joe Biden at a remembrance ceremony held in Columbus, Ohio on December 17, 2016 at the Mershon Auditorium (The Ohio State Univer-sity): 
When John Glenn was 10 years old, his fa-ther, his hero, a veteran of World War I, taught him how to play ‘‘Taps’’ on the bugle. They’d play together on Memorial Day in New Concord [Ohio], small flags and flowers next to gravesites—gravestones of the fallen. And John would recall that time and feeling when he said, where ‘‘Love of country was a given. Defense of its ideals was an obliga-tion.’’ And, ‘‘The opportunity to join in its [quests] and explorations was a challenge not only to fulfill a sacred duty but to join a joy-ous adventure. With John, all the years I knew him and worked with him was always a joyous adven-ture. Annie, what a joyous adventure you and John had together, on display for your chil-dren and the whole world to see. You all know it. You can tell when a cou-ple really, genuinely loves and enjoys one another. It was infectious. On behalf of President Obama and the First Lady, on behalf of the American peo-ple, Jill and I are here because we love you Annie, and we loved John. And together you taught us all how to love. That’s not something you usually talk about when you talk about heroes, especially heroes like John Glenn, who lived a life that was rigorous but tinged with just a little bit of magic. Just a little bit of magic. We talk about daring spirit, poise under pressure, mental and physical toughness, but for all his heroism that history will remem-ber in war, in space, in public life, you felt something deeper with John. Annie, on the way to get to Air Force 2, I got a call from John Kerry, who’s somewhere over the Atlantic on the way to another mis-sion in the Middle East to try to deal with Yemen. And he told me about his time he got to spend with you a couple days ago, and the family. He pointed out, he said, ‘‘Joe, you know John’s only the ninth person in history in the state of Ohio to ever lie in state. ‘‘Governor, I didn’t know that.’’ Only the ninth in history. And he talked about how much it meant to him to be with you. And he gave, spontane-ously, what I think is maybe the best de-scription of John Glenn I’ve ever heard—and I new John for 40 years. He said, ‘‘John came out of the heart of the country’’—like you kids do—‘‘and he stole America’s heart.’’ ‘‘Came out of the heart of the country and he stole America’s heart.’’ And he did: He stole America’s heart. I remember as a kid, freshman in college, John’s historic flight. And Annie, you and John and Jill and I have been friends for 40 years. I know others have longer relationships but what a wonder-ful 40 years it has been. We served in the Senate together side-by- side for 25 years, and we traveled around the world together. John was one of the happiest people I ever knew. Think about it—one of the happiest people I ever knew. He had that infectious smile. Even when things looked like everything was crashing down, John would walk into my office or walk into a caucus with that big smile on his face and I wondered, ‘‘Where in the hell has he been?’’ ‘‘Did he not just hear what I just heard?’’ (You think I’m kidding. I’m not kidding.) But the world knew, [revered], and re-spected John, from Columbus to Cambodia, from Washington to Beijing. He loved being a senator. He loved his constituents and his colleagues. He loved his staff, many of whom are here today. And, boy, did they love him back. And you could feel his love for his country and for his state and for the Marine Corps. He was kind of partial to NASA. But most especially you felt his love for you, Annie, and for Dave and Lyn, and his grandchildren. All you had to do, as I said, was see John and Annie just walk together, just the way they looked at each other, and you knew that’s what it’s supposed to be like. I said that to Annie today before we came in and she said, ‘‘Well, that’s like you and Jill.’’ I said, ‘‘No it’s different. Everybody knows I love Jill more than she loves me. I think you, [Annie], loved him just as much. The last time we were together, when Jill and I had Annie and John over to the Vice President’s residence—I was looking at the picture this morning, Annie, of you guys walking down the steps, walking out to the gate, and Jill and I behind you. And the words of the poet Christopher Marlowe lit-erally came to mind, and I had to rewrite this on the way to the plane. Christopher Marlowe said: ‘‘Come with me and be my love and all the pleasures we shall prove.’’ Well, together, Annie, you and John proved all the pleasures. You not only had a magical love affair—the other thing about you, you were partners. You were [unclear] partners. Together, you bore the way to fame and re-sponsibility and with enormous humility, and a sense of duty that defined you as the greatest of America’s greatest generation. I think John defined what it meant to be America, what it meant to be an American, what we were about—just by how he acted. Always about promise. We were a country of possibilities, opportunity. Always a belief in tomorrow. Tomorrow. When John was at the house a couple years ago it’s all he kept talking about: ‘‘What are you going do now, Joe?’’ ‘‘What are we going to do tomorrow?’’ ‘‘We have all these oppor-tunities.’’ Together, you and John taught us that a good life is built not on a single historic act—or multiple acts—of heroism, but a thousand little things; the thousand little things that build character, treating every-one with dignity and respect John was one of the few of my colleagues who would be going to the restroom where there was a shoeshine guy. John would al-ways pat him on the shoulder and give him a hug, understanding that despite fame and position everybody was John’s equal. Everybody was John’s equal—in his mind. And it all comes down to being personal. The President always kids me, Annie, be-cause I’m getting older, now. I could even try to improve on Tip O’Neill’s admonition about ‘‘all politics is local.’’ I don’t think John agreed with that either. I think, and I think he thought, all politics is personal. It’s all personal. It all comes down to being personal—to being there for family, and being there for friends, in good times and in bad times; like you and John were there for me and Jill when I was in the hospital. You were there for us when our son, Beau, was deployed and you were there when we buried him. It’s all about being personal. Annie, you and John, as was mentioned earlier by the first speaker, were with Ethel [Kennedy]. I happened to be with Ethel Ken-nedy at an awards ceremony in New York, the little ripple of hope ceremony. And, iron-ically, a fellow who runs my office, who’s a Ohio guy, said John ‘‘wasn’t doing well.’’ ‘‘You ought to call John.’’ And I had a brief discussion with Ethyl as I sat with her. And the story is well known about him talking to the kids, being sent back to Hickory Hill. But what struck me was I was told that when you and John got to Hickory Hill, John walked into Senator [Robert] Kennedy’s pri-vate study and saw that Robert Kennedy, who was the only political [uncertain] I ever had in my life, had out a book of Ralph Waldo Emerson’s poetry. And it was opened up, and in a leaf of the book, there in the margins, were comments made by Robert Kennedy. And the passage that John, I’m told, remembered was where Emerson said, ‘‘This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.’’’ The thing that I liked most about John was he knew from his upbringing that ordi-nary Americans can do extraordinary things. Ordinary Americans could do extraor-dinary things. And he believed, I believe, he was confident that every successive generation would know what to do with it. And that’s the charge I think John left us, Annie: to join our na-tion’s conquests and our nation’s explo-rations as a challenge, not only to fulfill a sacred duty, but to join in this joyous adven-ture. So when the Marine plays ‘‘Taps’’ on the bugle at Arlington for our friend, we can look deep into the heavens and know with certitude that John believed—and was right—that future generations of Americans will also look deep within the heavens and understand how to explore, how to serve, how to love; and will come to understand that if we’re looking for a message to send about our time here on earth, for what it means to be an American: It’s the life of John Glenn. And that is not hyperbole. So, God bless you, John. God bless you, Annie. And may God protect our troops. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.021 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE479 April 6, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAMDYN LEWIS, AVA DECKER, AND MOLLY DOUGHERTY FOR WIN-NING FIRST PLACE IN THE MID-DLE SCHOOL DIVISION FOR THE 2017 NATIONAL C–SPAN STUDENTCAM VIDEO CONTEST 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Camdyn Lewis, Ava Decker, and Molly Dougherty of West Scranton Inter-mediate School. These three 8th grade stu-dents, with the help of their social studies teacher Erin Mangan, came in first place in the middle school division of the 2017 National C–SPAN StudentCam Video Contest. The students’ prize-winning entry is entitled ‘‘US Gun Violence—A Complicated Puzzle.’’ The seven minute piece covers the victims, legislation, law enforcement, mental health, and socioeconomic aspects of gun violence and included interviews with leaders who work in areas related to firearm policy. Those fea-tured in the film were Nicole Hockley, whose son Dylan Hockey was a victim of the Sandy Hook shooting; U.S. Senator B
OBCASEY ; Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross, Jr.; NRA Spokesperson Catherine Mortensen; and Jeffry W. Swanson, Ph.D., Professor in Psychiatry and Behavioral Serv-ices at Duke University. The video urges Con-gress and the president to take action to re-duce the number of gun-related casualties in the country, but also calls viewers of the piece to action to prevent incidents of gun violence in their communities. It is an honor to recognize these three young women for covering such an important issue with sensitivity and tact. I congratulate them on winning the 2017 National C–SPAN StudentCam Video Contest. I applaud the fac-ulty and staff at West Scranton Intermediate School for helping these students make a suc-cessful video project. Camdyn, Ava, and Molly should be proud of the exceptional piece of journalism they produced. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER SER-GEANT (SGT) HENRY LEVON BROWN 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant (SGT) Henry Levon Brown who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice while defending our nation on April 8, 2003, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SGT Brown was assigned to Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 1st Battalion, 64th Field Artillery Regiment, Fort Stewart, Georgia. He was serving as a Colonel’s driver at the time of his death. He was mortally wounded in an enemy rocket attack in Bagh-dad. SGT Brown was born September 30, 1980, in Natchez, Mississippi. He joined the military after graduating from Natchez High School in 1999. SGT Brown held the rank of Corporal with the Army’s HHC 2nd Brigade Command Group when he lost his life. ‘‘He was very proud of what he did,’’ said Staff Sergeant James Dayton, who was Brown’s Army supervisor for a year and a half and escorted his body to Mississippi. ‘‘He was very sharp. He always stayed ahead of me.’’ ‘‘There wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do for me, and I know there wasn’t anything he wouldn’t have done for everyone in this room,’’ said his wife, Army Specialist JoDona Brown. SGT Brown was honored by Natchez Mayor F.L. Hank Smith, members of his high school class, and Adams County supervisors. More than 1,500 people attended the spirited cele-bration of the soldier’s life. Those at the fu-neral remembered Brown as a quiet, religious young man. Before joining the service, SGT Brown was a Sunday School teacher, sec-retary, and junior choir member at Greater New Bethel Baptist Church. SGT Brown is survived by his wife, SPC JoDona Brown, and his mother, Rhonda James-Brown and father, Elm Carter Brown. f 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION BANKRUPTCY ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 5, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan measure, H.R. 1667, the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2017, which was reported favorably out of the Judiciary committee to the House floor, on March 29, 2017, on a voice vote. As leaders of the Judiciary Committee with oversight of our nation’s bankruptcy laws, I am glad to see that my colleagues and I were able to work across the aisle to answer the question of how to improve the existing bank-ruptcy process for the resolution of failing fi-nancial institutions. Removing potential obstacles to an efficient bankruptcy of a financial institution, this legis-lation enhances the Bankruptcy Code and its ability to resolve financial firms for the benefit of stability in the U.S. and global economies and does so with minimal financial burdens or cost. Specifically, H.R. 1667 will allow the expedi-tious resolution of large, complex financial in-stitutions on the verge of insolvency to be bet-ter facilitated under the Bankruptcy Code by minimizing the disruptive impact of the com-pany’s collapse on the financial marketplace. First, this legislation addresses a real need, which is recognized by the regulatory agen-cies, bankruptcy experts, and the private sec-tor, that the bankruptcy law must be amended, so that it can expeditiously restore trust in the financial marketplace after the collapse of a major financial institution. Such was the case with the failure of Leh-man Brothers in 2008, for example, which caused a worldwide freeze on the availability of credit, wreaking havoc on Wall Street, as well as, on Main Street. The near collapse of our nation’s economy that resulted from Lehman’s failure revealed that current bankruptcy law is, unfortunately, ill-equipped to deal with complex financial in-stitutions that are in economic distress. This legislation, accordingly, creates a court- supervised, orderly liquidation mechanism that will be guided by the regulators. In sum, this process will allow a failing fi-nancial institution to transfer its assets to a newly-formed bridge company over a single weekend, which will promote confidence in the financial marketplace. The institution’s equity and debt will remain in the bankruptcy case to be administered by a trustee under court supervision. As a result, valued assets will be maximized for the benefit of creditors, and the market-place will stabilize. Additionally, I support the legislation be-cause it appropriately recognizes the important role that the Dodd-Frank Act has in the regula-tion of large financial institutions. Without a doubt, the Great Recession re-sulted following the regulatory equivalent of the Wild West. The Dodd-Frank Act goes a long way to-ward reinvigorating a regulatory system mak-ing the financial marketplace more account-able and hopefully more resilient. The act also institutes long-needed con-sumer protections that have, up until now, not been available. For example, Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act establishes a mandatory administratively-driv-en resolution process to wind down large fi-nancial institutions. Title II is a critical enforcement tool for bank regulators to facilitate compliance with the act’s heightened regulatory requirements for large companies. Nevertheless, the Dodd-Frank Act clearly recognizes that bankruptcy should be a first resort and that the orderly liquidation process should be a last resort. In fact, Title I of the act explicitly requires these companies to write so-called ‘‘living wills’’ explaining how they will resolve their fi-nancial difficulties hypothetically, in the event of a bankruptcy scenario. This is because bankruptcy law has, for more than 100 years, enabled some of the na-tion’s largest companies to regain their finan-cial footing. H.R. 1667 will ensure that bankruptcy is a truly viable alternative to the Dodd-Frank Act’s resolution process. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to note that this legislation is the product of a very collabo-rative, bipartisan, and deliberate process, which should be the norm, not the exception, when it comes to drafting legislation. For example, this bill, unlike similar legisla-tion that has come through the Senate, does not include any controversial provisions aimed at undoing the important protections of the Dodd-Frank Act. I should also note, however, that H.R. 1667 does not include any provision allowing com-panies to have access to lenders of last re-sort. Nearly every expert recognizes that such access, even if it is by the federal government, is a necessary element to ensure financial sta-bility. I urge my colleagues to support this meas-ure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.024 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE480 April 6, 2017 
NATIONAL LAWN CARE MONTH 
HON. ANDY HARRIS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to recognize April as National Lawn Care Month. The landscape in-dustry employs nearly 1 million workers and contributes annual revenue of $78 billion to our nation’s economy. From the National Mall to an opening day outfield and even in our own front and back yards, images of beautiful lawns are often iconic depictions of American culture and the American dream. As we recognize these images, we must also recognize the work that goes into the up-keep of such lawns. Landscape and lawn care professionals play a vital role in ensuring that lawns are not only maintained but also healthy as healthy grass and turf deliver essential benefits to families, communities, and the en-vironment. Healthy lawns offer protection against dis-ease carrying insects. They provide oxygen, protect our waterways, and clean the air. They are the backdrop for important life memories such as first steps, athletic accomplishments, and gatherings for friends and families. Healthy lawns are important parts of our com-munities. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, due to unforeseen delays on April 5, 2017, I was not present on the House Floor for the first vote of the day. Had I been present, I would have voted nay on Roll Call No. 217, the Motion on ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 1219. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF RIBAULT HIGH SCHOOL GIRL’S BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Ribault High School Girls’ Basketball Team. The Lady Trojans won their 11th state championship title with a 60– 37 win over Orlando Bishop Moore in the Class 5A championship game. Under the lead-ership and guidance of Head Coach Shelia Seymore-Pennick, the Lady Trojans are truly a force to be reckoned with. The Lady Trojans Basketball team is no stranger to winning. With a nearly perfect record for the season, with only a three-point loss, they make residents of Florida’s Fifth Congressional District proud. As a former basketball player, I am excited to witness the success of such hardworking and dedicated young women. They are the true definition of a team and show these quali-ties both on and off the basketball court. I look forward to watching their future suc-cess in both their academic and athletic pur-suits and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the Lady Tro-jans Girls’ Basketball Team and Coach Shelia Seymore-Pennick on a job well done. f 
HAPPY 100TH ANNIVERSARY SUL ROSS STATE UNIVERSITY 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 100th Anniversary of Sul Ross State University, a premiere public institution dedicated to higher education- nestled in the foothills of West Texas. On April 4, 1917, Governor James E. Fer-guson signed a bill, passed by the 35th Texas Legislature, establishing Sul Ross Normal Col-lege. Over the past century, Sul Ross has de-veloped into the cultural and educational epi-center for Alpine and the surrounding areas, offering 25 undergraduate and 22 graduate degree programs administered by a tremen-dous faculty. Situated in a unique geographic location, Sul Ross offers unparalleled learning experiences in some of Texas’ most scenic re-gions, including Big Bend National Park, Fort Davis State Park, the Rio Grande, and the Guadalupe Mountains. Today I applaud the 29,000 graduates and countless faculty and staff members who have helped shape Sul Ross State University into the institution it is today. The positive impact of this university resonates across Texas’ 23rd Congressional District. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) CASEY MICHAEL L
AWARE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Army Spe-cialist (SPC) Casey Michael LaWare who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our na-tion on April 9, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. SPC LaWare was severely burned in a guard tower fire in Al Mahmudiyah, Iraq and passed away at the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Ger-many. SPC LaWare was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin, California. LaWare enlisted in the Army prior to graduating from Enterprise High School in 2004. He was trained as a sharp-shooter and deployed to the Mosul region in northern Iraq as part of the buildup of U.S. forces for the Iraqi election. SPC LaWare’s mother, Kathy Grace, said her son was proud to serve America and the Army is what he really wanted to do with his life. In a Los Angeles Times news article, fam-ily members said SPC LaWare wanted to serve our nation. ‘‘He wanted to be in the Army. He wanted to serve his country,’’ said cousin, Kendall Grace, of Redding, California. ‘‘The hands-on activities from the Army ap-pealed to him,’’ his uncle, Dick Grace, said. ‘‘He was challenging himself.’’ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement when he heard about SPC LaWare’s death. ‘‘Serving in the armed forces is a noble call-ing with grave risks. SPC LaWare bravely as-sumed those risks and we honor his courage and commitment to our country.’’ SPC LaWare honored his family in great service to our nation. His sacrifice will not be forgotten. f 
NATIONAL RETIREMENT PLANNING WEEK 
HON. DON BACON 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the more than 48 million Ameri-cans who have currently reached retirement age. Shockingly, a significant number of Amer-icans have saved nothing for their retirement. While retirement is often viewed as an issue for older Americans, today’s economic realities mean that saving for retirement needs to start earlier than ever before. With rising healthcare costs, longer life spans, a burdensome tax code, and a reduction of pension offerings, more Americans than ever before are shoul-dering the burden of financing retirement en-tirely by themselves. The first week of April has annually been proclaimed as National Retirement Planning Week. Under the leadership of the National Retirement Planning Coalition, we are all being urged to rethink what we believe we know about retirement planning. Despite de-veloping trends, the National Retirement Plan-ning Coalition hopes to help guide all Ameri-cans towards securing a dignified retirement through holistic planning. Mr. Speaker, there are steps we all can take to achieve financial independence in our re-tirement years. We now have the opportunity to renew the national conversation on the im-portance of preparing and protecting retire-ment. I encourage my colleagues to support legislation which will help their constituents prepare for a dignified retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID POMERANTZ 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to David Pomerantz, the retiring Demo-cratic Staff Director of the House Appropria-tions Committee, who reflects the best of pub-lic service and the institution of Congress. The Appropriations Committee has histori-cally been a body more interested in sub-stance and policy than politics. Democrats and Republicans fight strongly for what we believe in, and at the end of the day, we try to work together to produce good legislation that funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.027 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE481 April 6, 2017 
important services and investments, helps Members of Congress address local chal-lenges, and provides sound guidance to fed-eral agencies as they administer federal law, But Members of the Appropriations Com-mittee could not accomplish any of these goals if not for the hard work and support of dedicated staff, like David. His retirement is bittersweet. Since 2011, David has led our House Democratic staff and supported the Members of our Committee with wisdom, calm, and occasionally boisterous laughter. David and I have had more emer-gency meetings, late night conference calls, and strategy sessions than either of us care to remember. His steady hand has been an asset during some of the most contentious funding debates with which the federal govern-ment has ever had to grapple. While we already miss his depth of knowl-edge, expertise, and good humor, we are de-lighted for him to begin this new chapter in his life. Having grown up on the West Coast, the son of a successful professional in the enter-tainment industry, David’s return to his family’s roots on the East Coast and his pursuit of a long career in federal service may have seemed counterintuitive. Prior to his distin-guished career on Capitol Hill, Dr. Pomerantz was an Assistant Professor of Political Philos-ophy at SUNY Stony Brook. He began his service to the U.S. House of Representatives with the Democratic staff of the Rules Com-mittee in 1983. He joined the Appropriations Committee in 2001, where he served as Pro-fessional Staff, Clerk of the Commerce, Jus-tice, State Subcommittee, and Director of the nonpartisan Surveys & Investigations staff under Chairman and Ranking Member David Obey and finally as Democratic Staff Director for Ranking Member Norm Dicks and myself. David reflects the best of this institution. He served the Appropriations Committee, the Rules Committee, and the U.S. Congress with integrity and skill. His time and talents were essential in solving some of the greatest chal-lenges before the Congress, particularly in re-cent years when we faced government shut-downs and gridlock over appropriations and budget matters. In addition to his expertise of agency and program budgets, his knowledge of parliamentary process is unparalleled. His vast institutional knowledge of the House is second to none, and he will be sorely missed. Members of the Committee, staff, and the full Democratic caucus are deeply indebted for his tireless service and dedication. It is a testament to David’s leadership that our Committee remains so well prepared to address the great challenges we face, and his lasting imprint will be an unyielding commit-ment to fighting for Democratic ideals and an excellent staff who will carry forward his leg-acy. I wish David the best as he begins this new and exciting chapter in his life. 
f 
GOLD STAR FAMILIES 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and thank College of the Ozarks in Branson, Missouri, for their dedication to hon-oring Gold Star Families in Missouri by build-ing Missouri’s first memorial dedicated to those individual families. A Gold Star family is one that has lost a loved one in military service. The Gold Star memorial on College of the Ozarks campus will honor Gold Star Families of Missouri. This memorial preserves the memory of the fallen and stands as a stark re-minder that freedom is not free. College of the Ozarks feels that it is their duty to honor all who have paid the ultimate sacrifice. Building this memorial is the college’s way of honoring those families that sacrificed everything in the name of freedom. I urge my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing College of the Ozarks on their out-standing dedication to this country by honoring Missouri’s Gold Star Families. f 
DEATH OF SECRETARY WILLIAM T. COLEMAN 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of a civil rights champion: Secretary Wil-liam T. Coleman. I had the privilege to know while working as a congressional staffer for another civil rights hero, Congressman Ron Dellums. Secretary Coleman served this country with character and conviction. He served in World War II and graduated first in his 1946 Harvard Law School Class. He also broke through racial barriers to be-come the first African American Supreme Court Clerk and the second African-American in U.S. history to lead a Cabinet-level depart-ment. Secretary Coleman believed deeply in the Constitution and fought to defend civil rights at all costs. It was his commitment to that belief that led Thurgood Marshall to recruit Secretary Cole-man to coauthor the legal brief in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954. I was honored to work in a bipartisan fash-ion alongside Secretary Coleman’s Special Assistant, Elaine Jones during his tenure as Secretary of Transportation in the Ford Admin-istration. Together we were able to include language on affirmative action in the Airport and Airway Development Act. Secretary Coleman’s determination in the face of discrimination has served as an inspi-ration for me throughout my career. My thoughts and prayers are with Bill’s wife and family during this trying time. I am confident that his legacy will live on through the lives of those he touched. May his soul rest in peace. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ALENE OWENS 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after four decades of service on the Downhome Gospel radio show on KMVL and two decades as the show’s primary host, Alene Owens signed off Madisonville’s airwaves on Sunday, April 2, 2017. Although she was born 84 years ago in Nacogdoches, Texas, Miss Alene and her family settled in Madisonville in 1976 where she began working as an assistant radio co- host. Never did she think she would host the Sunday morning gospel hour, but that is just what happened. After the host moved away, KMVL owner Leon Hunt asked Miss Alene to take over. Miss Alene says she didn’t know much about the radio business or hosting a radio show back then, but she dove right in and started sharing her love of the Lord to all who tuned in. She cherishes the listeners and sup-porters of her show and considers herself blessed to share God’s glory over the radio. As a busy member of Lakeview Missionary Baptist Church, Miss Alene has more praise for the Lord than ever. She is Superintendent of her Sunday School Class and a member of a prayer band that meets four times a week— all while striving to get even more involved in her Women’s Bible Class. As if her calling wasn’t enough, Miss Alene is excited about having more time to enjoy her nine great-grandchildren. While she feels the Lord moving her in a new direction, she re-mains thankful for her faithful listeners, station owner Leon Hunt, the KMVL family, and espe-cially her Heavenly Father for ‘‘the strength to continue on this long.’’ She is confident that the next Downhome Gospel host will take the program she has loved for four decades to ‘‘another level in the name of Jesus.’’ As she embarks on her next adventure, it is my honor to recognize Miss Alene and thank her for her many years of faithful service. f 
HONORING GIVE EVERY CHILD A CHANCE CEO CAROL DAVIS 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to honor Carol Davis for her long commitment to the future of our youth and her belief in the power of education to improve our commu-nities. Over the last 17 years, Carol Davis’ leadership has been instrumental to the aca-demic success of thousands of struggling stu-dents in my district. Ms. Davis turned her lifelong passion for helping children into reality when she became the CEO of Give Every Child A Chance 17 years ago. At that time Give Every Child A Chance (GECAC) was tutoring 125 students within the Manteca Unified School District and had 50 volunteer tutors. In her first year as CEO, Ms. Davis expanded Give Every Child A Chance to provide tutoring assistance to 325 students in need. 17 years later, Give Every Child A Chance reaches more than 4,500 stu-dents in 49 schools with more than 400 men-tors and tutors. Carol Davis’ outstanding lead-ership and vision has helped make Give Every Child A Chance the San Joaquin region’s leading non-profit afterschool program and has greatly improved the lives of thousands of chil-dren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.033 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE482 April 6, 2017 
Carol Davis recently retired as CEO of GECAC. She is a highly respected and inspir-ing public servant of San Joaquin County. I wish Ms. Davis and her family well and thank her for her years of dedicated service to the students and families associated with Give Every Child a Chance. 
f 
HONORING THE GAY AND LESBIAN ACTIVIST ALLIANCE OF WASH-INGTON, D.C. 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the 46th anniversary of the Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance of Washington, D.C. (GLAA), a revered organization that has long been a leader in the struggle for equal rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning (LGBTQ) com-munity. Since its founding in April 1971, GLAA has been a respected and tireless advocate not only for LGBTQ rights, but also for full and equal rights for the District of Columbia, and has been at the forefront of efforts to strength-en enforcement of the landmark D.C. Human Rights Act of 1977. One of GLAA’s most sig-nificant achievements, on which it worked with coalition partners, D.C. elected officials, and District residents, was the enactment of the D.C. Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Equality Amendment Act, which allowed same-sex couples to marry in the District. GLAA also has been an outspoken advo-cate for LGBTQ youth and seniors; has stood up for the rights of LGBTQ consumers; has upheld the rights of transgender people, in-cluding equal treatment by police and access to culturally competent healthcare; has edu-cated and rated local candidates on LGBTQ issues; and has built and nurtured coalitions with other constituencies to advance these causes and defend the District’s autonomy. At GLAA’s 46th anniversary reception on April 20, 2017, the following recipients of its 2017 Distinguished Service Awards will be recognized: Jose´Gutierrez is an activist, historian, poet and leather enthusiast who resides in Wash-ington D.C. and is originally from Reynosa, Mexico. His family immigrated to Atlanta, GA in the mid-1980s, where he launched his ad-vocacy career working for AID Atlanta and co- founding Latinos en Accio´n, a Latino LGBTQ organization. Jose´is recognized for his work on human rights and AIDS advocacy both lo-cally and nationally. In 2000, he founded the Latino GLBT History Project, the oldest D.C. Latino LGBTQ organization and most recently co-founded the Rainbow History Project, DiCcio´n Queer and the Latino Leather. In 2007, Jose´organized the first D.C. Latino Pride. Currently, Jose´is pursuing his B.S. in psychology at the University Ana G. Mendez, and works at the Department of Homeland Se-curity in the District. Jose´is an active member of the D.C. Latino Caucus, LULAC LAMBDA, the OutWrite and the Latinx LGBTQ D.C. Cen-ter. Reverend Cedric A. Harmon is a native Mid-westerner with Southern and New England in-fluences—a surprise last child to older parents who shared with him the gift of experience and wisdom. He has a B.S. in media manage-ment from Emerson College, and has com-pleted extensive graduate work at Wesley Seminary. Cedric’s deep faith calls him to do the work of justice and equality and to equip others to do the same. He is also known for his writing and television appearances—again on human rights and social justice—and serves on several boards having to do with sexuality and religion. He served as pastor of a ‘‘radically inclusive’’ congregation in the Dis-trict, and is currently Executive Director of Many Voices—a new nonprofit creating a Black Church movement for gay and transgender justice. Mara Keisling is the Executive Director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, the nation’s leading social justice advocacy or-ganization winning life-saving change for transgender people. Since founding NCTE in 2003, Mara has led organizational and coali-tion efforts that have won significant advances in transgender equality, including the inclusion of gender identity in the Employment Non-Dis-crimination Act, the first-ever congressional hearing on transgender issues, and countless federal administrative and state-level wins. As one of the nation’s leading voices for transgender equality, Mara is regularly quoted in national and local print media and has ap-peared on major television networks. She was part of the first all-transgender television inter-view on Melissa Harris-Perry’s show in 2012. Mara holds a B.A. from Pennsylvania State University, and did her graduate work in Amer-ican Government at Harvard University. Reverend Barry W. Lynn is the retiring Ex-ecutive Director of Americans United for Sepa-ration of Church and State (AU) after serving in that capacity for the last 25 years. GLAA has worked very productively with Rev. Lynn and his highly capable and efficient staff at AU in resisting the federally imposed school voucher program in D.C. These private schools are not accountable to D.C.’s elected officials and their students, staffs, and teach-ers may lack the protections of the D.C. Human Rights Act. We are also honoring Rev. Lynn for aggressively defending the civil rights of the LGBTQ community on a host of national issues. He has long championed marriage equality, fought against ‘‘bathroom bills’’ that demonize transgender men and women and legislative attempts to gut local and national civil rights protections in the guise of ‘‘religious freedom.’’ The AU has, with Rev. Lynn’s direc-tion, filed numerous amicus briefs in cases di-rectly affecting the LGBTQ community. Few if any other activists have been more outspoken than Rev. Lynn in integrating the interests of the LGBTQ community with the whole range of church-state separation issues. I ask the House to join me in honoring the recipients of GLAA’s 2017 Distinguished Serv-ice Award and in celebrating GLAA’s 46 years of contributions to the LGBTQ community in the District of Columbia. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE STAFF SERGEANT (SSG) JASON AARON ROGERS HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Marine Staff Ser-geant (SSG) Jason Aaron Rogers who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great nation on April 7, 2011. SSG Rogers was killed in Northern Helmand Province, Afghani-stan when an improvised explosive device det-onated while he was clearing a path for wounded marines in a live mine field during combat operations. He was assigned to the 2nd Combat Engineer Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force out of Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. SSG Rogers was born on April 9, 1982, in Jackson, MS. He graduated from Brandon High School in 2000. Shortly after September 11, 2001, SSG Rogers joined the Marine Corps, where he served eight years. He was deployed on six overseas assignments, five of which were combat deployments in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was 28 years old at the time of his death. SSG Rogers’ mother, Jenny Smith, recently said, ‘‘I’m extremely proud. He was proud to serve our country. He had a calling to offer his life for friends and family. He loved America. Every year, we hold the Annual Running for Jason 5K Run/Walk in Brandon to honor his service.’’ Mayor Tim Coulter of Brandon, Mississippi said, ‘‘We are saddened by the death of one of our hometown heroes, Jason Rogers, a brave man of character. He will be missed by our city and our hearts and prayers are with his family at this time.’’ Brandon Winfield, a childhood friend of SSG Rogers said, ‘‘The loss of Jason Rogers is going to make this world an emptier and lonelier and colder place. I could write a War and Peace sized story of the kind of person he was. Some people have it; the room just seemed to be dizzier and brighter with him in it.’’ SSG Rogers is survived by wife Angela Rita Marie Rogers. He is also survived by his par-ents, Jennifer and William Smith, and Liz and Tracy Aaron Rogers. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHRISTOPHER L’HEUREUX 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Lieutenant Colonel Christopher L’Heureux of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation. Colonel L’Heureux will soon transition from his current assignment as an Army Congressional Liaison in the House of Representatives to serve as the Commander of 2d Squadron, 2d Cavalry Regiment. The unit is currently lead-ing a multinational battle group in Poland de-terring adversaries and reassuring allies of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.037 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE483 April 6, 2017 
America’s continued commitment to the re-gion. A native of Woonsocket, Rhode Island, Colonel L’Heureux began his military career as an enlisted infantryman in the Rhode Island Army National Guard. He was commissioned in 1999 through the Providence College Army ROTC Program and subsequently assigned to a tank battalion in Germany. While in Ger-many, he deployed twice to Kosovo and again to Iraq as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Since then, Colonel L’Heureux has served in multiple leadership and staff positions in com-bat units, including two additional deployments to Iraq and one to Afghanistan. In 2015, Colonel L’Heureux was selected to serve as a Congressional Liaison in the United States Army House Liaison Division. As the primary liaison between Members of the House of Representatives and the Army, Colo-nel L’Heureux has provided insight and a deep understanding of Army policies, actions, oper-ations, and requirements. His first-hand knowl-edge of the military, its culture, and traditions has been of tremendous benefit to Congres-sional offices. Chris was especially effective in his service to Members and staff as he es-corted them on fact-finding and oversight dele-gations within the United States and to mul-tiple countries in South America, Europe, and the Middle East. I have had the privilege to travel with Colonel L’Heureux on several occa-sions, including to Israel and to various mili-tary exercises in the United States, and I found him to be a thoughtful, intelligent, and dedicated Soldier in the best traditions of America’s Armed Forces and the men and women called to serve from the great state of Rhode Island. Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to work with Colonel L’Heureux during his time as an Army Congressional Liaison Officer in the House of Representatives. On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Lieutenant Colonel Christopher L’Heureux, his wife, Danielle, and their children, Ella and Jonathan. I wish them the very best as they continue their journey in the United States Army and thank them for dedicating their lives to the service of our Nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHANIE N. MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on April 4, 2017, I was unavoidably absent from the House chamber due to a family medical emergency. Due to these unforeseen cir-cumstances, I was unable to vote on six legis-lative measures on the floor. Had I been present and voting, I would have voted as follows: 1) Nay on Roll Call No. 211: H. Res. 241, On Order the Previous Question, Providing for consideration of H.R. 1304, the Self-Insurance Protection Act 2) Nay on Roll Call No. 212, H. Res. 241, On Agreeing to the Resolution, Providing for consideration of H.R. 1304, the Self-Insurance Protection Act 3) Nay on Roll Call No. 213, H. Res. 240, On Ordering the Previous Question, Providing for consideration of H.R. 1343, the Encour-aging Employee Ownership Act of 2017 4) Nay on Roll Call No. 214, H. Res. 240, On Agreeing to the Resolution, Providing for consideration of H.R. 1343, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2017 5) Aye on Roll Call No. 215, H.R. 1343, On Motion to Recommit with Instructions, the En-couraging Employee Ownership Act of 2017 6) Aye on Roll Call No. 216, H.R. 1343, On Passage, the Encouraging Employee Owner-ship Act of 2017 f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALLISON LOUISE ROSA 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Ms. Allison Louise Rosa for her service to my office and the people of California’s 21st Congressional District. Ms. Rosa was born May 14, 1994 in Han-ford, California where she grew up on her family’s dairy farm with her parents, Roland and Karen, her sister Emily, and her brother Jack. Growing up, Allison was very active in the dairy community; she was even crowned the First Alternate Dairy Princess for Kings County, California in 2012. After graduating from Mt. Whitney High School in Visalia, California, Ms. Rosa went on to attend College of the Sequoias and Holy Names University. She graduated in 2016 from Fresno Pacific University with a degree in Communications. While in college, Allison was an avid tennis player and an NCAA division II athlete. Allison joined my team as Scheduler in my Washington, D.C. office in May 2016. As Scheduler, she was instrumental to my team through managing my daily schedule and helping her coworkers with daily tasks to make the office run more smoothly. While on my team, Allison was greatly respected by her peers for her professionalism, dedication to her work, and sense of humor. Outside of work, Allison enjoys spending time with her friends and talking to her family back in California. She is currently looking for-ward to moving back home to California to be closer to her family and the coast. Ms. Rosa’s time with my office will come to a close April 7, 2017 when she leaves to begin a new career at Epoch Estate Wines in Templeton, California. Knowing Ms. Rosa, her character, and her work ethic, I have no doubt that she will achieve many great things in her future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Ms. Allison Louise Rosa for her public service to the people of the Central Valley and wishing her well as she embarks on the next chapter of her life. JEANNETTE RANKIN AND 100 YEARS OF WOMEN IN CONGRESS SPEECH OF  
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 5, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor former Congresswoman Jeannette Rankin, who deserves a special place in American History. When I first came to the House of Rep-resentatives, I was one of just 24 women serv-ing in Congress. Although a small cohort, this was made possible by Ms. Rankin, who was the first woman elected to Congress, 100 years ago. Congresswoman Rankin was a part of the suffragist movement, even opening congres-sional debate on a Constitutional amendment to grant universal suffrage. She brought this same passion to her work in social welfare, advocating on behalf of women and children. Today we have seen our ranks swell to 104 members of Congress. Research has shown that when women participate in government, it is more collaborative and more functional. Congresswoman Jeannette Rankin was a trailblazer who shattered glass ceilings and proved to the American people that women’s contributions are valuable and they are de-serving of positions of power. For her tireless efforts, I worked to have a portrait commis-sioned in 2010, to fortify our institution’s rich art history, paving a new way of democracy. I know she would be proud to see the progress we have made, and prouder still of the indomitable spirit of American women, who continue to make their voices heard. 
f 
RECOGNIZING APRIL 3–7, 2017 AS NATIONAL RETIREMENT PLAN-NING WEEK 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April 3–7 as National Re-tirement Planning Week. Saving for retirement is one of the most im-portant steps that Americans can take to build a better future for themselves and their fami-lies. Unfortunately, all too often, saving for re-tirement remains a distant goal that is put off in exchange for more immediate needs. The Government Accountability Office reports that 29 percent of Americans aged 55 and older have no retirement savings, and no traditional pension. With this in mind, it must be a na-tional priority for us to communicate the impor-tance of retirement planning. By encouraging more Americans to adequately prepare for their retirement years, we can significantly en-hance retirement security in the United States. Recognizing this week as National Retire-ment Planning Week is an important step to help raise awareness of this need, and I com-mend the members of the National Retirement Planning Coalition for their efforts to educate Americans about the importance of retirement planning. I wish them all the best as they con-tinue this valued campaign. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.040 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE484 April 6, 2017 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF RICH RIMKUNAS 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Rich Rimkunas congratulations for his many long years of service to Congress. Rich Rimkunas has had a career filled with out-standing achievement at the Congressional Research Service. After nearly 37 years of service, Rich will be retiring from CRS on Fri-day, April 28th. When Rich joined CRS in 1980, he was an analyst working on a broad array of social pol-icy issues. Initially, he worked on such issues as child nutrition, poverty, social security, so-cial services for the aged, and unemployment insurance. Rich co-created and co-authored a widely circulated CRS report on federal social welfare spending. He was also a co-author and contributor to several chapters in the House Ways and Means Committee print Chil-dren in Poverty, which provided a detailed look at the incidence and characteristics of child poverty in the United States. Rich ultimately became heavily involved in providing research and analytical support to the Congress on many health policy issues, including analyses of aggregate national health expenditures, the Medicare hospital prospective payment system, the Medicare Advantage program, and Medicare cata-strophic drug costs. Additionally, he has worked on numerous issues related to Med-icaid. He both directed a team of CRS ana-lysts as well as contributed his own analysis to the Medicaid ‘‘Yellow Book,’’ a 1988 House Ways and Means Committee print that pro-vided a comprehensive analysis of the Med-icaid program as it existed at the time. Rich also managed the 1993 update of the ‘‘Yellow Book.’’ Rich’s analyses have typically involved quantitative research methodologies, modeling techniques, and the use of complex data-bases. Rich has excelled at developing ap-proaches for simulating the effects of potential changes to federal benefits and grant alloca-tion formulas. In addition to the direct impact his research and analytical work has had on federal poli-cies, Rich has made equally important con-tributions within CRS in managerial roles. Dur-ing his tenure at CRS, he has served as Sec-tion Research Manager (SRM) of the Method-ology Section, the Research Development Section, the Research Development and In-come Support Section, and the Health Insur-ance and Financing Section. During his tenure as an SRM, Rich helped manage CRS work on the 1996 welfare reform law and the 2003 overhaul of Medicare in the Medicare Pre-scription Drug, Improvement, and Moderniza-tion Act. Rich helped manage an inter-discipli-nary team numbering about 3 dozen CRS an-alysts that provided legislative support during the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Throughout his career, Rich has served as a role model for the highest level of CRS serv-ice to Congress, upholding the Service’s standards of authoritativeness, objectivity and confidentiality. He is known within CRS for his attention to detail, methodological strength, and creative approaches toward conducting analyses. His input is sought on a great many research efforts spanning virtually all of the major domestic social policy issue areas that Congress deals with. Rich is renowned for his tremendous work ethic and energizing presence. Those who have worked closely with him appreciate his ability to keep his sense of humor even during the most stressful times. In recent years, Rich has served as the Deputy Assistant Director of CRS’s Domestic Social Policy Division. In that role he has mentored and helped develop many of the di-vision’s managers, analysts and research as-sistants. He has also played a central role in reviewing written work produced by the divi-sion, helping to ensure its accuracy, complete-ness and quality. Moreover, in his work as a division manager, Rich has served on numer-ous advisory panels that have recommended organizational practices and policies for CRS, many of which have been adopted. Rich’s policy expertise has been broadly recognized. He is regularly sought for his ex-pertise at professional meetings and con-ferences. He was nominated to the National Academy of Social Insurance in 2002 and has served on the steering committee of the Na-tional Health Forum. He has also been recog-nized with numerous Library of Congress Spe-cial Achievement Awards. Rich has devoted nearly his entire distin-guished professional career to supporting the work of the Congress and to helping build and strengthen CRS and forward its mission. Con-gratulations to him, and I wish him many long and happy years in retirement. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE WORLD WAR I CENTENNIAL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember twelve brave soldiers from Crockett and Port Costa, California who paid the ultimate price to de-fend our nation. This week marks the 100th Anniversary of the United States Entry into World War I. The Crockett Memorial in my district reads: ‘‘In loving memory of the men of this commu-nity who gave their lives in the great war. D. Crowley, G.M. Lee, W.E. Dunn, O.A. Sweet, M.H. Sievers, F. Remaini, B.L. Catelini, C.W. Ross, J.R. Carroll, R.L. Dingman, V.L. Dunn, B.A. Secor.’’ These soldiers, their families, and our community sacrificed to serve our nation. We are forever in their debt. I would like to honor and thank the mem-bers of the Crockett Memorial Hall Restoration Committee, including Harvey Duran, Kent Peterson, Mike Kirker, Ron Wilson, Bud Burlison, Scott Lawton and Charles Dell, as well as the members of the Crockett Historical Society, including Mary Wais, Kathy Cargo and Erin Mullen-Brosnan for organizing a com-memoration for this anniversary and for sup-porting numerous events for veterans in our community. These individuals and their organizations bring our community together and encourage us to remember the sacrifices of those who came before us, as well as the heroes who still live among us. They are passionate advo-cates for our veterans and our history, and they are responsible for organizing the Phillips 66 Annual Crocket Walk of Honor for Vet-erans, fundraising events for the restoration of the WWI Memorial Hall, the Memorial Day Concert and the Veterans’ Day Parade. Mr. Speaker, we are forever grateful and humbled by the lives that were given for us all those years ago. We owe tremendous grati-tude to the Crockett Memorial Hall Restoration Committee and the Crockett Historical Society for their service. It is therefore fitting and prop-er that we honor them here today. f 
HONORING PFC ROBERT LIEBRICH 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is my sol-emn privilege to recognize the late World War II veteran Private First Class (PFC) Robert Liebrich of Rhode Island. Tomorrow, it will be my honor to present Carol Liebrich, his widow, a Purple Heart with Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster for PFC Liebrich’s meritorious service with the Army after being shot in the arm during an en-gagement with opposing forces. This is the second Purple Heart for PFC Liebrich, who was first injured after being shot in the abdo-men in events leading up to the Battle of the Bulge, which began in December 1944. He was only 18 years old when he sustained both injuries. We owe our Soldiers who fought in World War II an enormous debt of gratitude, and PFC Liebrich is no exception. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank PFC Liebrich and his widow, Carol, for dedicating their lives to the service of our Nation and for defending hu-manity and human dignity during one of our world’s most pressing crises. It will be a great and humbling honor to present this award to Mrs. Liebrich for her husband’s heroism. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. LOLIS EDWARD ELIE 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Lolis Ed-ward Elie, a prominent New Orleans, Lou-isiana civil rights lawyer, who passed away on April 4, 2017 at the age of 89. Mr. Elie was born on February 9, 1928 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He attended Gilbert Academy, a Methodist high school. After high school he did a six-month stint as a merchant seaman and wound up in New York City, where he was impressed by the music clubs and the Apollo Theater. To support himself, Mr. Elie did menial work such as shining shoes and delivering stationery. When the Korean conflict broke out, Mr. Elie was drafted into the Army and sent to Cali-fornia, where he was trained as a clerk. After-ward, he attended Howard University, and then transferred home to Dillard University, where he helped to organize a sizable student 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.045 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE485 April 6, 2017 
chapter of the NAACP. It was suspended in 1956 after the Legislature required civil rights groups to publicly reveal their membership lists, putting members at risk. In 1959, Mr. Elie received his law degree from Loyola University Law School, got an of-fice on Dryades Street and opened what be-came the legendary firm of Collins, Douglas & Elie with Loyola Nils Douglas and Robert Collin. In 1960, Mr. Elie and his colleagues rep-resented the New Orleans chapter of the Con-gress of Racial Equality (CORE) following a sit-in campaign. The case, centered on CORE chapter President Mr. Rudy Lombard and three others who were arrested for staging a sit-in protest, paved the way for a watershed decision that redefined racial justice in Amer-ica. They appealed the case all the way to the United States Supreme Court which, in its de-cision, declared the city’s ban on sit-ins un-constitutional. Later in his career, Mr. Elie was one of seven supporters of the Freedom Riders who met with Attorney General Robert Kennedy, when Kennedy encouraged them to register black Southerners to vote to increase their po-litical power. He also represented the ‘Dea-cons for Defense and Justice’ in their negotia-tions with the Governor’s office and Bogalusa City Council defending their right to self-de-fense. Mr. Elie remained active in New Orleans and continued to mentor the next generation of leaders through his training program for new black lawyers. Though he is no longer with us, his influence and example will live on through the many young black men and women who continue to be inspired by his leg-acy, myself included. Mr. Elie’s survivors include his son Mr. Lolis Eric Elie, his daughter D. Migel Elizabeth Elie; three grandchildren; and three great-grand-children. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Mr. Lolis Edward Elie, a beloved husband, father, and grandfather. 
f 
HONORING BISHOP JIMMY W. GLENN, SR. 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bishop Jimmy W. Glenn, Sr. who was recently elevated to Auxiliary Bishop of Texas Northeast Forth Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Church of God in Christ. Bishop Glenn was born in 1954 to Super-intendent Emuel Robert Glenn Sr. and Mrs. Dixie Jewel Glenn. Bishop Glenn was raised in the Lake Como community of Fort Worth, where he proudly graduated from Trimble Technical High School in 1973. His legacy of ministry started at the early age of 8 when he began singing in a number of church pro-grams at Wayside Church of God in Christ. He embraced his call to service at a very young age and sang at revival services around Texas with Bishop R.E. Ranger and his father. By the time Bishop Glenn turned 21 in 1979, he was licensed to preach. The Church of God in Christ ordained Bishop Glenn as an Elder in 1981, and he served for two years under his father at the St. Paul Church of God in Christ. In 1983, he was named pastor of Gospel Lighthouse Church of God in Christ in Cleburne, Texas. Bishop Glenn served in that parish for 10 years before spending time at several churches in Fort Worth, including Gethsemane Church of God in Christ, the St. Mary Church of God in Christ, and Greater Love Chapel Church of God in Christ. Bishop Glenn has served in a number of leadership positions at the state and national level within the Church of God in Christ. He served as Chief Adjutant to the late presiding prelate of Texas Northeast First Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Church of God in Christ, Bishop James Neaul Haynes. Bishop Glenn served as a National Adjutant to Bishop Haynes as well during Haynes’ tenure as one of the 12 General Board members of the Church of God in Christ. Bishop Glenn served loyally in this capacity with Bishop Haynes for over 30 years until Haynes’ death in March of 2015. Currently, he holds the title of Vice President of the National Evangelist Depart-ment at the national level. The Church of God in Christ will honor Bishop Glenn’s lifetime of service and his ap-pointment to the post of Auxiliary Bishop of Texas Northeast Fourth Ecclesiastical Jurisdic-tion at an inaugural banquet and celebration in Fort Worth, Texas on May 5, 2017. I honor Bishop Jimmy W. Glenn, Sr.’s dec-ades of service to the Church of God in Christ. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY STAFF SERGEANT (SSG) JERRY CLARK BURGE, JUNIOR 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Staff Sergeant (SSG) Jerry Clark ‘‘Chip’’ Burge, Junior who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on April 4, 2007, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SSG Burge was mortally wounded when an improvised explosive device deto-nated near his military vehicle. SSG Burge and Corporal Joseph H. Cantrell IV, of Ash-land, Kentucky, were both killed by the blast. Prior to his death, SSG Burge received a Purple Heart for being wounded during a pre-vious deployment in Kosovo. It was during that tour that SSG Burge, a demolitions expert and engineer, was investigating a bomb in a house when it exploded. He suffered damage to his eyesight and hearing. He also received a con-cussion. At the time of his death, SSG Burge was serving his second tour of duty. SSG Burge, a Picayune native, was as-signed to the 2nd Battalion, 8th Cavalry Regi-ment, 1st Brigade Combat Team, Fort Hood, Texas. SSG Burge’s aunt, Bobbi Kenney, told a local newspaper that her nephew was a sol-dier who knew the risks associated with his job, but was willing to take the risks in order to serve his country. Picayune American history teacher Allison Wheat remembers the day of SSG Burge’s fu-neral procession. The whole student body of Picayune High School and members of the community attended in order to pay their re-spects. In memory of SSG Burge, Wheat’s students began hosting a luncheon on Vet-erans Day to honor veterans and their fami-lies. SSG Burge’s family attends the luncheon every year. What began with ten veterans has grown to more than 100 in attendance. SSG Burge will always be remembered as a tough soldier and leader, and at the same time, a great father of three. His devotion to protecting our freedoms will not be forgotten. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE PFC CHRISTOPHER DALE MABRY 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi soldier Marine Private First Class (PFC) Chris-topher Dale Mabry who paid the ultimate sac-rifice while defending our nation on April, 7, 2004, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. PFC Mabry was killed by hostile fire battling Sunni insurgents while conducting combat operations west of Baghdad in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. PFC Mabry, a Chunky native, was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 4th Marines, 1st Marine Divi-sion, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, California. PFC Mabry enlisted in the Marines the last year of high school at Clarkdale Attendance Center. While in high school, PFC Mabry excelled in track and once placed second in the 400-meter sprint at a track meet in Carthage in 2002. PFC Mabry, a high school senior defensive back, led the football team to a district championship and to the state playoffs. Football team member, Spencer Robinson, remembers Mabry’s dedi-cation. ‘‘He was the leader of the team,’’ Robinson said. ‘‘Everyone followed him. He was the hardest worker in the weight room and the most energetic athlete.’’ On the day of his funeral, 300 people at-tended the funeral at the First Baptist Church. Cars lined the streets leading to the church. An American flag was raised on the ladder of a fire truck. Clarkdale Attendance Center stu-dents were excused from class to pay their re-spects. PFC Mabry’s grandmother, Frances Mabry, will never forget the response from the community. ‘‘I’m not surprised at the turnout,’’ Mabry said. ‘‘I know he’s proud of all the people being here. I know Chris is happy about that.’’ PFC Mabry proudly served our nation. His devotion to protecting the freedoms we all enjoy will not be forgotten. 
f 
PROTECTING THE NATIONAL EN-DOWMENTS FOR THE ARTS AND HUMANITIES 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the National Endowments of the Arts and the Humanities. The Trump Ad-ministration has proposed completely defunding these two essential organizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.048 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE486 April 6, 2017 
President Trump’s budget would eliminate the NEA’s $148 million budget, the NEH’s $148 million budget—accounting for less than .03 percent of total discretionary spending. Yet the impact they make on our communities is enormous. While all fifty states would be neg-atively impacted by these cuts, rural commu-nities would be hit the hardest. According to the National Assembly of State Arts Agencies, approximately 25 percent of NEA block-grant funds go to rural communities and 54 percent to low-income areas. A nation without arts is one without an iden-tity. In the words of one of my heroes, the late Congresswoman Barbara Jordan, ‘‘The arts are not a frill. The arts are a response to our individuality and our nature, and help to shape our identity. Art has the potential to unify. It can speak in many languages without a trans-lator. The arts do not discriminate. The arts can lift us up.’’ And they do. Artists have used their mediums to process their experiences—and to share their perspec-tives with all of us. There is no more valuable gift. We must defend this funding. 
f 
HONORING JONATHAN SHUFFIELD 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an individual who has served the people of Arkansas’ Fourth Congressional Dis-trict with dedication during the last two and a half years. My legislative director, Jonathan Shuffield, has led my legislative team since I took office in January 2015, bringing with him an extensive knowledge of federal lands, for-estry, and how to navigate the legislative proc-ess in the House. Prior to serving the people of Arkansas, Jonathan worked as a legislative assistant for Congressman S
TEVE PEARCE of New Mexico beginning in January 2011 and the Congres-sional Western Caucus, where he served as executive director until December 2014. While I am disappointed to lose a valuable member of my office’s senior leadership, I know Jonathan will continue to make an im-pact on the important issues in the years ahead. I thank him for his work on behalf of the people of Arkansas and wish him well as he moves forward in his career. 
f 
COMMEMORATING 38TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 38th Anniversary of the Tai-wan Relations Act (TRA), the pillar upon which our robust friendship with Taiwan stands. The United States and Taiwan share the common interests and values of freedom, de-mocracy, rule of laws, human rights and free market. Our security commitment has helped Taiwan become one of the most free and prosperous societies in the world. The United States enjoys cooperation with Taiwan on a broad range of concerns, including security, economic cooperation and development, glob-al engagement, humanitarian relief, counter- terrorism, people-to-people exchanges—and the list goes on. It is my firm belief that a strong and prosperous Taiwan will guarantee peace and prosperity in the region. As we commemorate the 38th Anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act, it is in the na-tional interest of the United States to take de-cisive action to strengthen U.S.–Taiwan rela-tions. I also noticed that the President of the Peo-ples Republic of China, Xi Jinping is visiting the United States to visit with our President. It is my hope that the upcoming meeting is posi-tive and constructive. U.S. engagement with the PRC is important to the peace and stability of the region. We should always hope and in-sist that the U.S.–Taiwan relations, and Tai-wan’s security and interests, are not in any way compromised. Taiwan is a great friend of the United States. Taiwan is and will continue to be a friend of the United States. f 
HONORING WILLIAM T. COLEMAN 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of a civil rights champion: Secretary Wil-liam T. Coleman, who I had the privilege to know while working as a congressional staffer for another civil rights hero, Congressman Ron Dellums. Secretary Coleman served this coun-try with character and conviction. He served in World War II and graduated first in his 1946 Harvard Law School Class. He also broke through racial barriers to be-come the first African American Supreme Court Clerk and the second African-American in U.S. History to lead a Cabinet-level depart-ment. Secretary Coleman believed deeply in the Constitution and fought to defend civil rights at all costs. It was his commitment to that belief that led Thurgood Marshall to recruit Secretary Coleman to coauthor the legal brief in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954. I was honored to work in a bipartisan fashion alongside Sec-retary Coleman’s Special Assistant, Elaine Jones during his tenure as Secretary of Trans-portation in the Ford Administration. Together we were able to include language on affirmative action in the Airport and Airway Development Act. Secretary Coleman’s deter-mination in the face of discrimination has served as an inspiration for me throughout my career. My thoughts and prayers are with Bill’s wife and family during this trying time. I am con-fident that his legacy will live on through the lives of those he touched. May his soul rest in peace. HONORING THE LIFE OF SUPER-VISOR JOHN J. BENOIT AND HIS POSITIVE CONTRIBUTION TO THE LIVES OF THOUSANDS OF RESI-DENTS OF RIVERSIDE COUNTY HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Riverside County Supervisor John Be-noit who passed away on December 26, 2016 after a life of public service to the people of California and the residents of Riverside County. Throughout his career, Mr. Benoit served with duty, honor, and integrity and was an example to many across the region. Mr. Benoit began his life in public service with the Corona Police Department and then with the California Highway Patrol. Over the next 30 years, Supervisor Benoit rose through the ranks to become commander of the Indio CHP Station. Because of his dedication and tireless efforts, California’s highways and com-munities are safer. Supervisor Benoit retired from his distinguished career in law enforce-ment in 2001 to pursue elected office. Supervisor Benoit served as a board mem-ber for the Desert Sands Unified School Dis-trict in 1999. He also served as a State Sen-ator and while serving as a California Assem-blyman, Mr. Benoit drew from his dedication to bettering the lives of children as well as his re-spect for law and order to write, introduce, and advance Aryanna’s Law, Assembly Bill 617, which instituted tougher daycare safety meas-ures. As a resident of California and a father of twin girls, I personally thank him for his work in protecting our children. I am honored to have had the opportunity to work with him while he was a Riverside Coun-ty Supervisor. His dedication, respect, and love for his constituents is as an example for all who want to serve their community. I give my deepest sympathies to his wife, Sheryl, and to their two children, Ben and Sarah. 
f 
HONORING THE 2017 FAIRFAX COUNTY STUDENT PEACE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the 2017 Fairfax County Student Peace Awards. The program was founded in 2006 to en-courage high-school-aged students to think about peace as both a means and an end, and to recognize young people who work as peacemakers. The program began with one high school and expanded gradually from there. By 2013, the program was offered in every public high school in Fairfax County, as well as in three private schools. Participating high schools choose one junior or senior or one student group active in pro-moting peace and/or removing the causes of conflict. Examples of outreach include: com-mitting to peace by engaging in activities that strive to end conflict, either locally or globally, seeking to discuss or otherwise resolve poten-tially controversial issues within the school or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.052 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE487 April 6, 2017 
community, promoting the understanding of di-visive issues and situations to bridge lan-guage, ethnic, racial, religious, gender, sexual orientation, or class differences, and working to resolve conflicts among students or mem-bers of the community who feel isolated or alienated. I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD the names of this year’s Student Peace Award winners. Ethan Mirani, Cedar Lane Anti-Bullying Committee Jasmine Howard, Centreville H.S. Shaan Chudasama, Chantilly H.S. Vanessa Mae Avendano, Falls Church H.S. Sabah Munshi, Hayfield S.S. Surabhi Khanal, Herndon H.S. Naba Khan, King Abdullah Academy Shafia Talat, King Abdullah Academy Jamie Hunstad, Lake Braddock S.S. Donya Momenian, Langley H.S. Chrissie Ivanova, Langley H.S. Naomi Soquar, Robert E. Lee H.S. Sean Doyle, James Madison H.S. Aidan Kemp, George C. Marshall H.S. Josh Leong, McLean H.S. Sam Gollob, McLean H.S. Roza Al Barznji, Mountain View H.S. Yosaph Boku, Mount Vernon H.S. ‘‘Blossoming Beauties’’, Quander Road School Narjes Bencheikh, South County H.S. Emily Lockwood, South Lakes H.S. Maiss Mohamed, JEB Stuart H.S. Deema Alharthi, JEB Stuart H.S. ‘‘TJ Minds Matter’’, Thomas Jefferson H.S. ‘‘Combating Intolerance’’, West Potomac H.S. Rodney Wrice, West Springfield H.S. Audrey Weyer, West Springfield H.S. Mr. Speaker, the efforts of these young peo-ple to build a more peaceful world in their own communities are the building blocks of a more peaceful and tolerant world. I commend them on their efforts and dedication, and ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating each recipient on receiving this award. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RON FARA-DAY, 2017 SUNDAY DISPATCH PERSON OF THE YEAR 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ron Faraday, who will be hon-ored April 18 as the Greater Pittston Person of the Year. Ron is the president of the Greater Pittston Historical Society. Ron’s work with the Greater Pittston Historical Society has helped revitalize the organization’s involvement in the community. The Greater Pittston Historical Society was founded in 2000 as a repository organization so that members of the community could gath-er, donate, and preserve items of local history. Ron joined the organization in 2012. After an increase of membership and reorganization in 2013, Ron was elected president of the Soci-ety. It is headquartered at the Pittston Memo-rial Library and has 85 active members. The members diligently work to collect memorabilia and digitize newspapers, photographs, and other historical records. Under Ron’s leader-ship, the Greater Pittston Historical Society has partnered with Misericordia University to provide internships to students. The students have helped with the Society’s website design, research, and archiving materials. Ron was also instrumental in pushing for the documen-tary film ‘‘Our Town: Pittston’’ which was re-leased on February 23, 2017 by WVIA–TV. It is an honor to recognize Ron for all the great work he has done with the Greater Pittston Historical Society. I congratulate him being named the Sunday Dispatch Person of the Year. f 
HONORING NEW YORK CITY PUB-LIC ADVOCATE LETITIA (TISH) JAMES 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, this past Feb-ruary, we all celebrated Black History Month. As part of that celebration, I was honored to hold my annual Black History Month event, and to take time to recognize and pay tribute to outstanding members of the New York City community. I was proud to pay tribute to my friend, New York City Public Advocate Letitia ‘‘Tish’’ James. She has been a public servant for many years, and worked tirelessly to im-prove the lives of all New Yorkers. Ms. James is the first African-American Woman to serve as the New York City Public Advocate and the first woman of color to hold city wide office. This position is vital to New Yorkers, as she acts to ensure that New York City’s government is responsive, efficient, and promoting policies that help all New Yorkers. Her office investigates problems at city agen-cies and pushes solutions both through our court system and through the New York City Council. Since her election in 2013, Public Advocate James has worked on numerous issues impor-tant to Bronxites, including criminal justice re-form, paid family leave, and protecting tenants and affordable housing. She has helped lead the push for police accountability, including the use of body-worn cameras by the New York Police Department. She has also worked to ensure that special prosecutors are used in all cases of police misconduct. She has also worked to hold landlords ac-countable to ensure that New Yorkers have safe and affordable housing. Through the de-velopment of the ‘Worst Landlords’ list and her active legal strategy to ensure that landlords are held to account for unsafe living condi-tions, she has made a difference in the lives of many Bronxites and New Yorkers. Prior to being elected Public Advocate, Letitia James represented Brooklyn as a Mem-ber of the New York City Council from 2004 to 2013. As a City Council Member, she fought for Paid Sick Leave, and passed the Safe Housing Act, which ensured that thousands of families in rental buildings receive prompt and full repairs to their apartments. She was also an early critic on the Council of the Office of Payroll Administration’s CityTime contract, a payroll system later found to be overly costly and difficult to manage. As a result, she worked to pass legislation addressing over-sight of high-cost service contracts with the City of New York. While Chair to the Council’s Sanitation Committee, she pushed-through a revolutionary recycling package that included expanding plastic recycling, a new clothing and textile recycling program, and improved public space recycling. Public Advocate James is a graduate of CUNY’s Lehman College and Howard Univer-sity Law School. She previously served as an Assistant Attorney General, and a public de-fender. She currently resides in Brooklyn. Tish James has helped many of my con-stituents, and many residents of New York City. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Public Advocate Letitia James for her perseverance and dedication to fighting for all New Yorkers. f 
RECOGNITION OF FAMU DEVELOP-MENT RESEARCH SCHOOL BABY RATTLERS GIRLS’ BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 6, 2017 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a school in my District who was recently crowned as state champions for the third time in three years. The FAMU De-velopment Research School Baby Rattlers Girls’ Basketball Team, led by Head Coach Erika Cromartie, made history with a 46–37 win over Tampa Carrollwood in the FHSAA Class 3A state championship game. As a fel-low rattler, I am extremely proud of their hard work and dedication in achieving this goal. The baby Rattlers has had an amazing sea-son and has made Florida’s fifth Congres-sional District proud. They have represented us well. Winning a state championship is a testament to their impressive athletic ability, unselfish mentality, and determination to suc-ceed. It takes a dedicated combination of skills and many hours of practice to win a state title. They have surely earned this honor. I look for-ward to watching their future success in both their academic and athletic pursuits and wish them all the best in these future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the Baby Rat-tlers Girls’ Basketball Team on a job well done. 
f 
ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 4, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, today we con-sider another bill requested by large corpora-tions. But, I have to wonder, of all the things the American public want, why is a revision to the Securities and Exchange Commission rules—Section 701 to be precise—the priority for this week? We’ve been here for three months now. House Republicans set the agenda. They lead this governing body. Why do they keep bring-ing us bills that are the priorities of corporate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.057 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE488 April 6, 2017 
America? In the past few months, Congres-sional Republicans, who decide which bills get considered have brought forward a hodge-podge of corporate requests. Here are some of the bills that are now law: 1) Republicans passed—and the President signed—a law to protect corporate firms from having to disclose labor violations—like wage theft—before winning government contracts (H.J. Res. 37). 2) Republicans made it easier to drug test people receiving unemployment compensation (H.J. Res 42). 3) House and Senate Republicans—and the President signed—H.J. Res. 86 which allow Internet Services Providers to sell your brows-er history. 4) Republicans enacted a new law making it easier to dump coal debris near rivers and streams (H.J. Res. 38). 5) Republicans stopped efforts to help gov-ernments around the world avoid corruption. H.J. Res. 41 removed the requirement that corporations disclose resource payments to foreign governments. This is a crushing blow to democracy activists working in fragile na-tions. 6) And, a law preventing state governments from setting up retirement plans for residents who do not have a work-based plan (H.J. Res 66). So, in the three months we’ve been back, these laws, removing competition, disclosure, and consumer privacy, are the priorities of Re-publicans who set the agenda. These are all asks of corporate America— 1) don’t punish us for polluting streams, 2) let us sell your internet browser history, 3) let us make money drug testing laid off workers receiving unemployment due them and do not make us disclose our payments to foreign governments when we drill for oil or minerals. When I talk to my constituents, they don’t ask for any of these. They say, ‘‘Where’s the jobs bill?’’ My constituents say, can’t we raise the minimum wage from $7.25 an hour? They say, our roads and bridges need work. Let’s raise the gas tax a bit and invest in infrastruc-ture. They say, we want to increase our skills; let’s invest in pre-school, Pell grants and com-munity colleges. Let’s put people, not corporate wish lists— first. But, nope, today we are asked to vote on a bill that makes it easier for private companies to provide options—like stocks—rather than compensation to their employees. This bill makes it easier for firms to offload some of their options to their employees with-out disclosing financial information to them. While I’m glad to see companies reward em-ployees with stock and other compensation in addition to salaries, workers should be told the value of the compensation they receive. Not some IOU that they cannot cash in any time soon. With this bill, H.R. 1343, it is possible that employees would be promised stock options which could be worth less than promised, or even, completely worthless. So, employees could decide to forego a salary increase—or accept lower pay—in order to receive more stock options, yet, those stock options could be worth way less than expected. And the market to sell them could be non-existent. Why should employees receive less infor-mation than that of any other minority share-holder? Employees should be able to receive information on the financial position of the company so they can make an educated deci-sion about whether to invest in securities. If an employee is trusted enough to run the day-to-day aspects of the business, they should be trusted enough to receive full disclo-sure about the company’s financials. It’s not difficult to allow participating employees to sign non-disclosure agreements. It can’t be because these disclosures are an additional burden on the firm. These companies pre-pared these types of disclosures to receive the Rule 701 Exemption from the SEC in the first place. I’m also concerned about the mismatch in power between the corporations and their em-ployees. I am very concerned that employees can be more susceptible to pressure to take options instead of salary increases. For exam-ple, we could ask George Maddox. George was one of the 21,000 people who worked at ENRON. After working at ENRON for 30 years, he had 14,000 shares of company stock. It was valued at $1.3 million. Then ENRON collapsed, and he had literally noth-ing. All his retirement was in ENRON stocks. If you haven’t watched the movies ENRON: The Smartest Guys in the Room recently, I’d urge you watch it again. You could also read Bethany McLean’s book by the same name. One image has consistently stuck with me. A staff rally where leadership extolled the virtues of the firm. Leaders whipped employees into a frenzy to buy ENRON stock even as the lead-ers knew it was worthless. In fact, corporate leaders had already their stock. Yet, they were urging employees to buy! ENRON had a strategy of buying companies and then pressuring the new employees to buy ENRON stock to keep the stock price in-flated. And since ENRON usually fired 10 per-cent of workers every year, workers felt pres-sured to buy stock to show a commitment to the firm. I don’t think the supporters of this bill are doing this for nefarious reasons. I’m sure they find my reference to ENRON hyperbolic. They might also say that it’s irrelevant since ENRON was a public company and we are talking about private companies. So, let’s talk about Palantir Technonologies. This $20 billion company convinced top-tier engineers to accept below-market salaries by promising them generous stock options. But some employees who accepted this bargain, hoping to make money on selling their shares, cannot sell them. The only buyer of their stocks is Palantir Technologies themselves— or a buyer approved by Palantir Technologies. Palantir is not a small firm. Palantir is the third biggest American tech startup, behind only Uber and AIRbnb. It was also founded in 2004, which makes Palantir as old as Facebook. Which is a long time to wait to cash in your options. Pushing employees to own more of employ-er’s stock exposes workers, like George Mad-dox, to put all their retirement eggs in one basket—what we call ‘‘concentration risk.’’ I just can’t support a bill that gives employ-ees fewer protections than investors. I can’t support a bill that encourages employees to possibly forego cash in their paychecks in ex-change for some unverified investment option. We should not make it easier for employers to pressure workers to choose options over sal-ary without adequate disclosures. I ask this Congress to stop doing the bid-ding of corporate America until we address the priorities of American families and workers. We should increase wages and access to af-fordable housing, provide clean air and clean water, and protect our privacy Vote no on H.R. 1343. I would like to include in the R
ECORD an arti- cle from BuzzFeed News regarding ex-Palantir employees struggling to sell their shares: 
[From BuzzFeed News, Oct. 28, 2016] E
X-PALANTIR EMPLOYEES ARE STRUGGLING TO S
ELLTHEIR SHARES  ‘‘Demand has evaporated’’ for the shares that make up the bulk of Palantir’s pay packages, and the company’s CEO seems aware of financial angst among his staff. Former employees of one of Silicon Val-ley’s most valuable startups are struggling to cash out of the stock options that formed a major part of their pay packages. As it grew into a $20 billion company, Palantir Technologies convinced top-tier en-gineers to accept salaries considered meager by Silicon Valley standards, pairing the rel-atively low wages with generous stock op-tion grants. But some former employees who accepted this bargain, banking on a future windfall, are now complaining that the mar-ket for their stock has gone ‘‘completely dead.’’ The complaints add to pressure on Palantir CEO Alex Karp, who has long contended that the company would avoid the public mar-kets. This week, Karp acknowledged publicly that he was ‘‘positioning’’ Palantir for an initial public offering, as part of efforts to reward cash-starved employees. This reversal didn’t come out of the blue. A chorus of complaints has arisen in a pri-vate Facebook group for Palantir alumni, with many former employees expressing con-cern and regret over their inability to sell their shares. In September and October, two former employees promoted possible oppor-tunities to join together to sell a block of shares, including an unsuccessful attempt to organize a sale in China. Numerous other former employees shared personal stories: Some said they needed the cash to buy a house or pay down debt, while another said they took out a loan to fund the process of turning the options into shares. One said it was ‘‘infuriating’’ trying to sell their shares in a ‘‘crap’’ market. Compared with last year, when the stock was highly sought after, demand among big investors for Palantir shares has recently gone cold, two brokers who specialize in startup shares told BuzzFeed News. This chill reveals more about the fickle and sometimes inscrutable nature of mar-kets for startup stock than it does about the business health of Palantir,’’ which makes money by analyzing data for government and corporate clients But it has stirred frustra-tion among current and former employees. A complaint about Palantir’s below-mar-ket compensation was the most upvoted question in an internal question-and-answer session in the first part of this year, with 259 votes from employees, an internal document reviewed by BuzzFeed News shows. ‘‘Our cash compensation + bonuses are below the mar-ket for tech and our equity growth has slown significantly,’’ the question, posed anony-mously by an employee, said. ‘‘The total comp is not competitive; even more so due to the illiquidity.’’ The questioner continued, ‘‘Are we planning to change our compensa-tion model?’’ Palantir did move to address such concerns in April, announcing it would raise salaries for many employees by 20% and offer to buy back a portion of employee shares. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.061 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE489 April 6, 2017 
But on Wednesday, Oct. 26, in another move that seemed aimed at placating em-ployees and investors, Karp gave the strong-est indication yet that an IPO could be on the horizon—though it is hardly a certainty. ‘‘We’re now positioning the company so we could go public,’’ he said from the stage of a tech conference hosted by the Wall Street Journal in Laguna Beach, California. ‘‘I’m not saying we will go public, but it’s a possi-bility.’’ An IPO would provide a payday to major investors, including Palantir co-founder and chairman Peter Thiel. ‘‘Of course I want my investors to be happy,’’ Karp said, ‘‘but the primary people I care about are the wide- eyed people at Palantir who are working day and night.’’ A Palantir spokesperson declined to com-ment. With a $20 billion valuation, Palantir is the third biggest American tech startup, behind only Uber and Airbnb. It is also by far the oldest of that elite group, meaning its work-ers have waited a long time for their stock- option payday. Founded in 2004, Palantir is as old as Facebook—which went public in 2012. In tech years, it is a generation older than Airbnb, founded in 2008, and Uber, which was founded in 2009. The much young-er Snapchat, which was founded in 2011, is re-portedly laying plans for an IPO early next year that could cause its valuation to leap-frog Palantir’s. Stock options have long been central to compensation at Palantir. A 2015 template for a Palantir offer letter gave new hires the ability to choose among three different pay packages, with lower cash salaries cor-responding to higher amounts of stock op-tions. ‘‘It is our hope and belief that these options will ultimately constitute the bulk of your overall compensation,’’ says this in-ternal Palantir document, which was re-viewed by BuzzFeed News. To illustrate the potential value of the op-tions, the offer letter template invites new hires to imagine a scenario in which Palantir’s valuation were to grow to $50 bil-lion, or $100 billion—or even $200 billion. ‘‘Al-though the values in the table below are hy-pothetical and inherently uncertain, we want to emphasize our belief in Palantir’s potential to become a $100 billion company,’’ the letter says. . While it waits for this dream to mate-rialize, the company has sought to ease fi-nancial angst among its employees. It held a ‘‘liquidity event’’ this year that gave current and former employees an opportunity to sell a fraction of their shares. But Palantir also indicated it wanted to curb share sales done outside of its official channels, warning that selling to outsiders could make staff ineli-gible for future liquidity events. That outside market hasn’t exactly been humming with deal activity anyway. Trad-ing in private company shares is opaque and fragmented, and data is hard to come by. But the two brokers who spoke with BuzzFeed News said Palantir’s prolific fundraising— the company has raised more than $2.5 bil-lion in capital, according to data provider PitchBook—may have dampened investor ap-petite. A number of big investors who would want a piece of Palantir already have one, they said. In May, BuzzFeed News revealed some of the setbacks Palantir has experienced as it seeks to expand beyond its roots as a govern-ment contractor and woo major corpora-tions. The article, based on internal docu-ments and insider interviews, reported that Palantir had lost some blue-chip corporate clients, was struggling to stem staff depar-tures, and had recorded revenue that was a fraction of its customer bookings. At the conference Wednesday, Karp was asked about those customer losses, which in-cluded Coca-Cola, American Express, and Nasdaq. ‘‘We date heavily before we marry,’’ he answered. Even before the article was published, members of the private Facebook group for Palantir alumni voiced concern about selling their shares in the so-called secondary mar-ket. BuzzFeed News is withholding the names of former employees to protect their privacy. ‘‘Any 2nd market shares going on right now? My broker disappeared,’’ one former employee posted in April. ‘‘There are still periodic deals happening,’’ another replied. ‘‘One that I know of right now, but it’s full already.’’ ‘‘Yeah, the demand has evaporated,’’ an-other said. More recently, however, some of the posts took on an urgent tone, as sales appeared to grow scarcer. Options are contracts to buy shares at a certain price; to use them, the owner must pay this price in addition to ap-plicable taxes—which can amount to a large bill. What’s more, options expire at a certain point if they’re not used, adding time pres-sure to the equation. In the public market, owners of options can easily sell a portion of their holdings to cover the tax bill and the exercise price. But this strategy is much trickier in the private market, and there was some debate in the Facebook group over whether Polar would even allow it. In September, one former employee asked the group whether anyone was ‘‘coming up on their 3-year expiration,’’ soliciting advice on ‘‘approaches people are taking given the less-than-stellar private market.’’ Among the replies, one former employee reported taking out ‘‘a personal loan to meet my exercise deadline.’’ Another wrote: ‘‘I’m in the same boat: 3 years coming up in April, market is crap, and I probably don’t have the resources available for a loan. The fact that it’s so dif-ficult to sell is infuriating and I’m wishing that I’d taken the ‘high’ salary option (which TBH wasn’t that high to begin with).’’ ‘‘On the same boat,’’ wrote another. ‘‘Hop-ing to buy a house next year and really couldn’t wrap my head around throwing so much money in addition to the stress and work needed to process.’’ The former employee who started that thread apparently didn’t receive much sol-ace. In response to a later post, which asked whether there were ‘‘any secondary market sales brewing,’’ this former employee wrote, ‘‘Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but the market is completely dead at the moment.’’ This person then quoted an unidentified broker as saying, ‘‘There is absolutely noth-ing moving in Palantir. People who have bought through us are trying to sell now. I don’t see it changing without the company changing their tone on an IPO.’’ Others in the thread shared snippets of in-formation they said they had heard from brokers. According to one, a broker ‘‘told me that there are a few ‘price insensitive’ sellers satisfying what little demand exists.’’ Another former employee wrote: ‘‘I’m in-terested in joining any sales going down too, I’ve got a year to pay off a hefty debt with the proceeds.’’ The person added a neutral face emoji. With buyers scarce, one former employee tried looking across the Pacific. ‘‘I spoke to someone that brokers sales in China, they said they might be willing to get something together if there’s enough of us,’’ they wrote above a link to a Google Doc that asked others to report information about their holdings One of the repliers questioned whether this process would actually turn into a sale—po-tential investors might just be ‘‘fishing for information on prices’’—and another cau-tioned the original poster against ‘‘acting as an agent for a group of sellers.’’ (The poster said the query was ‘‘just intended as an in-terest check.’’) In the end, none of that mattered. ‘‘Not likely to go anywhere in the next couple of months,’’ the former employee who posted the opportunity wrote later. ‘‘Sorry if I got anyone’s hopes up.’’ Early this month, another member of the group posted about an opportunity to sell op-tions through EquityZen, a startup that ar-ranges small transactions of private com-pany shares. This former employee advised others to contact the EquityZen CEO, pro-viding the CEO’s email address. But less than 12 hours later, another former employee replied to say that the deal ‘‘has been al-ready submitted,’’ meaning the opportunity had passed. ‘‘Dang,’’ another member wrote. Discussions in the group about news re-lated to Palantir often come back to a famil-iar theme. In September, for example, the Department of Labor accused Palantir of dis-criminating against Asian job applicants, a claim Palantir later rejected as ‘‘flawed and illogical.’’ In a thread discussing the allega-tions, one former employee found a financial angle. ‘‘I sure hope this isn’t an expensive lawsuit for them to defend,’’ this person wrote. ‘‘I don’t claim to understand how the legal sys-tem works in cases like this, but geeeeez this doesn’t bode well for any of us looking for li-quidity at a fair price over anytime soon.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AP8.062 E06APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D417 Thursday, April 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2383–S2433 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
USSOUTHCOM AND USNORTHCOM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Southern Com-mand and United States Northern Command, after receiving testimony from Admiral Kurt W. Tidd, USN, Commander, United States Southern Com-mand, and General Lori J. Robinson, USAF, Com-mander, United States Northern Command, Com-mander, North American Aerospace Defense Com-mand, both of the Department of Defense. FAA REAUTHORIZATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Secu-rity concluded a hearing to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, focusing on perspec-tives on rural air service and the general aviation community, after receiving testimony from Mayor Laurie Gill, Pierre, South Dakota; Spencer Dickerson, American Association of Airport Execu-tives, Alexandria, Virginia, on behalf of the U.S. Contract Tower Association; Mark Baker, Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, Frederick, Maryland; and Guy M. Smith, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical Uni-versity, Ormond Beach, Florida. 2017 TAX FILING SEASON AND IRS OPERATIONS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 2017 tax filing season, focusing on Internal Revenue Service operations and the taxpayer experience, after receiving testimony from John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported S. Res. 116, condemning the Assad regime for its continued use of chemical weapons against the Syrian people, with an amendment. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 127 public bills, H.R. 1965–2081; 1 private bill, H.R. 2082; and 25 resolutions, H.J. Res. 95–97; H. Con. Res. 48–50; and H. Res. 252–253, 255–271 were introduced.
                                                            Pages H2783–89 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2793–94 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 680, to prohibit accessing pornographic web sites from Federal computers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–81); H.R. 1003, to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Colum-bia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service (H. Rept. 115–82); H. Res. 203, resolution of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Attorney General, to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to certain commu-nications by the President of the United States, with an amendment; adversely (H. Rept. 115–83); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06AP7.REC D06APPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD418 April 6, 2017 
H.R. 455, to designate the United States court-house located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’ (H. Rept. 115–84); H.R. 1346, to repeal the rule issued by the Fed-eral Highway Administration and the Federal Tran-sit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Re-form’’ (H. Rept. 115–85); H. Con. Res. 36, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (H. Rept. 115–86); H. Con. Res. 35, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memo-rial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition (H. Rept. 115–87); and H. Res. 254, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017 (H. Rept. 115–88). 
                                                                                            Page H2783 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H2757 
Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1219, to amend the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, by a yea-and-nay vote of 417 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 221.
                                          Pages H2766–67 
H. Res. 242, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1219) was agreed to yesterday, April 5th. Providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S.J. Res. 30, pro-viding for the reappointment of Steve Case as a cit-izen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithso-nian Institution.
                                                         Page H2767 
Providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S.J. Res. 35, pro-viding for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smith-sonian Institution.
                                                     Page H2767 
Providing for the appointment of Roger W. Fer-guson as a citizen regent of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S.J. Res. 36, providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
                          Page H2767 Recess: The House recessed at 1:03 p.m. and recon-vened at 2:29 p.m.
                                                   Page H2782 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 48, providing for a conditional adjourn-ment of the House of Representatives.
           Page H2782 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Saturday, April 8, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 48, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that con-current resolution.
                                                     Page H2782 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to Somalia is to continue in effect beyond April 12, 2017—re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–28).
         Page H2767 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H2766–67. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 2:32 p.m., the House stands adjourned until 11 a.m. on Saturday, April 8, 2017, unless it sooner has re-ceived a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of H. Con. Res. 48, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that con-current resolution. 
Committee Meetings 
EVALUATING THE DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDITING PROCESS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Defense Contract Auditing Process’’. Testimony was heard from Anita F. Bales, Director, Defense Contract Audit Agency, Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller); and public witnesses. EXAMINATION OF THE FEDERAL FINANCIAL REGULATORY SYSTEM AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR REFORM Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examination of the Federal Finan-cial Regulatory System and Opportunities for Re-form’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06AP7.REC D06APPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D419 April 6, 2017 
ENFORCEMENT IS NOT OPTIONAL: THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHILDREN Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘En-forcement is Not Optional: The Goldman Act to Re-turn Abducted American Children’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE BEST AND WORST PLACES TO WORK IN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Best and Worst Places to Work in the Federal Government’’. Testimony was heard from Roberta Jeanquart, Director, Office of Human Resources Management, Chief Human Capital Offi-cer, Department of Agriculture; Lacey Dingman, Di-rector, Office of Human Resources, Chief Human Capital Officer, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion; Angela Bailey, Chief Human Capital Officer, Department of Homeland Security; Lee Gardner, Managing Director, Surface Transportation Board; Veronica Villalobos, Principal Deputy Associate Di-rector, Employee Services Division, Acting Executive Director, Chief Human Capital Officers Council, Of-fice of Personnel Management; and a public witness. AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1628, the ‘‘American Health Care Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a rule providing for further consideration of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017. The rule provides that the further amendment print-ed in the Rules Committee Report shall be consid-ered as adopted. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Schweikert, Palmer, and Gohmert. SCAM SPOTTING: CAN THE IRS EFFECTIVELY PROTECT SMALL BUSINESS INFORMATION? Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Scam Spotting: Can the IRS Effec-tively Protect Small Business Information?’’. Testi-mony was heard from Russell George, Inspector General, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Admin-istration. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on H.R. 91, the ‘‘Building Supportive Networks for Women Veterans Act’’; H.R. 95, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act’’; H.R. 467, the ‘‘VA Scheduling Accountability Act’’; H.R. 907, the ‘‘Newborn Care Improvement Act’’; H.R. 918, the ‘‘Veteran Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act’’; H.R. 1005, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; H.R. 1162, the ‘‘No Hero Left Untreated Act’’; H.R. 1545, the ‘‘VA Prescription Data Accountability Act 2017’’; H.R. 1662, to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit smoking in any facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration, and for other purposes; and H.R. 1848, the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Medical Scribe Pilot Act of 2017’’. H.R. 91, H.R. 95, H.R. 467, H.R. 907, H.R. 918, H.R. 1005, H.R. 1162, H.R. 1545, H.R. 1662, and H.R. 1848 were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
BUSINESS MEETING Joint Committee on the Library: Committee adopted its rules of procedure for the 115th Congress. BUSINESS MEETING Joint Committee on Printing: Committee adopted its rules of procedure for the 115th Congress. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06AP7.REC D06APPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD420 April 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Friday, April 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 11:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Saturday, April 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Saturday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bacon, Don, Nebr., E480 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E477 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E476 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E481 Brat, Dave, Va., E475 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E473, E479, E487 Chu, Judy, Calif., E480 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E471 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E471 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E469, E472, E474, E486 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E485 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E475 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E471 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E487 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E472 Green, Al, Tex., E474 Harris, Andy, Md., E480 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E469 Hurd, Will, Tex., E480 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E479 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E478, E483 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E473, E475, E476, E477, E479, E480, E482, E485, E485 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E471 King, Steve, Iowa, E477 Langevin, James R., R.I., E482, E484 Lawson, Al, Jr., Fla., E473, E477, E480, E487 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E481, E486 Long, Billy, Mo., E481 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E480 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E470 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E475 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E481 Murphy, Stephanie M., Fla., E483 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E482 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E472 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E484 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E484 Roe, David P., Tenn., E483 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E474, E486 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E469, E470, E471, E472 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E475 Serrano, Jose´E., N.Y., E473, E474, E477, E487 Shimkus, John, Ill., E486 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E470 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E476 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E484 Valadao, David G., Calif., E483 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E485 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E486 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Apr 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06AP7.REC D06APPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST