Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1323 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2017 No. 34 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 27, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
EFF D
ENHAM to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You sent Your prophet Isaiah to Your people when they were in need of hope and vision. May Isaiah’s prophetic words guide us still. Send Your spirit upon this Nation and this Congress that we may be open to hearing Your word and actively seek the salvation You alone can bring. Make of us a people of compassion and holiness. In pursuing the avenues of justice for all, may we be a sign to the community of nations. Help us to work toward the complete fulfillment of the deepest human hopes and Your inspiriting promises. With humility let us embrace our calling: to be truly prophetic, as Your servants of old, by earnestly fulfilling Your com-mands now and forever. Lord, bless the Members of the peo-ple’s House today and all days, and may all that is done be for Your great-er honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
REVIVE THE KEYSTONE PIPELINE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, President Trump has signed an execu-tive order to revive the Canadian Key-stone XL pipeline. If Keystone does not go through, it is not as if Americans will stop buying oil to meet our energy needs. No, we will just buy it from somewhere else. That includes coun-tries like Saudi Arabia or corrupt Ven-ezuela. It seems to me that we would rather see a stable country and neighbor like Canada get this contract than Ven-ezuela or Middle Eastern countries. Keystone is also good for the United States. Keystone XL pipeline will bring thousands of jobs to my home State of Texas. This is where the pipeline ends at the refineries in southeast Texas. At peak capacity, the pipeline is ex-pected to deliver 830,000 barrels a day to the Gulf Coast. That is as much fuel as we get from Saudi Arabia. At peak capacity, this will be better for the United States and energy independ-ence. TransCanada has reapplied for this permit, and the State Department needs to approve it. Pipelines are the most economical and environmentally safe way to move fuel, and it is time we make this happen. And that is just the way it is. f 
SNAP: A RUNG ON THE ECONOMIC LADDER (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to identify an important rung on the economic lad-der. The Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program, or SNAP, can help pave the way for recipients to climb the eco-nomic ladder through work training. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.000 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1324 February 27, 2017 
The truth is simple: where poverty ex-ists, skills gaps can prevent access to jobs with family-sustaining wages. Underemployment and unemployed are leading causes of poverty, and pro-moting pathways to employment is the best way to help individuals climb the economic ladder out of poverty and into self-sufficiency. Combined with other welfare programs, SNAP recipi-ents may face a welfare cliff when they are just above the income eligibility level, which can create disincentives to finding work or increasing earnings. Better enforcement of work require-ments is needed in some States, and enforcement needs to be coupled with more effective SNAP employment and training programs. As the House Agriculture Nutrition Subcommittee chair and House Career and Technical Education Caucus co- chair, I am committed to reforming the nutrition needs of today and greater opportunities for tomorrow for all Americans. 
f 
REMEMBERING PAUL GLAAB OF ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Paul Glaab who passed away on Janu-ary 26. Paul’s career in public service began in the 1980s when he worked for the Re-publican caucus in the California State assembly on business, transportation, and housing issues. He continued to serve two California Governors in the State’s Division of Codes and Stand-ards and the Department of Transpor-tation. He then served on the board of the Orange County Transportation Au-thority and later as the board’s chair. Notably, he served two terms as La-guna Niguel’s mayor. Paul was a true public servant, and he will be missed by everyone in the Orange County community. Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Janice, his daughter Molly, and the rest of his family. We join them in their mourning and hope that they will find comfort in knowing that Paul’s legacy of leadership will live on for years to come. 
f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we close out Black History Month. Last night at the Oscars, we saw ‘‘Moonlight’’ win the Best Picture, which was a real milestone for Black filmmakers. We also saw Viola Davis, the first African-American woman to win an Oscar, an Emmy, and a Tony. We have come a long way since the civil rights era. As a kid in school, I was intrigued by the period. It is when I first learned about standing up, fight-ing for people, for equality against ra-cial discrimination, and injustices. The struggle is real, and it continues today. I am looking forward this weekend to going with one of my civil rights he-roes, Congressman JOHN LEWIS, on a Faith and Politics trip to Selma, Mont-gomery, and Birmingham. May we learn from history to end the hatred, divisions, and the injustices that con-tinue. 
f 
TRUMP’S EXECUTIVE ORDERS POPULAR (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent poll shows that the American people agree with all of President Trump’s major executive orders, though they are not likely to learn about it from the liberal media. Fifty-five percent approve of revok-ing Federal funding for sanctuary cit-ies. Only 33 percent disapprove. Fifty- five percent approve of prohibiting ref-ugees from seven countries from enter-ing the U.S. Only 38 percent dis-approve. By wide margins, the American peo-ple side with the President on freezing regulations and Federal hiring, build-ing pipelines, and constructing a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. As favorable to the President as this poll is, think how much more favorable it would have been if the media had not incessantly criticized his executive or-ders. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 24, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 24, 2017, at 9:54 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 442. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE AMERICAN FOLKLIFE CENTER IN THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2103(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following indi-vidual to the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Center in the Li-brary of Congress on the part of the House for a term of 6 years: Ms. Amy Kitchener, Fresno, Cali-fornia. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park lo-cated in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field as an affiliated area of the Na-tional Park System, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 88 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Shiloh Na-tional Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Designa-tion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) A
FFILIATED AREA .—The term ‘‘affiliated area’’ means the Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field established as an affiliated area of the National Park System under section 4. (2) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means Shiloh National Military Park, a unit of the Na-tional Park System. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. AREAS TO BE ADDED TO SHILOH NA-TIONAL MILITARY PARK. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AREAS .—The boundary of Shiloh National Military Park is modified to include the areas that are generally depicted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.004 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1325 February 27, 2017 
on the map entitled ‘‘Shiloh National Mili-tary Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, numbered 304/80,011, and dated July 2014, as follows: (1) Fallen Timbers Battlefield. (2) Russell House Battlefield. (3) Davis Bridge Battlefield. (b) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may acquire lands described in subsection (a) by donation, purchase from willing sellers with donated or appropriated funds, or ex-change. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—Any lands acquired under this section shall be administered as part of the Park. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF AFFILIATED AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Parker’s Crossroads Bat-tlefield in the State of Tennessee is hereby established as an affiliated area of the Na-tional Park System. (b) D
ESCRIPTION .—The affiliated area shall consist of the area generally depicted within the ‘‘Proposed Boundary’’ on the map enti-tled ‘‘Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, Pro-posed Boundary’’, numbered 903/80,073, and dated July 2014. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The affiliated area shall be managed in accordance with this Act and all laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System. (d) M
ANAGEMENT ENTITY .—The City of Parkers Crossroads and the Tennessee His-torical Commission shall jointly be the man-agement entity for the affiliated area. (e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may provide technical assistance and enter into cooperative agreements with the management entity for the purpose of pro-viding financial assistance with marketing, marking, interpretation, and preservation of the affiliated area. (f) L
IMITED ROLE OF THE SECRETARY .— Nothing in this Act authorizes the Secretary to acquire property at the affiliated area or to assume overall financial responsibility for the operation, maintenance, or management of the affiliated area. (g) G
ENERAL MANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the management entity, shall develop a general management plan for the affiliated area. The plan shall be prepared in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date that funds are made available for this Act, the Secretary shall provide a copy of the completed general management to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
SEC. 5. PRIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION. 
(a) N OUSE OF CONDEMNATION .—The Sec- retary of the Interior may not acquire by condemnation any land or interests in land under this Act or for the purposes of this Act. (b) W
RITTEN CONSENT OF OWNER .—No non- Federal property may be included in the Shi-loh National Military Park without the writ-ten consent of the owner. (c) N
OBUFFER ZONECREATED .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Shiloh Na-tional Military Park, or the management plan for the Shiloh National Military Park shall be construed to create buffer zones out-side of the Park. That activities or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from areas within the Shiloh National Military shall not pre-clude, limit, control, regulate, or determine the conduct or management of activities or uses outside of the Park. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 88, introduced by Representative M
ARSHA BLACKBURN of Tennessee, expands the boundaries of the Shiloh National Military Park to include 2,126 acres of battlefields in Corinth and designates the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System. The Battle of Shiloh was one of the bloodiest battles in the history of this Nation and a turning point of which it was once said that, after Shiloh, the South never smiled again. The Battle of Parker’s Crossroads was fought later that year and, though not as decisive a battle as Shiloh, was worthy of preser-vation in remembrance of the fallen. I would like to add something on a personal note. I would like to speak of Private James H. Ewing, of the Third Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment, the fifth of 10 children of James and Agnes Ewing of Marshall County, Iowa. The family had begun in Ohio and jour-neyed to the frontier of Iowa, following Horace Greely’s advice to go west and grow with the Nation. In 1861, that Na-tion was torn apart by secession. James Ewing met President Lincoln’s call to defend her and was 24 years old when he was killed on April 6, 1862, at Pittsburg Landing on the first day of the Battle of Shiloh. The words of his younger brother, John, written 64 years later, in 1926, ex-pressed both the enduring anguish of that loss with equal parts of enduring pride, saying: ‘‘Brother James gave up his life at the Battle of Shiloh . . . fighting to save our free government.’’ That free government survived because of the sacrifices and suffering of these brave young men, and I am honored to speak the name of one of them in this Chamber today. Private James H. Ewing is one of 3,584 courageous Americans whose graves our Nation has cared for and honored through the generations that have followed at Shiloh. This bill assures that several more of the battle-fields they struggled on will be pre-served in a cohesive unit. Our family remains proud of him to this day and grateful to Congresswoman B
LACKBURN  for bringing forward this bill to assure that the sacrifices, gallantry, and idealism of those young men who struggled at Bloody Shiloh shall never be forgotten by their larger family, the American people. This bill would preserve approxi-mately 2,126 acres of that battlefield associated with the Siege of Corinth, including the Fallen Timbers, Russell House, and Davis Bridge Battlefields. The National Park Service determined that each of these sites provides exten-sive opportunities for visitor use and interpretation or the potential for ar-cheological research. An identical version of this legislation passed the House of Representatives last Con-gress. I commend Representative BLACK -
BURN for her work to preserve these historically significant sites, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. By expanding the boundaries of the Shiloh National Military Park in the State of Tennessee, H.R. 88 will assist the National Park Service in its efforts to preserve lands and share the history of the Civil War for generations to come. The bill adjusts the boundary of the park to include several sites identified in the 2004 boundary expansion study conducted by the National Park Serv-ice. This bill also establishes the Park-er’s Crossroads Battlefield as an associ-ated area of the National Park System. Between the Union and Confederacy, Parker’s Crossroads saw over 700 Amer-icans lose their lives in the war for our Nation’s future. Preserving this site will provide even broader opportunities to commemorate and learn from the legacy of the Civil War. The emphasis that we all need to place on preserving our country’s his-tory cannot be overstated. The Civil War is a chapter in our national story that continues to shape the thoughts and actions of this country over 150 years after its conclusion. The struggles and personal conflicts faced by millions of soldiers and the impact on families throughout and after the war have provided us with many lessons, lessons that continue to remain relevant today. Only through learning from our past will we learn how to be a better and stronger nation in the future. Parks, such as Shiloh National Mili-tary Park, offer countless opportuni-ties for us to explore the rich history and lessons of the past. These opportu-nities are most effective when visitors to sites can immerse themselves in the full setting of the area and gain a true understanding of the historical con-text, something that this expansion of the Shiloh National Military Park will achieve. I would like to thank Representative B
LACKBURN for her hard work and com-mitment to protecting the historical resources in her State, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), the author of this meas-ure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.003 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1326 February 27, 2017 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding the time. I do encourage my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Recently, National Geographic ranked this as the third best Civil War site to visit—the third best—and there is a reason for that. It is because of the dedication of the National Park Serv-ice personnel that are there at the Shi-loh battlefield and the local volunteers from Tennessee and Mississippi that work to preserve and to enhance. Mrs. T
ORRES was so right when she talked about the relevancy of the site and the opportunity for introspection and remembrance and the importance of preservation and the lessons that can be learned as individuals go and visit this park. It is significant, and in our Civil War history it is significant that we preserve this and work with the National Park Service. The Battle of Shiloh was fought on April 6 and 7 in 1862. It was the blood-iest battle of the Civil War up to that point: 23,000 Americans died. General Grant’s Union Army was victorious. The Confederate forces withdrew to Corinth, and the outcome of the battle eventually led to the fall of Vicksburg in July of 1863. This permanently di-vided the Confederacy and crippled the Southern war effort. As we look at this legislation that goes around this battlefield, it does preserve the historical legacy of Ten-nessee, of Shiloh, and of our Nation. It gives the Park Service the authority that they would like to preserve more than 2,100 additional acres of the his-toric Shiloh National Military Park. As the gentleman from California said, Fallen Timbers, Davis Bridge, and Russell House are all included in this, as well as Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field, which would be named an affili-ated area. As we look at visitors to our Nation’s park, the Shiloh National Military Park welcomes more than 500,000 visi-tors each and every year. I thank my colleagues for the time and the support. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again thank Representative B
LACKBURN for her efforts, and I urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would join in asking for adoption of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 88. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. INDIAN EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND RELATED SERVICES CON-SOLIDATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 228) to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Serv-ices Demonstration Act of 1992 to fa-cilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Fed-eral sources, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 228 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT OF SHORT TITLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 note; 106 Stat. 2302) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’.’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in law to the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Re-lated Services Demonstration Act of 1992’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’’. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 2 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The purposes of this Act are to demonstrate how Indian tribal govern-ments can’’ and inserting ‘‘The purpose of this Act is to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes and tribal organizations to’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘from diverse Federal sources’’ after ‘‘they provide’’; (3) by striking ‘‘and serve tribally-deter-mined’’ and inserting ‘‘, and serve tribally determined’’; and (4) by inserting ‘‘, while reducing adminis-trative, reporting, and accounting costs’’ after ‘‘policy of self-determination’’. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3402), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The terms ‘Indian tribe’ and ‘tribe’ have the meaning given the term ‘Indian tribe’ in section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ includes tribal organizations (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means a program described in section 5(a).’’. 
SEC. 5. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHORIZED. 
Section 4 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3403), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 4. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHOR-IZED. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, after approving a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accord-ance with section 8, authorize the Indian tribe to, in accordance with the plan— ‘‘(1) integrate the programs and Federal funds received by the Indian tribe in accord-ance with waiver authority granted under section 7(d); and ‘‘(2) coordinate the employment, training, and related services provided with those funds in a consolidated and comprehensive tribal plan.’’. 
SEC. 6. PROGRAMS AFFECTED AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
Section 5 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3404), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5. PROGRAMS AFFECTED. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAMS AFFECTED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The programs that may be integrated pursuant to a plan approved under section 8 shall be only programs— ‘‘(A) implemented for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) job training; ‘‘(ii) welfare to work and tribal work expe-rience; ‘‘(iii) creating or enhancing employment opportunities; ‘‘(iv) skill development; ‘‘(v) assisting Indian youth and adults to succeed in the workforce; ‘‘(vi) encouraging self-sufficiency; ‘‘(vii) familiarizing individual participants with the world of work; ‘‘(viii) facilitating the creation of job op-portunities; ‘‘(ix) economic development; or ‘‘(x) any services related to the activities described in clauses (i) through (x); and ‘‘(B) under which an Indian tribe or mem-bers of an Indian tribe— ‘‘(i) are eligible to receive funds— ‘‘(I) under a statutory or administrative formula making funds available to an Indian tribe; or ‘‘(II) based solely or in part on their status as Indians under Federal law; or ‘‘(ii) have secured funds as a result of a noncompetitive process or a specific designa-tion. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF BLOCK GRANT FUNDS .— For purposes of this section, programs fund-ed by block grant funds provided to an In-dian tribe, regardless of whether the block grant is for the benefit of the Indian tribe be-cause of the status of the Indian tribe or the status of the beneficiaries the grant serves, shall be eligible to be integrated into the plan. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec- retary shall, in cooperation with the Attor-ney General, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Energy, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Transportation, and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, after the Secretary approves a plan submitted by an Indian tribe or tribal organization under section 8, authorize the Indian tribe or tribal organization, as appli-cable, to coordinate, in accordance with the plan, federally funded employment, training, and related services programs and funding in a manner that integrates the programs and funding into a consolidated and comprehen-sive program.’’. 
SEC. 7. PLAN REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 6 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.008 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1327 February 27, 2017 
U.S.C. 3405), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6. PLAN REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘A plan submitted to the Secretary for ap-proval under this Act shall— ‘‘(1) identify the programs to be integrated and consolidated; ‘‘(2) be consistent with the purposes of this Act; ‘‘(3) describe— ‘‘(A) a comprehensive strategy identifying the full range of potential employment op-portunities on and near the service area of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) the education, training, and related services to be provided to assist Indians to access those employment opportunities; ‘‘(C) the way in which services and pro-gram funds are to be integrated, consoli-dated, and delivered; and ‘‘(D) the results expected, including the ex-pected number of program participants in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the program, from the plan; ‘‘(4) identify the projected expenditures under the plan in a single budget covering all consolidated funds; ‘‘(5) identify any agency of the Indian tribe to be involved in the delivery of the services integrated under the plan; ‘‘(6) identify any statutory provisions, reg-ulations, policies, or procedures that the In-dian tribe believes need to be waived to im-plement the plan; and ‘‘(7) be approved by the governing body of the Indian tribe.’’. 
SEC. 8. PLAN REVIEW; WAIVER AUTHORITY; AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
Section 7 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3406), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7 PLAN REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon receipt of a plan from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall consult with— ‘‘(1) the head of each Federal agency over-seeing a program identified in the plan; and ‘‘(2) the Indian tribe that submitted the plan. ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF WAIVERS .—The par- ties identified in subsection (a) shall identify any waivers of applicable statutory, regu-latory, or administrative requirements, or of Federal agency policies or procedures nec-essary to enable the Indian tribe to effi-ciently implement the plan. ‘‘(c) T
RIBAL WAIVER REQUEST .—In consulta-tion with the Secretary, a participating In-dian tribe may request that the head of each affected agency waive any statutory, regu-latory, or administrative requirement, pol-icy, or procedure identified subsection (b). ‘‘(d) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), notwithstanding any other provision of law, the head of each affected Federal agency shall waive any applicable statutory, regulatory, or administrative re-quirement, regulation, policy, or procedure promulgated by the agency that has been identified by the parties under subparagraph (b). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The head of an affected Federal agency shall not grant a waiver under paragraph (1) if the head of the af-fected agency determines that a waiver will be inconsistent with— ‘‘(A) the purposes of this Act; or ‘‘(B) the provision of law from which the program included in the plan derives its au-thority that is specifically applicable to In-dians. ‘‘(e) D
ECISION ON WAIVER REQUEST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the head of an affected agency receives a waiver request, the head of the affected agency shall decide whether to grant or deny the request. ‘‘(2) DENIAL OF REQUEST .—If the head of the affected agency denies a waiver request, not later than 30 days after the date on which the denial is made, the head of the affected agency shall provide the requesting Indian tribe and the Secretary with written notice of the denial and the reasons for the denial. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO ACT ON REQUEST .—If the head of an affected agency does not make a decision under paragraph (1) by the deadline identified in that paragraph, the request shall be considered to be granted. ‘‘(f) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW .—If the head of an affected agency denies a waiver request under subsection (e)(2), not later than 30 days after the date on which the request is denied, the Secretary shall review the denial and determine whether granting the waiv-er— ‘‘(1) will be inconsistent with the provi-sions of this Act; or ‘‘(2) will prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act. ‘‘(g) I
NTERAGENCY DISPUTE RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary deter-mines that granting the waiver will not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act and will not prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act, the Secretary shall establish and initiate an interagency dispute resolution process involving— ‘‘(A) the Secretary; ‘‘(B) the participating Indian tribe; and ‘‘(C) the head of the affected agency. ‘‘(2) D
URATION .—A dispute subject to para-graph (1) shall be resolved not later than 30 days after the date on which the process is initiated. ‘‘(h) F
INAL AUTHORITY .—If the dispute reso-lution process fails to resolve the dispute be-tween a participating Indian tribe and an af-fected agency, the head of the affected agen-cy shall have the final authority to resolve the dispute. ‘‘(i) F
INAL DECISION .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the dispute is resolved under this section, the Secretary shall provide the requesting Indian tribe with— ‘‘(1) the final decision on the waiver re-quest; and ‘‘(2) notice of the right to file an appeal in accordance with the applicable provisions described in section 8(d).’’. 
SEC. 9. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AUTHOR-ITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
Section 8 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3407), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AU-THORITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall have exclusive authority to approve or dis-approve a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accordance with section 6. ‘‘(b) A
PPROVAL PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a plan, the Secretary shall, after co-ordinating with the Secretary of each Fed-eral agency providing funds to be used to im-plement the plan, approve or deny the plan. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary approves a plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall authorize the transfer of program funds identified in the plan in accordance with sec-tion 13. ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL .—If the Secretary denies the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the Indian tribe a written notifi-cation of disapproval of the plan that con-tains a specific finding that clearly dem-onstrates, or that is supported by a control-ling legal authority, that the plan does not meet the requirements described in section 6. ‘‘(4) PARTIAL APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a plan is denied under paragraph (3) solely on the basis that a re-quest for a waiver that is part of the plan has not been approved (or is subject to dispute resolution) under section 7, the Secretary shall, upon a request from the tribe, grant partial approval for those portions of the plan not affected by the request for a waiver. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL AFTER RESOLUTION .—With respect to a plan described in subparagraph (A), on resolution of the request for a waiver under section 7, the Secretary shall, on a re-quest from the tribe, approve the plan or amended plan not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the request. ‘‘(5) F
AILURE TO ACT .—If the Secretary does not make a decision under paragraph (1) within 90 days of the date on which the Sec-retary receives the plan, the plan shall be considered to be approved. ‘‘(c) E
XTENSION OF TIME.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may extend or otherwise alter the 90-day pe-riod identified in subsection (b)(1) for not more than 90 additional days, if, before the expiration of the period, the Secretary ob-tains the express written consent of the In-dian tribe. ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW OF DENIAL .— ‘‘(1) P
ROCEDURE UPON REFUSAL TO APPROVE  
PLAN .—If the Secretary denies a plan under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) state any objections in writing to the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) provide assistance to the Indian tribe to overcome the stated objections; and ‘‘(C) unless the Indian tribe brings a civil action under paragraph (2), provide the In-dian tribe with a hearing on the record with the right to engage in full discovery relevant to any issue raised in the matter and the op-portunity for appeal on the objections raised, under such rules and regulations as the Sec-retary may promulgate. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The district courts of the United States shall have original juris-diction of a civil action against the appro-priate Secretary arising under this section. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE HEARING AND APPEAL  
NOT REQUIRED .—An Indian tribe may bring a civil action under this paragraph without re-gard to whether the Indian tribe had a hear-ing or filed an appeal under paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) R
ELIEF .—In an action brought under this paragraph, the court may order appro-priate relief (including injunctive relief to reverse a denial of a plan under this section or to compel an officer or employee of the United States, or any agency thereof, to per-form a duty provided under this Act or regu-lations promulgated thereunder) against any action by an officer or employee of the United States or any agency thereof con-trary to this Act or regulations promulgated thereunder. ‘‘(3) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a deci-sion by an official of the Department of the Interior or the Department of Health and Human Services, as appropriate (collectively referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Depart-ment’) that constitutes final agency action and that relates to an appeal within the De-partment that is conducted under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made— ‘‘(A) by an official of the Department who holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the departmental agency (such as the In-dian Health Service or the Bureau of Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.005 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1328 February 27, 2017 
Affairs) in which the decision that is the sub-ject of the appeal was made; or ‘‘(B) by an administrative law judge.’’. 
SEC. 10. EMPLOYER TRAINING PLACEMENTS. 
Section 10 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3409), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 10. EMPLOYER TRAINING PLACEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), an Indian tribe that has in place an ap-proved plan under this Act may use the funds made available for the plan under this Act— ‘‘(1) to place participants in training posi-tions with employers; and ‘‘(2) to pay the participants a training al-lowance or wage for a training period of not more than 24 months, which may be non-consecutive. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An Indian tribe may carry out subsection (a) only if the Indian tribe enters into a written agreement with each applicable employer under which the employer shall agree— ‘‘(1) to provide on-the-job training to the participants; and ‘‘(2) on satisfactory completion of the training period described in subsection (a)(2), to prioritize the provision of permanent em-ployment to the participants.’’. 
SEC. 11. FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 11 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3410), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 11. FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
‘‘(a) L EADAGENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the lead agency re-sponsible for implementation of this Act shall be the Bureau of Indian Affairs. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The responsibilities of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in carrying out this Act shall include— ‘‘(A) in coordination with the head of each Federal agency overseeing a program identi-fied in the plan, the development of a single model report for each Indian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act to submit to the Director reports on any con-solidated activities undertaken and joint ex-penditures made under the plan; ‘‘(B) the provision, directly or through con-tract, of appropriate voluntary and technical assistance to participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(C) the development and use of a single monitoring and oversight system for plans approved under this Act; ‘‘(D)(i) the receipt of all funds covered by a plan approved under this Act; and ‘‘(ii) the distribution of the funds to the re-spective Indian tribes by not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the funds from the appropriate Federal department or agency; and ‘‘(E)(i) the performance of activities de-scribed in section 7 relating to agency waiv-ers; and ‘‘(ii) the establishment of an interagency dispute resolution process. ‘‘(3) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017, the Secretary (act-ing through the Director of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs), in conjunction with the Secre-taries of Agriculture, Commerce, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Home-land Security, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, Labor, Transportation, and Veterans Affairs and the Attorney General, shall enter into an interdepartmental memorandum of agreement providing for the implementation of this Act. ‘‘(B) INCLUSIONS .—The memorandum of agreement under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude provisions relating to— ‘‘(i) an annual meeting of participating In-dian tribes and Federal departments and agencies, to be co-chaired by— ‘‘(I) a representative of the President; and ‘‘(II) a representative of the participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(ii) an annual review of the achievements under this Act, including the number and percentage of program participants in unsub-sidized employment during the second quar-ter after exit from the program, and any statutory, regulatory, administrative, or policy obstacles that prevent participating Indian tribes from fully and efficiently car-rying out the purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(iii) a forum comprised of participating Indian tribes and Federal departments and agencies to identify and resolve interagency conflicts and conflicts between the Federal Government and Indian tribes in the admin-istration of this Act. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT FORMAT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall de-velop and distribute to Indian tribes that have in place an approved plan under this Act a single report format, in accordance with the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The lead agency shall ensure that the report format developed under paragraph (1), together with records maintained by each participating Indian tribe, contains information sufficient— ‘‘(A) to determine whether the Indian tribe has complied with the requirements of the approved plan of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) to determine the number and percent-age of program participants in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the program; and ‘‘(C) to provide assurances to the head of each applicable Federal department or agen-cy that the Indian tribe has complied with all directly applicable statutory and regu-latory requirements not waived under sec-tion 7. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The report format devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall not require a participating Indian tribe to report on the expenditure of funds expressed by fund source or single agency code transferred to the Indian tribe under an approved plan under this Act but instead shall require the Indian tribe to submit a single report on the expenditure of consolidated funds under such plan.’’. 
SEC. 12. NO REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS. 
Section 12 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3411), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12. NO REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In no case shall the amount of Federal funds available to an In-dian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act be reduced as a result of— ‘‘(1) the enactment of this Act; or ‘‘(2) the approval or implementation of a plan of an Indian tribe under this Act. ‘‘(b) I
NTERACTION WITHOTHER LAWS.—The inclusion of a program in a tribal plan under this Act shall not— ‘‘(1) modify, limit, or otherwise affect the eligibility of the program for contracting under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) eliminate the applicability of any pro-vision of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), as the provision relates to a specific program eligible for contracting under that Act.’’. 
SEC. 13. TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
Section 13 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3412), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 13. TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 30 days after the date of apportionment to the appli-cable Federal department or agency, the head of a Federal agency overseeing a pro-gram identified in a plan approved under this Act shall transfer to the Director of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs for distribution to an Indian tribe any funds identified in the ap-proved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, at the request of the Indian tribe, all program funds transferred to an Indian tribe in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe shall be transferred to the Indian tribe pur-suant to an existing contract, compact, or funding agreement awarded pursuant to title I or IV of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 14. ADMINISTRATION OF FUNDS. 
Section 14 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3413), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); (2) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through sub-section (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 14. ADMINISTRATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSOLIDATION AND REALLOCATION OF  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, all amounts transferred to a tribe pursuant to an approved plan may be consolidated, reallocated, and rebudgeted as specified in the approved plan to best meet the employment, training, and related needs of the local community served by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS .—The amounts used to carry out a plan approved under this Act shall be administered in such manner as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to ensure the amounts are spent on activities authorized under the approved plan. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section interferes with the ability of the Secretary or the lead agency to use accounting proce-dures that conform to generally accepted ac-counting principles, auditing procedures, and safeguarding of funds that conform to chap-ter 75 of title 31, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Single Audit Act of 1984’). ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE RECORDS AND AUDITS NOT RE -
QUIRED .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law (including regulations and circu-lars of any agency (including Office of Man-agement and Budget Circular A–133)), an In-dian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act shall not be required— ‘‘(A) to maintain separate records that trace any service or activity conducted under the approved plan to the program for which the funds were initially authorized or transferred; ‘‘(B) to allocate expenditures among such a program; or ‘‘(C) to audit expenditures by the original source of the program. ‘‘(b) C
ARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds transferred to an Indian tribe under this Act that are not obligated or expended prior to the beginning of the fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the funds were appropriated shall re-main available for obligation or expenditure without fiscal year limitation, subject to the condition that the funds shall be obligated or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.005 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1329 February 27, 2017 
expended in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION .—The Indian tribe shall not be required to provide any additional justification or documenta-tion of the purposes of the approved plan as a condition of receiving or expending the funds. ‘‘(c) I
NDIRECT COSTS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Indian tribe shall be entitled to recover 100 percent of any indi-rect costs incurred by the Indian tribe as a result of the transfer of funds to the Indian tribe under this Act.’’; and (3) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by paragraph (1))— (A) by striking ‘‘All administrative’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—All administrative’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘regulations)’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting the following: ‘‘regulations). ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—The amount equal to the difference between the amount of the com-mingled funds and the actual administrative cost of the programs, as described in para-graph (1), shall be considered to be properly spent for Federal audit purposes if the amount is used to achieve the purposes of this Act. ‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds trans-ferred to an Indian tribe under this Act shall be treated as non-Federal funds for purposes of meeting matching requirements under any other Federal law, except those administered by the Department of Labor or the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—The following provisions of law shall apply to plans approved under this Act: ‘‘(1) Section 314 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 104 Stat. 1959). ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 (commonly known as the ‘Federal Tort Claims Act’). ‘‘(g) I
NTEREST OR OTHER INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe shall be entitled to retain interest earned on any funds transferred to the tribe under an ap-proved plan and such interest shall not di-minish the amount of funds the Indian tribe is authorized to receive under the plan in the year the interest is earned or in any subse-quent fiscal year. ‘‘(2) P
RUDENT INVESTMENT .—Funds trans-ferred under a plan shall be managed in ac-cordance with the prudent investment stand-ard.’’. 
SEC. 15. LABOR MARKET INFORMATION ON IN-DIAN WORK FORCE. 
Section 17(a) of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416(a)), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘manner,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary, Indian tribes, and the Director of the Bureau of the Census, shall’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, by gender,’’. 
SEC. 16. REPEALS; CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R EPEALS .—Sections 15 and 16 of the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3414, 3415), as amended by section 2 of this Act, are re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Sections 17 and 18 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416, 3417) (as amended by this Act) are redes-ignated as sections 15 and 16, respectively. 
SEC. 17. EFFECT OF ACT. 
Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act— (1) affects any plan approved under the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.) (as so redesignated) before the date of enact-ment of this Act; (2) requires any Indian tribe or tribal orga-nization to resubmit a plan described in paragraph (1); or (3) modifies the effective period of any plan described in paragraph (1). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 228, the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Serv-ices Consolidation Act, is sponsored by my colleague from Alaska, Congress-man D
ONYOUNG . This bipartisan legis-lation would make the Tribal 477 Pro-gram permanent and make improve-ments to its administration. The 477 Program was established by Congress in 1992 as a demonstration program. It allows tribes to combine employment, childcare, and job train-ing funding from a variety of Federal sources and conduct consolidated, com-prehensive reporting. The 477 Program embodies tribal self-determination by allowing tribes to provide opportuni-ties tailored to the unique needs of their communities. The bill improves accounting proce-dures and reporting mechanisms to up-hold the original intent of the pro-gram, ensures that agencies treat tribes fairly, and sets a foundation for participants’ continued success. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman K
EVIN BRADY of the Ways and Means Committee and Chairwoman V
IRGINIA  F
OXXof the Education and the Work-force Committee for agreeing to help expedite consideration of this bill. I urge adoption of H.R. 228. I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 22, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I write concerning H.R. 228, the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 228 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree not to request a se-quential referral on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing formal consideration of H.R. 228, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, February 22, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : H.R. 228, Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017, was introduced on January 3, 2017. I understand that the bill contains provi-sions that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, and I thank you or allowing the Committee on Ways and Means to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee. Finally, to memorialize our understanding, I would be pleased to include your letter and this re-sponse in the Congressional Record when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your response and coopera-tion. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 27, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 228, the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015. Thank you for consulting with the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 228 on those matters within my committee’s jurisdiction and making im-provements to the legislation to address con-cerns. The Committee on Education and the Workforce will not delay further consider-ation of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my commit-tee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional in-terest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.005 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1330 February 27, 2017 
Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, February 27, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. D
EAR MADAM CHAIRMAN : H.R. 228, Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017, was introduced on January 3, 2017. I understand our staffs have been able to negotiate out text that is agreeable to you. Therefore, I ask that you allow the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill, so that this revised text for H.R. 228 may be scheduled by the majority leader. This discharge in no way affects your juris-diction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Education and the Work-force represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, to memorialize our under-standing, I would be pleased to include your letter and this response in the Congressional Record when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your response and coopera-tion. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Public Law 102–477 establishes what is commonly known as the 477 Program to foster employment and economic de-velopment in Indian Country. This highly successful program authorizes tribal governments to consolidate up to 13 different Federal grant programs into a single plan with a single budget in a single reporting system. Current participants in the program have significantly improved the effec-tiveness of the delivery of services in-cluded in their 477 plan, while lowering administrative costs. These cost sav-ings have been translated into more ac-cessible and available services for their communities. The Citizen Potawatomi Nation of Oklahoma’s 477 Program has been in place since 1996. Since 2010, the Nation has served well over 6,000 participants through the program. Of those who had employment as their goal, 47 percent achieved unsubsidized employment. H.R. 288 will build on this success by permanently authorizing the program, increasing the scope and availability of participating Federal grant programs, and setting a streamlined process for tribes to follow. b1645 I want to congratulate Chairman Y
OUNG for his tireless work on this leg-islation and for bringing together all of the stakeholders to address their con-cerns and find a workable solution. I supported this legislation last year, as it passed the House last Congress unanimously. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the legendary gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the sponsor of this legis-lation. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , and the ranking member for her work on this legislation. Much has been ex-plained about it. This is a good piece of legislation. I am not going to take a great deal of time, but it shows that we can work to-gether. The stakeholders got involved 4 years ago. We wanted to make this per-manent. We worked it all out last year and we passed it, and it got bogged down on the other side. It is a chance where we can show and take programs and put them together with tribes and have a better efficiency for the dollar we spend. If we do more of that in this Congress, we will have a lot better Congress and a better nation. This is a small minority group that has done well under these programs, and it is not a new law. In 1992, I was here when we passed it. We would like to see to fruition the work put to-gether by Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. B ISHOP , Mr. B
RADY , and Chairwoman F OXX. They all worked together with their staffs to put this, I think, excellent piece of legislation together to put to the voters on this floor, and I urge the passage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, my bill—the Indian Employ-ment, Training, and Related Services Consoli-dation Act—enables tribes and tribal organiza-tions to offer highly effective workforce devel-opment initiatives that uplift Native commu-nities around the country. We passed this bi-partisan legislation in the House by a voice vote at the end of last Congress, and the Sen-ate simply ran out of time to secure final pas-sage. H.R. 228 makes the Tribal ‘‘477 Program’’ permanent and improves its administration. The 477 Program allows tribes to combine employment, childcare, and job training fund-ing from a variety of federal sources and con-duct consolidated, comprehensive reporting. Participants have leveraged these advantages to develop and run innovative programs that have had a meaningful impact on thousands of Alaska Native and American Indian families. In addition, the efficiencies of the 477 Program save both tribes and the federal government money, time, and resources. Congress established the 477 Program in 1992 as a demonstration program. The Cen-tral Council of Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes in Southeast Alaska was actually the first in the nation to begin operating a 477 program and to this day continues to benefit from offer-ing services through 477. The 477 Program has a proven track record of success and allows for bold approaches to address significant education and training needs that exist in Indian country. This pro-gram is what tribal self-determination is all about. Tribes understand their members best and know how to use these tools for creating and expanding employment opportunities in their communities. My bill improves accounting procedures and reporting mechanisms to uphold the original intent of the program, ensure that agencies treat tribes fairly, and set a foundation for par-ticipants’ continued success. I would like to thank the members of the 477 Tribal Work Group who, over the last 4 years, have been stalwart advocates for this legislation and did not give up at the end of last Congress. I would also like to thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member G
RIJALVA , and their staffs for making this bill possible and working to move it to the floor quickly this year. Finally, I offer my thanks to Chairman B
RADY , Chairwoman F
OXX, Chairman G OODLATTE , and their staffs for their assistance with the legislation. I urge adoption of H.R. 228 today and en-courage the Senate to take up this bill as soon as possible. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This is an important program that deserves to be reauthorized. As we know, this bill passed out of the House last Congress without objection. I look forward to continuing to work with Mr. Y
OUNG at finding other pieces of legis-lation that we can work on on a bipar-tisan level. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my concerns with H.R. 228. While the legislation seeks to provide additional flexi-bility and support to Indian tribes—a worthy goal—I remain concerned that it could have the effect of weakening the services provided to families and children in Indian tribes. Currently, Indian tribes have the option to consolidate certain federal funding streams re-lated to work and job training into one grant. H.R. 228 includes a number of changes to this consolidation option and expands the number of programs that can be consolidated. The legislation could be interpreted in an overly broad fashion resulting in the inclusion of programs that may not be appropriate to in-clude—programs or services only ‘‘related to’’ job training, skill development, and economic development, or other related goals. Last Congress, the legislation was given a sequential referral to the Education and the Workforce Committee, on which I serve as Ranking Member. However, the legislation was not considered in the Committee and we have yet to assess its impact on education and training programs within our jurisdiction. Specifically, our Committee has an interest in ensuring that program funds are used for their intended purpose. Whether the TANF program or Head Start, adequate reporting and oversight protect beneficiaries and ensure the quality of services. For example, Head Start performance standards are vital to the success of the program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.009 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1331 February 27, 2017 
While I do not intend to oppose the legisla-tion, I encourage continued robust oversight of the programs impacted by this bill to ensure that quality and effective education and job training programs remain available to our na-tion’s tribes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 228, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOUNT HOOD COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 699) to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilder-ness in the State of Oregon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 699 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARI-FICATION AMENDMENTS. 
Section 1206(a) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1018) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘120 acres’’ and inserting ‘‘107 acres’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by inserting ‘‘improvements,’’ after ‘‘buildings,’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Mead-ows shall select’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Ex-change Clarification Act, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows shall jointly select’’; (ii) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘An appraisal under clause (i) shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided under clause (iii), an appraisal under clause (i) shall assign a separate value to each tax lot to allow for the equalization of values and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) F
INAL APPRAISED VALUE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), after the final appraised value of the Federal land and the non-Federal land are deter-mined and approved by the Secretary, the Secretary shall not be required to reappraise or update the final appraised value for a pe-riod of up to 3 years, beginning on the date of the approval by the Secretary of the final appraised value. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply if the condition of either the Federal land or the non-Federal land referred to in subclause (I) is significantly and substan-tially altered by fire, windstorm, or other events. ‘‘(iv) PUBLIC REVIEW .—Before completing the land exchange under this Act, the Sec-retary shall make available for public review the complete appraisals of the land to be ex-changed.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(G) R
EQUIRED CONVEYANCE CONDITIONS .— Prior to the exchange of the Federal and non-Federal land— ‘‘(i) the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows may mutually agree for the Secretary to re-serve a conservation easement to protect the identified wetland in accordance with appli-cable law, subject to the requirements that— ‘‘(I) the conservation easement shall be consistent with the terms of the September 30, 2015, mediation between the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows; and ‘‘(II) in order to take effect, the conserva-tion easement shall be finalized not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall reserve a 24-foot- wide nonexclusive trail easement at the ex-isting trail locations on the Federal land that retains for the United States existing rights to construct, reconstruct, maintain, and permit nonmotorized use by the public of existing trails subject to the right of the owner of the Federal land— ‘‘(I) to cross the trails with roads, utilities, and infrastructure facilities; and ‘‘(II) to improve or relocate the trails to accommodate development of the Federal land. ‘‘(H) E
QUALIZATION OF VALUES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), in addition to or in lieu of monetary compensation, a lesser area of Federal land or non-Federal land may be conveyed if necessary to equalize appraised values of the exchange properties, without limitation, consistent with the requirements of this Act and subject to the approval of the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPENSATION  
OR CONVEYANCES AS DONATION .—If, after pay-ment of compensation or adjustment of land area subject to exchange under this Act, the amount by which the appraised value of the land and other property conveyed by Mt. Hood Meadows under subparagraph (A) ex-ceeds the appraised value of the land con-veyed by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be considered a donation by Mt. Hood Meadows to the United States.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 699, the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clar-ification Act, was introduced by Con-gressman G
REG WALDEN and cospon-sored by Congressman E
ARL BLU-MENAUER to address an ongoing land exchange issue in the State of Oregon. In 2009, the Omnibus Public Land Management Act authorized a land ex-change in Government Camp, Oregon. This land exchange was supposed to be completed within 16 months of the en-actment of the legislation; however, this still has not occurred more than 7 years later. The long delay, primarily due to disagreements surrounding ease-ment terms, has frustrated local com-munities such as Mt. Hood Meadows and other local groups. This legislation, along with the Sen-ate companion, comes as a result of a mediation session held by the Forest Service in September 2015 to resolve longstanding issues between the agen-cy and the local community. Subse-quently, the parties released a joint statement that they arrived at mutu-ally satisfactory terms during the me-diation session. H.R. 699 updates the details and proc-ess for the land exchange to clarify issues relating to land appraisals and the parameters of a wetland conserva-tion easement on the Federal portion of the conveyance. This legislation also includes several technical provisions, including changes to conveyance condi-tions regarding wetland boundaries on the Federal land, reservation of a non-exclusive trail easement, and equali-zation of values of the exchange prop-erties. This bill was amended in committee last Congress to address concerns raised by the Forest Service, including clarifying language for the easement allowed in the bill and the length of time allowed for the Forest Service to implement this legislation. It is illustrative of the state of Fed-eral Land Management that the Forest Service has not already carried out the provisions of this bill. This bill pre-viously passed the House in September 2016, and it is my hope that the Senate will see fit to act on the legislation during this Congress. I appreciate Congressman W
ALDEN ’s continuous efforts to see this issue ad-dressed once and for all, and I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this bill. I urge adoption of the meas-ure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to be on the floor here this afternoon with my friend and col-league, Congressman W
ALDEN , who is going to talk at great length—maybe not, but he could. This represents, hopefully, the cul-mination of over 12 years’ work. Con-gressman W
ALDEN and I spent a good deal of time with stakeholders back in Oregon focusing on what needed to be done to protect the treasure that is Mt. Hood and the surrounding wilderness area. It culminated with a hike that we took around Mt. Hood—a 3-day camp-ing trip with Congressman W
ALDEN , his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.010 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1332 February 27, 2017 
family, our staff, having a series of meetings with people who cared about the work. It was, for me, one of the most memorable experiences I have had as a Member of the House, both in terms of the delightful experience we had enjoying that wilderness area, but also being able to focus on things that were concrete, that would make a dif-ference. This is the remaining piece. In fact, it was 8 years ago in the first hours of the first Obama administration that the legislation that we worked on as part of the Wilderness Act was signed into law. And as has been referenced by our friend from California, we have been here before trying to complete this last piece. The land exchange is necessary to be able to fully realize the benefits of the hard work of the stakeholders, to pre-serve the recreational benefits, to pre-serve the water, to be able to have a true win-win situation. All that re-mains is this little exchange. I know my colleague is frustrated, as am I, that we have to be back here again with a piece of legislation. I am hopeful, as it was in the past, the House will approve, that our friends in the Senate will follow through, and that, somehow, this time it won’t be a casualty in conference. It is important to be able to finish this land exchange to realize the potential of the hard work that people back in Oregon have done with us to be able to realize the benefit of this hard work. I actually will just stop at this point. I look forward to hearing from my friend. I look forward to making sure we get this across the finish line so that this important, bipartisan piece of legislation is finally enacted into law and that we have the Forest Service follow through on the last elements of this critical land exchange. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the author of this measure, whose dogged determina-tion has brought us within reach of re-solving this dispute. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker and Ranking Member T
ORRES , thank you for bringing this legislation to the floor once again. I want to elaborate a little bit on what my friend and colleague from Portland talked about. It was more than just a camping trip. It was 3 nights with backpacks, 4 days, 41 miles, and 9,000 feet of gain and loss in elevation. We went all the way around Mt. Hood, which is an extraordinary piece of Oregon, and we had a wonder-ful time. Along the way, we had our ornitholo-gist there; we had geologists there; we had biologists; we had advocates for wilderness and advocates for recre-ation. We were met by, I think it was, the Mazamas with watermelons. One afternoon, they hiked them up I don’t know how many thousand feet to share with us. It was really a kind of Oregon- way experience, because we all care deeply about the watersheds, the jobs, the recreation, the beauty, the incred-ible piece of the world we live in around Mt. Hood. It is my home area. I grew up around the Hood River. This land exchange has been a battle since the 1970s, in a sense, in that my community long ago said: We don’t want a lot of development up in this Crystal Springs watershed and in this very pristine area around the Hood River upper valley. It really be-longs around the corner of Mt. Hood, up in Government Camp where there already is development. This fight has gone on for years; and all sides came together, as we did in our legislation, and said: We agree. And so we said: Fine, we will put that in the bill. They worked it out with the For-est Service and everybody else, and then we said: Okay. They have done the heavy lift for the last, I don’t know, 30 years. Forest Service, you just make this transfer and do it in 16 months. That is what the law said. We are nearly 8 years later and this is still languishing; and, unfortunately, we are back trying again, because we are never going to quit until we are done. We are getting much closer. In fact, the law we passed back in 2009, Public Law 111–11, deals with this Public Lands Act. It said: ‘‘Deadline for completion of land exchange. It is the intent of the Congress that the land exchange under this subsection shall be completed not later than 16 months after the date of enactment of this Act.’’ Again, that was back in 2009. It is im-portant to protect this watershed. It is important that where development oc-curs, it occurs in the right places. We have always felt that way in Oregon. And, indeed, facilitating this exchange resolves a decades-long controversy and puts development where it belongs, protects a special area in the upper Hood River Valley that needs protec-tion, and finally brings certainty and resolution. I hope you all will come out and see it, or you can come over to the Energy and Commerce Mt. Hood Room which soon will have a beautiful photograph there of Mt. Hood at Lost Lake, and I encourage you to come over. When you are tired of that, you can come over to the new Crater Lake room in the En-ergy and Commerce Committee suites as well. I have discovered being chair-man of the full committee, you get to name rooms—at least briefly during your tenure—and show off some of the best aspects of your State. With that, Mr. Speaker, thank you for bringing this to the floor. I look forward to House passage, Senate pas-sage, and getting this puppy signed into law. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 699 clarifies the terms of the land exchange between the Forest Service and Mt. Hood Meadows, a privately held ski resort. The ex-change was authorized by Congress in 2009, but due to lack of clarity, here we are 7 years later and the exchange still has not been executed. Last year, the Forest Service and Mt. Hood Meadows engaged in mediation to resolve the issues that have held up the exchange. This bill is a result of that mediation, and its passage will ensure that, after 7 long years, the exchange will finally move forward. I want to thank the sponsors, Rep-resentative WALDEN and Representa-tive B
LUMENAUER from Oregon, for their hard work and commitment to re-solving this issue. Last year, this bill passed the House and Senate as part of S. 2012. Given all the positive momentum this legisla-tion has seen in recent years, I hope that we can get this bill across the fin-ish line as soon as possible and finally complete the land exchange. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers and yet an-other show of bipartisan comity. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 699. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1700 COLTSVILLE NATIONAL HISTOR-ICAL PARK DONATION SITE AMENDMENT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 863) to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 863 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AMENDMENT TO COLTSVILLE NA-TIONAL HISTORICAL PARK DONA-TION SITE. 
Section 3032(b)(2)(B) of Public Law 113–291 (16 U.S.C. 410qqq) is amended by striking ‘‘East Armory’’ and inserting ‘‘Colt Armory Complex’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.016 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1333 February 27, 2017 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 863 was introduced by Representative J
OHNLARSON of Con-necticut. Originally, the National Park Service was required to acquire 10,000 square feet of space in East Armory of Coltsville. This measure would allow the National Park Service to acquire that space within any part of the Colt Armory Complex in Hartford, Con-necticut. Coltsville was the home of Samuel Colt’s industrial enterprise, Colt’s Manufacturing Company. In Hartford, Samuel Colt developed the use of the assembly line and highly mechanized techniques. Colt’s Manufacturing Com-pany not only transformed the fire-arms industry, but it was a major con-tributor to the industrial revolution by pioneering the use of interchangeable parts and precision manufacturing. Colt’s success brought him fame and wealth. He became one of the 10 wealthiest businessmen in the United States, a pillar of the Hartford commu-nity, and was given the honorary title of colonel by the Governor of Con-necticut. This small modification to current law would provide the Park Service flexibility in selecting a location for park administrative offices and visitor services at the Coltsville site. A nearly identical bill passed the House last Congress by voice vote. I commend Representative L
ARSON  for his work on this legislation. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON), the bill’s sponsor. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative T
ORRES , Representative M CCLINTOCK , Chairman B
ISHOP , and Ranking Mem-ber G
RIJALVA for all of their hard work on this. As the chairman indicated, this bill did pass on a voice vote last year. Un-fortunately, our colleagues in the Sen-ate did not take it up last year. This year they have, and I am glad that it is before us again. This is truly a collabo-rative effort. Especially from a small State like Connecticut, I want to thank the larg-er States. We just heard two Members from Oregon talking about Mount Hood. In most of the national parks in the West, you could fit the entire State of Connecticut. I especially thank the committee for understanding the historic significance of Coltsville itself, and also the work not only of Samuel Colt, who gets most of the credit for a gun that was aptly named the gun that won the West, but of who it actually was brought to mar-ket by, Elizabeth Colt. Samuel Colt died in 1862 at the begin-ning of the Civil War. Of course, that gun and those weapons that they pro-duced also played a critical role in the North’s victory. Elizabeth Colt, however, continued the company. While she could not vote, she was part of what back then would have been a top 10 manufacturing com-pany in the entire Nation. They ended up being the first American manufac-turer to establish a plant abroad be-cause their production scheme was that great. She also established the concept of firewalls, which was important to a then-budding insurance industry in the State of Connecticut. She also came up with the concept of housing workers. A large number of immigrants who poured into the coun-try, who were skilled workers from all around the globe, but mostly from Eu-rope, who came to Hartford at that time, were able to settle in housing. The Park Service has been magnifi-cent in setting up and reviewing this. I thank James Woolsey, who is the park’s superintendent, but also the people in the area: Larry Dooley of Colt Gateway; the Church of the Good Shepherd; the Sheldon Charter Oak neighborhood groups; and, of course, the current mayor, Mayor Bronin; and Governor Malloy. Three other mayors have come before Congress and before the committee to testify on this bill, its importance, its significance, and its heritage. We are extraordinarily proud of this. I would be remiss if I didn’t point out the extra effort that Chairman BISHOP  put into this, especially his under-standing in grappling with a very small State like Connecticut and what one would consider, by National Park Serv-ice standards, a very small piece of his-tory with an enormous impact. Henry Ford came there to take a look at the assembly line techniques that were developed there. Pratt and Whitney were both interns there, which led to, in my hometown of East Hartford, the most incredible aerospace engines, the arsenal for democracy in the State of Connecticut, a company that went on to produce 70 percent of all the engines utilized in the Second World War. All this from Samuel Colt and, of course, Elizabeth Colt, who took over and became such an incredible philan-thropist. Hartford, at that time—because of all the manufacturing, including type-writers, bicycles, and even the auto-mobile—got its start there. It also led this incredible sage from Missouri to locate there, write, and publish books, named Mark Twain. So there is quite a story that comes, and it just demonstrates the value of manufacturing. We all know here and we talk frequently about value added, a four-to-one enterprise today. Beyond that, everything else—the ideas that it spun, the innovation that it spun, and the creativity—is some-thing that is very much worth cele-brating and remembering. I thank the committee in general for all of their hard work. I am thrilled with this. I know, having worked with Speaker RYANon a number of important issues, that he would be happy to know that AmeriCorps is also involved in the area as well. I thank the committee for sticking with this. It took over 14 years to get this passed. Now, with the passage of this legislation, it will officially open this spring. I hope the committee will come out, and we will plan a great celebration and welcome you there as well. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, certainly none that could match the detailed knowledge and eloquence of the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ). I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Congress established the Coltsville National Historical Park at the end of 2014. The law that established the park also authorized the National Park Service to utilize a 10,000-square-foot building, known as the East Armory for the purpose of park administration. However, during the planning phase for establishing this new park, local stakeholders and the Park Service have determined that the Colt Armory Complex is better suited for this pur-pose. This bill simply makes that change and authorizes use of the Colt Armory Complex. I support this simple fix to the ena-bling legislation that responds to the on-the-ground dynamics of this par-ticular park. I want to thank the ma-jority and my colleagues on the Nat-ural Resources Committee for expe-diting review of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) for his hard work on moving this bill forward. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 863. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure and look forward to taking Representative L
AR-
SONup on his kind invitation for the great opening. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 863. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.020 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1334 February 27, 2017 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
OPEN BOOK ON EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1033) to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative pro-ceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1033 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATION OF EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE PROVISIONS. 
(a) A GENCY PROCEEDINGS .—Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (h); (3) by striking subsection (e); and (4) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing the following information with respect to each award of fees and other ex-penses under this section: ‘‘(1) The case name and number of the ad-versary adjudication, if available. ‘‘(2) The name of the agency involved in the adversary adjudication. ‘‘(3) A description of the claims in the ad-versary adjudication. ‘‘(4) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other agency document mak-ing the award. ‘‘(5) The amount of the award. ‘‘(6) The basis for the finding that the posi-tion of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(f) The online searchable database de-scribed in subsection (e) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or court order. ‘‘(g) The head of each agency shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States, no later than 60 days following the Chairman’s request, all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of subsections (e) and (f).’’. (b) C
OURT CASES.—Section 2412(d) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing the fol-lowing information with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this section: ‘‘(A) The case name and number. ‘‘(B) The name of the agency involved in the case. ‘‘(C) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(D) A description of the claims in the case. ‘‘(E) The amount of the award. ‘‘(F) The basis for the finding that the po-sition of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(6) The online searchable database de-scribed in paragraph (5) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or court order. ‘‘(7) The head of each agency (including the Attorney General of the United States) shall provide to the Chairman of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States, no later than 60 days following the Chairman’s request, all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of paragraphs (5) and (6).’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 2412 of title 28, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this section’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘of such title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of this title’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall first apply with respect to awards of fees and other expenses that are made on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) O
NLINE DATABASES .—The online data-bases required by section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, shall be estab-lished as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but in no case later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1033, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I begin by thanking Representative D
OUGCOLLINS of Georgia and the Con-stitution and Civil Justice Sub-committee Ranking Member S
TEVE  C
OHEN of Tennessee for introducing this important government trans-parency legislation. Every year, pursuant to the Equal Access to Justice Act, the Federal Gov-ernment, through settlement or court order, pays millions of dollars in legal fees and costs to parties to lawsuits and administrative adjudications that involve the Federal Government. However, despite the large amount of taxpayer dollars paid out each year, the Federal Government no longer comprehensively keeps track of the amount of fees and other expenses awarded pursuant to the Equal Access to Justice Act, nor does the govern-ment compile and report on why these fees and expenses were paid and to whom these costs were awarded. This is because, in 1995, Congress re-pealed the Department of Justice’s re-porting requirements and defunded the Administrative Conference of the United States, the agency charged with reporting this basic information. The Administrative Conference was established in 2010, but the require-ments to report on fee and cost pay-ments have not been reenacted. Ac-cordingly, there has been no official governmentwide accounting of this in-formation since fiscal year 1994, over 20 years ago. This lack of transparency is trou-bling, given that the Equal Access to Justice Act is considered by many to be the most important Federal fee- shifting statute. Fundamentally, the act recognizes that there is an enor-mous disparity of resources between the Federal Government and individ-uals and small businesses who seek to challenge Federal actions. b1715 Congress enacted the Equal Access to Justice Act to provide individuals, small businesses, and small nonprofit groups with financial incentives to challenge the Federal Government or defend themselves from lawsuits brought by the Federal Government. As the Supreme Court has noted, the act was adopted with the specific pur-pose of eliminating for the average per-son the financial disincentive to chal-lenge unreasonable governmental ac-tions. But how can we know if the act is working well toward this end if we have no data on awards? Without the data this bill requires the Administra-tive Conference to compile and report, we have nothing more than anecdotal evidence as to whether the act is pro-viding some measure of relief to the fi-nancial disincentive to seeking judicial and administrative redress against the Federal Government. The legislation we are considering today will end this lack of trans-parency and restore the reporting re-quirements that were repealed in 1995. I want to, once again, thank Rep-resentatives COLLINS and C OHEN for in-troducing this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by echo-ing the praise that the chairman of-fered to Mr. C
OLLINS and Mr. C OHEN for their leadership on this important leg-islation which I support for several rea-sons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.022 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1335 February 27, 2017 
To begin with, it strengthens the Equal Access to Justice Act, a crucial law that has helped senior citizens, veterans, the disabled, and not-for- profit groups vindicate their rights against unreasonable or arbitrary gov-ernmental action. Now, as the chairman stated, under the so-called American rule, parties to adjudicative matters typically pay their own litigation costs, subject to certain statutory exceptions; and one of these exceptions is the Equal Access to Justice Act, which allows a party to be reimbursed for litigation costs when he or she is victorious against the Fed-eral Government under specified condi-tions. But if the U.S. can show that its posi-tion was substantially justified, or that special circumstances would make an award unjust, then the prevailing party is not entitled to be reimbursed for his or her litigation costs. In addition, only certain parties are eligible to be reimbursed for their liti-gation costs under the act, based on their net worth or tax exempt status, among other factors that are built in to the statute. Whether these restrictions still make sense is an open question, as Congress simply does not have the adequate in-formation to assess the continuing ef-fectiveness of the act. This is because there has been no comprehensive Fed-eral report on the total amount of fees awarded under the act since 1995, and, as a result, all we have is conjecture and extrapolation. Fortunately, H.R. 1033 addresses this problem by requiring annual reports on the amount of fees paid under the act to prevailing litigants against the gov-ernment. As a result of this legislation, Congress will know now, on an annual basis, the agencies required to reim-burse parties for their litigation costs; the claims that first gave rise to the litigation; and the amount of awards made under the act, as well as the basis for them. With this information, Congress will be in a much better position to assess the ongoing implementation of the act and the performance of the agencies as litigants. Another reason why I support this legislation is that it respects the pri-vacy interests of the parties who are reimbursed for their litigation costs pursuant to the act. Unfortunately, prior versions of this legislation were unnecessarily intrusive. Organizations, like the National Or-ganization of Social Security Claim-ants’ Representatives and the Para-lyzed Veterans of America, expressed their serious concerns that prior versions of the bill might ‘‘infringe the privacy of vulnerable people who have applied for Social Security and vet-erans’ benefits.’’ These are serious con-cerns, especially given the fact that the bill requires the information col-lected to be made available to the pub-lic and transparent through posting on the internet. As currently drafted, however, H.R. 1033 strikes the proper balance between encouraging transparency and respect-ing the legitimate privacy interests of parties that have been raised as an issue in the past. The bill specifically provides that the annual reports re-quired to be made publicly available may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law or court order. Finally, I support H.R. 1033 because it recognizes the important role that the Administrative Conference of the United States has historically played in helping Congress identify inefficien-cies among the Federal agencies and ways to save taxpayer dollars through the proper economies. I am particu-larly pleased that the current version of this legislation reflects various thoughtful suggestions shared by the Administrative Conference with our staffs. Given the excellent work and schol-arly analysis that have been the hall-marks of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States, I expect its report and its attendant findings will be an invaluable aid to Congress. As the Judiciary Committee is the authorizing committee for the Con-ference, I encourage our friends on the Appropriations Committee to ensure that the Conference has adequate fund-ing to implement this very important legislation. Like the Administrative Conference, H.R. 1033 requires only a modest in-vestment that will result in a very val-uable return for all Americans. Accord-ingly, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OL-
LINS), the chief sponsor of the bill, and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his tireless work over the last couple of Congresses in bringing this to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. I introduced this legislation with a bipartisan group of cosponsors to provide additional trans-parency and oversight of taxpayer dol-lars awarded through the Equal Access to Justice Act. I want to thank all of the original co-sponsors of this legislation for their support, but, in particular, I would like to thank my friend from Tennessee, S
TEVE COHEN , a member of the Judici-ary Committee. These are the kind of areas where we find agreement, and transparency is one of those. I want to thank him for his support and also the gentleman from Maryland as well, for his support of this. Additionally, there is one former Member I would like to thank, Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman Cynthia Lummis, for her leadership on an ear-lier version of this legislation. She is looking forward to bringing this to fru-ition. Current and past bipartisan support for this legislation demonstrates a con-sensus that we need to address this issue, and that Americans deserve to know how taxpayer funds are being spent. Almost identical legislation passed both the Judiciary Committee and the full House on a voice vote in the 114th Congress. This bill reinstates the needed trans-parency and accountability measures to ensure the Equal Access to Justice Act is helping individuals, retirees, veterans, and small businesses as origi-nally intended. Congress originally passed the Equal Access to Justice Act in 1980, to re-move the barrier to justice for those with limited access to resources it takes to sue the Federal Government and recover attorneys’ fees and costs that go along with those suits. The law was written to provide citizens with the opportunity to challenge or defend against unreasonable government ac-tions where they otherwise might be deterred by large legal expenses. To be eligible for payment under the EAJA, an individual’s net worth must be less than $2 million, or a business or an organization must have a net worth of less than $7 million, although the cap does not apply to certain tax-ex-empt organizations. The Equal Access to Justice Act was intended to address the David and Goli-ath scenario, where wronged citizens have to go to court and face the Fed-eral Government’s vast financial and legal resources. It is past time that we ensure this law is working for the citi-zens in need and for taxpayers alike. Payments of the attorneys’ fees come from the budget of the agency whose actions give rise to the underlying claim. While the original Equal Access to Justice Act legislation included a requirement to track payments and re-port to Congress annually, Congress and the agencies halted tracking and reporting of these payments made through the Equal Access to Justice Act in 1995. Since then, there has been no com-prehensive Federal report, and we are sorely in need of the oversight respon-sibilities which H.R. 1033 takes the steps to address. A GAO report indicated that, without any direction to track payments, most agencies simply don’t do it, and Con-gress and taxpayers are unable to exer-cise oversight over these funds. In fact, we have only anecdotal evidence about how much we are spending on attor-neys’ fees, the agencies paying out these fees, and what types of claims are being recovered. This is simple, com-monsense transparency that we are bringing forward today. H.R. 1033 requires the Administrative Conference to develop and implement an online searchable database to facili-tate public and congressional oversight over the Equal Access to Justice Act payments in both agency adjudications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.024 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1336 February 27, 2017 
and court proceedings. Agencies would be required to provide information re-quested by the ACUS for the develop-ment of the database, but, impor-tantly, the ACUS would be required to withhold information from the data-base if disclosure is prohibited by law or court order, the privacy that was just recently mentioned. The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act ensures that agencies are operating under the watchful public eye and that taxpayer dollars are being spent properly. Our Federal Government is too big, in my opinion, and I believe it needs to be downsized; but until we make that happen, transparency should be the minimum requirement. That is why H.R. 1033 is important. It is common sense, plain and simple. When the Fed-eral Government is spending money, Congress needs to exercise oversight to ensure it is being done the way the law requires. For most people who are facing a lawsuit against the Federal Govern-ment, it is a once-in-a-lifetime chal-lenge and a daunting suit to undertake, even if they are completely in the right. It is only fair that when the court rules in favor of an American in litigation against a Federal agency, the American should be permitted to recoup their legal costs from that Fed-eral agency. This act gave Americans the power to take on our vast and sprawling bu-reaucracy by removing barriers to jus-tice for those with limited access to re-sources. However, since the original re-porting requirements were halted by Congress, information on these pay-ments under law is severely lacking. This tracking will ensure the integrity and the purpose in which the Congress had set forth. It is past time we shine light on this issue. We owe transparency to the tax-payers who are financing the law, and we owe it to the citizens, the small businesses, the veterans, and the Social Security claimants, who rely on the law. H.R. 1033 represents a bipartisan agreement that transparency over pay-ments that were made under the Equal Access to Justice Act needs to be re-stored. The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act will help ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent as in-tended under this law. This will bring the transparency and accountability back to a program where it is sorely needed; and that is just as simple and plain as it can get. So I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman from Georgia has made a very powerful argument for a bipartisan push for transparency and account-ability. I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the time, and I appreciate the kind words that Chairman G
OODLATTE  and my friend, Mr. COLLINS , have tossed my way. We do get along up here, amazingly enough. People think that we all just fight all the time and we have nothing no common. There are some big issues that do divide us, and that is why you have competitive elections with two parties and two different debates. But most folks up here get along, and are friends, and we do have legislation that we can work on, and this is one of those places where Mr. C
OLLINS and Mr. G
OODLATTE and other members of the Judiciary Committee worked with me and others to bring this bill to the floor. The Equal Access to Justice Act will allow Americans to recover attorneys’ fees and costs when they win a lawsuit against the Federal Government. This will enable ordinary citizens, veterans, seniors, small business owners, advo-cates for clean air and clean water, et cetera, to fight unfair or illegal gov-ernment actions without fear of having to pay court costs and without fear of having attorneys’ fees that they other-wise might not be able to afford. The law has been a success. However, in 1995, an important reporting require-ment was removed from the law, and it made it harder for the public to see how much money the government had awarded. Our bill, H.R. 1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, restores the law’s tracking and report-ing requirements of payments awarded so the American people can have access to this important information. It will do this by requiring the group called ACUS, an acronym, which we have too many of up here, but this one is the Ad-ministrative Conference of the United States, a highly respected nonpartisan agency which was greatly championed by Justice Scalia, to post in an online database the fees and costs awarded in these cases. The database would also include the number and nature of the claims involved. The availability of this information will help keep the public informed and help Congress to conduct better oversight. I thank my Judiciary Committee col-league, D
OUGCOLLINS from Georgia, for his partnership on the bill. I would like to thank Representatives S
CHRADER  and C
OLLIN PETERSON for their support for this bill on our side of the aisle, as well as J
ASON CHAFFETZ , LIZCHENEY , P
AUL GOSAR , and R AUL LABRADOR on the Republican side, as well as Chair-man G
OODLATTE . And I would like to recall the work of our former colleague, Congresswoman Cynthia Lummis, who had this bill in the past, and we worked together to try to make it a bipartisan effort and pass it. She worked doggedly on the legislation for years, and I know that she will be pleased that we are building upon her efforts. And while she is no longer here, she is truly in a better place, Wyoming, I think it is, a nice place. I urge the House to pass the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. And I was pleased the Cats won. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I do not believe I have any speakers re-maining. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to recognize my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. As Mr. COHEN has pointed out, this legislation has been a model of bipar-tisan collaboration, and the work prod-uct shows the investment of both sides in it. So I want to salute everybody for their diligence in helping to craft this important legislation. The gentlemen from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), as well as our former col-league, the gentlewoman from Wyo-ming, Ms. Lummis, have cooperatively worked to effectuate a very effective, commonsense bill that will improve the accountability and the trans-parency of the Federal Government. This is a commendable accomplish-ment. Accordingly, I would ask all of our colleagues to join us in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the leg-islation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1033. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 31 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 699, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 863, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.025 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1337 February 27, 2017 
electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
MOUNT HOOD COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARIFICATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 699) to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilder-ness in the State of Oregon, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 1, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 100] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—14 
Barton Butterfield Crawford Ellison Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Lofgren Meng Reed Rohrabacher Rush Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1852 Mr. HIGGINS of New York changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 100. f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President shall immediately disclose his tax re-turn information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ sys-tem of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the execu-tive branch of government to the high-est standard of transparency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax His-tory Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax re-turn information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an im-portant baseline disclosure because they contain highly instructive infor-mation including whether the can-didate paid taxes, what they own, what they have borrowed and from whom, whether they have made any charitable donations, and whether they have taken advantage of tax loopholes; Whereas, disclosure of the Presi-dent’s tax returns could help those in-vestigating Russian influence in the 2016 election understand the Presi-dent’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, in-cluding debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, eq-uity interests, joint ventures or licens-ing agreements with Russia or Rus-sians; Whereas, The New York Times has reported that President Trump’s close senior advisers, including Carter Page, Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, and Gen-eral Michael Flynn, have been under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for their ties to the Rus-sian Federation; Whereas, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Interfax, a Russian media outlet, on November 10, 2016 that ‘‘there were contacts’’ with Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign, and it has been reported that members of President Trump’s inner circle were in contact with senior Russian officials throughout the 2016 campaign; Whereas, according to his 2016 can-didate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 fi-nancial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership stake in his businesses; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.029 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1338 February 27, 2017 
Whereas, the director of the non-partisan Office of Government Ethics said that the President’s plan to trans-fer his business holdings to a trust managed by family members is ‘‘mean-ingless’’ and ‘‘does not meet the stand-ards that . . . every president in the past four decades has met’’; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the U.S. Constitution for the express purpose of preventing fed-eral officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, according to The Wash-ington Post, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., has hired a ‘‘director of diplomatic sales’’ to gen-erate high-priced business among for-eign leaders and diplomatic delega-tions; Whereas, according to The New York Times, the President used a legally du-bious tax maneuver in 1995 that could have allowed him to avoid paying fed-eral taxes for 18 years; Whereas, the most signed petition on the White House website calls for the release of the President’s tax return in-formation to verify compliance with the Emoluments Clause, with 1,074,000 signatures as of date of this resolution; Whereas, the chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, and Senate Fi-nance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under,Section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Richard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Com-mittee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make public the confidential tax in-formation of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international af-fairs, tax reform, government con-tracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives shall, one, immediately request the tax re-turn information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for re-view in closed executive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as pro-vided under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives; two, support trans-parency in government and the long-standing tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from New Jersey to offer the resolution just noticed. Does the gentleman offer the resolution? Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, Mr. Speaker, I offer my resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
RESOLUTION  Expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that the President shall imme-diately disclose his tax return information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ system of checks and balances, Congress has a respon-sibility to hold the Executive Branch of gov-ernment to the highest standard of trans-parency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax History Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax return information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an important baseline disclosure/because they contain highly instructive information including whether the candidate paid taxes, what they own, what they have borrowed and from whom, whether they have made any chari-table donations, and whether they have taken advantage of tax loopholes; Whereas, disclosure of the President’s tax returns could help those investigating Rus-sian influence in the 2016 election understand the President’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, including debts owed and whether he shares any part-nership interests, equity interests, joint ven-tures or licensing agreements with Russia or Russians; Whereas, the New York Times has reported that President Trump’s close senior advisers, including Carter Page, Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, and General Michael Flynn, have been under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for their ties to the Russian Federation; Whereas, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Interfax, a Russian media outlet, on November 10, 2016 that ‘‘there were contacts’’ with Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign, and it has been reported that members of President Trump’s inner circle were in contact with senior Russian officials throughout the 2016 campaign; Whereas, according to his 2016 candidate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 financial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics at-torneys and the Office of Government Ethics, the President has refused to divest his own-ership stake in his businesses; Whereas, the director of the nonpartisan Office of Government Ethics said that the President’s plan to transfer his business holdings to a trust managed by family mem-bers is ‘‘meaningless’’ and ‘‘does not meet the standards . . . that every president in the past four decades has met’’; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was in-cluded in the U.S. Constitution for the ex-press purpose of preventing federal officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, according to the Washington Post, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. has hired a ‘‘director of diplomatic sales’’ to generate high-priced business among foreign leaders and diplo-matic delegations; Whereas, according to the New York Times, the President used a legally dubious tax maneuver in 1995 that could have allowed him to avoid paying federal taxes for 18 years; Whereas, the most signed petition on the White House website calls for the release of the President’s tax return information to verify compliance with the Emoluments Clause, with 1 million, 74 thousand signa-tures as of date of this resolution; Whereas, the Chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Committee on Tax-ation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under Section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Rich-ard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Committee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make pub-lic the confidential tax information of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest re-lated to international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it: Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives shall— 1. Immediately request the tax return in-formation of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for review in closed execu-tive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as provided under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives 2. Support transparency in government and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from New Jersey wish to present argument on the parliamen-tary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House? Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privi-leges of the House are ‘‘those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.’’ There is nothing more of a threat to the integrity of this House than ignor-ing our duty to provide a check and balance to the executive branch. To re-store the dignity of the House, we must use our authority to request President Trump’s tax returns and give the American people the transparency they deserve. The American people demand, Mr. Speaker, to know the full scope of the President’s financial background. Arti-cle I, Section 9 of the Constitution in-cludes a clause prohibiting foreign emoluments to the President. The Office of Government Ethics—I can’t stress this enough—has warned us about the President’s decision not to divest or set up a blind trust. And there is a need to fully understand the Presi-dent’s ties to Russia. The resolution I am offering can pro-vide the transparency to help ease the concerns of Americans across the Na-tion. The Internal Revenue Code in-cludes language laying out a path for the Ways and Means Committee to ob-tain the tax returns and review them in a respectful manner, and there is the precedent of that provision being used. Mr. Speaker, that decision to put this into the code in 1924 was a result of the very famous scandal of 1923, the Teapot Dome, from Teapot Rock, Wyo-ming, under President Harding. He died, unfortunately, and never saw the end of this scandal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:05 May 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\FEBRUARY\H27FE7.REC H27FE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1339 February 27, 2017 
People committed murder in this scandal. People sold off American re-serves in this scandal. So, they put it into the IRS Code for a very, very spe-cific reason, so the people have a right to know. A growing number of Members and Senators from both parties have been saying we should have the President’s tax returns. The House must dem-onstrate—and this is my deep feeling here, not as a Democrat, but as an American citizen, Mr. Speaker—we must demonstrate that its Members are listening to our constituents’ con-cerns. The House must demonstrate that it cares about protecting the in-tegrity of our government, of our Con-stitution, of our system of checks and balances. Let’s shine a bright light on the President’s conflicts together, to-gether, as we, as a Congress, and the broader American public can judge whether his decisions are being made for himself, his business interests, or for the greater good of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for your in-dulgences, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from New Jersey seeks to offer a resolution as a ques-tion of the privileges of the House under rule IX. In evaluating the resolution under rule IX, the Chair must determine whether the resolution affects ‘‘the rights of the House collectively, its safety, its dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.’’ As demonstrated by section 706 of the House Rules and Manual, a resolution providing an order of business, such as by directing a committee to meet and conduct certain business, does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the House. The resolution offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey directs the Committee on Ways and Means to meet and consider an item of business under the procedures set forth in 26 U.S.C. 6103. Accordingly, the resolution does not qualify as a question of the privi-leges of the House. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I ap-peal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the appeal be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 863. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 185, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 101] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Jones Sanford 
NOT VOTING—14 
Barton Butterfield Crawford Ellison Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Lofgren Meng Messer Rohrabacher Rush Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1927 So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COLTSVILLE NATIONAL HISTOR-ICAL PARK DONATION SITE AMENDMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 863) to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.033 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1340 February 27, 2017 
and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 369, nays 42, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 102] YEAS—369 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—42 
Abraham Amash Babin Biggs Blum Brat Bridenstine Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Conaway Davidson DesJarlais Flores Garrett Gibbs Granger Griffith Grothman Huizenga Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Loudermilk Marchant Massie Meadows Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Russell Scott, Austin Walberg Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Woodall Yoho Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—19 
Barton Bilirakis Butterfield Calvert Collins (NY) Crawford Ellison Gohmert Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Lofgren Meng Messer Rohrabacher Rush Welch Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1934 Messrs. TURNER and CLEAVER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-BRANCE OF KANSAS SHOOTING VICTIMS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night, heartbroken, with my friends and colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, to honor the life and memory of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, who was shot and killed last week in my district, as well as in support for Alok Madasani, who was injured, and Ian Grillot, whose heroism prevented this senseless tragedy from being much worse. I ask that my colleagues in the Chamber please join me for a moment of silence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Guests in the gallery and Members will please rise for a moment of silence. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, the man who perpetrated the attack in my dis-trict last week was filled with hate. He does not represent anything we believe in as Kansans and as Americans. Last night, our community sent the strong message that love will overcome hate. Thousands of concerned citizens in my district came together to support one another and our growing and vi-brant Indian community in this time of great tragedy. We showed the world that our diverse political and religious views are what make our community and our country great. Mr. Speaker, in addition to this mo-ment of silence, let us renew our com-mitment to treating each other with respect and embracing civility in our public discourse. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 998, SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT ARE UNNECESSARILY BURDEN-SOME ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 83, DISAPPROVING THE RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO ‘‘CLARI-FICATION OF EMPLOYER’S CON-TINUING OBLIGATION TO MAKE AND MAINTAIN AN ACCURATE RECORD OF EACH RECORDABLE INJURY AND ILLNESS’’ Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–20) on the resolution (H. Res. 150) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 998) to provide for the es-tablishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 83) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Con-tinuing Obligation to Make and Main-tain an Accurate Record of Each Re-cordable Injury and Illness’’, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIVE LIKE BELLA SUPERHERO 5K RUN/ WALK AND THE RUN, WALK AND STROLL 2K FOR CEREBRAL PALSY IN SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.036 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1341 February 27, 2017 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the members of my south Florida community who came out last Saturday to the Live Like Bella Superhero 5K Run/Walk at Zoo Miami. Live Like Bella works every day to fight pediatric cancer through medical research while offering much-needed support for families and caregivers. I would also like to recognize the Run, Walk and Stroll 2K for Cerebral Palsy that took place in the Village of Palmetto Bay, located in my congres-sional district, also on Saturday. This walk brought together patients, fami-lies, friends, and volunteers to shed light on how cerebral palsy can impact those afflicted and to provide much- needed assistance for therapy programs and special needs equipment. Live Like Bella and the Cerebral Palsy Walk are just two of the latest examples of south Floridians banding together to help others. 
f 
MUSLIM AND REFUGEE BAN EXECUTIVE ORDER (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my Republican colleagues to think about the message that President Trump’s Muslim ban sends to our young people. What the President is telling them is that our doors are closed, that the tired, the poor, the persecuted, and the oppressed are no longer welcome. I reject that message, and I am glad to say that I have heard from many young people who reject that message. I want to read from a letter sent by a middle school student from West Or-ange, New Jersey, in my district. Her name is Calixta. Calixta wrote: ‘‘Immigrants are basi-cally what America is made of. . . . Im-migrants work very hard in the coun-try, they get things done. These people fight for their lives.’’ I am glad that Calixta recognizes President Trump’s ban as a threat to American values, but I am concerned that other young people will see it and think it is okay to reject others based on how they look, how they worship, or where they come from. Mr. Speaker, the President’s ban is illogical, it is dangerous, and it sends a terrible message to the young people of this Nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RARE DISEASE DAY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rare Disease Day to bring widespread awareness to more than 7,000 rare diseases affecting 30 million Americans. These individual diseases may be rare, but their impact isn’t. On this particular occasion, I want to remember Chloe Barnes from Min-nesota, who passed away at the age of 2 from metachromatic leukodystrophy, or MLD. Her family founded Chloe’s Fight, a foundation that is dedicated to supporting research for rare diseases. There is no better person to honor and remember Chloe than her older sis-ter, Eva, who wrote an essay in Chloe’s memory. Eva writes: ‘‘My sister died when she was 2 and this is what happened. My parents were missing a part in their body. I was fine. But my sister Chloe didn’t make it. I don’t like talking about it. Because it makes me very sad. I only tell a few people that she died. She was very funny. I loved her so much. Her name was Chloe. She was very brave. My mom and dad are doing a foundation called Chloe’s Fight. Because every kid should have a chance to fight.’’ Mr. Speaker, we should not only re-member those suffering from rare dis-eases, but we should continue to sup-port initiatives to find new cures and treatments on their behalf. f 
SUPPORTING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, my guest for the President’s speech tomorrow is my constituent, Debbie Trueblood. Debbie reached out to my office to support the Affordable Care Act because she knows firsthand the difference the law can make in people’s lives. Debbie suffers from a rare, poten-tially life-threatening genetic condi-tion. The only treatments for the con-dition are a handful of specialized drugs that can cost more than $100,000 per year. Before the Affordable Care Act, Debbie could have been denied cov-erage because of her preexisting condi-tion, and she would have faced medical bills greatly exceeding her salary. Be-cause of the Affordable Care Act, Debbie is able to afford the treatment she needs to work, support her family, volunteer in her community, and be of service. Repealing the Affordable Care Act without effectively replacing it would rob millions of people like Debbie not only of their access to health care but also of their ability to contribute to our great Nation. 
f 
b1945 MOURNING THE LOSS OF AMERICAN LIVES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I first start out by mourning the loss of two Indo-Americans in Kansas, friends of all of us. As I left India last week, you can imagine the horror of hearing of this incident by a Trump sym-pathizer. We must stop the spread of hate. I want to say to them, this com-munity, and the people of India that we in America will stand by them, and we will stand against hate. I, too, want to add my mourning for a second time for the loss of the Navy SEAL who died in Yemen on January 28. I came to the floor some weeks ago to acknowledge my shock and concern about the precipitousness of this effort by the Trump administration in the first days of his administration. I join in asking for a full investiga-tion, the whys, the wheres, the neces-sity of doing this operation within days of the beginning of the White House term. We don’t take operations with our precious military souls lightly. It is important to be thoughtful and de-liberative. Certainly it is important to be ready. It is also important not to signal what you are doing. I under-stand that. But I can’t understand what hap-pened and the tragic loss of this great Navy SEAL leader. We need answers, and we need them quick from the White House. Give them answers now. Investigate now. f 
THE 2020 PLAN (Mr. CRIST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an innovative effort in my hometown of St. Petersburg, Florida. Known as the 2020 Plan, its goal is sim-ple: to reduce poverty by 30 percent in south St. Petersburg by 2020. The plan connects all aspects of society to pro-mote investment, create jobs, and sup-port families, and it is working. In 2015 alone, the poverty rate in the community dropped by 8.5 percent, compared to 1.6 percent nationally. This effort is truly inspiring. I salute the leadership of Gypsy Gallardo; the Pinellas County Urban League and its president Watson Haynes, my brother; the city of St. Petersburg; and over 100 grassroots community organizations that are working together to reduce poverty in this historically under-served community. Thank you and God bless you. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FORMER MINORITY LEADER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, ROBERT HENRY ‘‘BOB’’ MICHEL Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a resolution and ask unani-mous consent for its immediate consid-eration in the House; and, further, that it be read in full. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.038 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1342 February 27, 2017 
H. R ES. 151 Whereas the death of the late Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Rob-ert H. ‘‘Bob’’ Michel, on February 17, 2017, has created not only a personal loss to his family, his many colleagues, and friends, but also a great loss to the Nation; Whereas Bob Michel led a remarkable life, personally blessed with four children, eight grandchildren, and two great grandchildren; Whereas Bob Michel was born and raised in Peoria, Illinois; Whereas as a young man, Bob Michel joined the United States Army at the height of World War II, landing on the beaches of Normandy and fighting across Europe through the Battle of the Bulge, earning two Bronze Stars, four Battle stars, and the Pur-ple Heart for his wounds; Whereas Bob Michel returned home from Europe, graduated from Bradley University, and embarked on a career in public service that would span 44 years; Whereas Bob Michel was then elected to Congress, going on to serve honorably for 38 years representing Peoria and much of Cen-tral Illinois with great distinction, and was chosen by his colleagues to serve them as House Minority Whip, and for 14 years as the elected Republican Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; Whereas Bob Michel’s formidable legisla-tive skills were invaluable in enacting key initiatives of President Reagan and Presi-dent George H.W. Bush on behalf of the peo-ple; Whereas Bob Michel will be long remem-bered by all for his strong dedication to re-sponsible public service and his love of the people of the United States; Whereas Bob Michel conducted himself as a leader with a commitment to civil dis-course, personal dignity, political consensus, and adherence to fundamental human values; Whereas Bob Michel’s public service cul-minated in the award of the Nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom; and Whereas in the House of Representatives and in his life, Bob Michel’s uncommon de-cency and generosity of spirit were evident to all who knew and worked with him: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) honors the life, achievements, and dis-tinguished public service of Bob Michel; and (2) expresses its condolences to his family on his passing. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE BOB MICHEL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night to honor the life, career, and pub-lic service of Robert H. Michel, known as Bob Michel, former Congressman of the 18th District of Illinois and the longest serving Republican leader of the House of Representatives, who passed away earlier this month on Fri-day, February 17. He was 93 years old. This Thursday, March 2, he would have turned 94. He served in Congress in this institution from 1956 to 1994. To staff, friends, and colleagues, Bob Michel was more than a Congressman and House leader. He was a mentor and larger-than-life person. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to stand before you and our colleagues tonight to recognize the remarkable life of our departed leader and friend. Over the past week I have had the opportunity to hear testimony from friends, family, former col-leagues, and the public as they reflect on the reputation of Mr. Michel. Among the many stories that have been told, it has been mentioned time and time again the foundation upon which Bob Michel built his remarkable career and reputation. Throughout Mr. Michel’s 50 years in politics, he never wavered from his values of civility, un-common decency, and humility. Those values were instilled in him at the ear-liest age, rooted in his faith and family upbringing, and followed him through-out his life. Bob Michel was born to German and French immigrants in Peoria, Illinois, on March 2, 1923, to Anna and Charles Michel. Hard work and respect were re-quired among the Michel children. After dinner each night, it was manda-tory for the Michel household to read the Bible rather than go outside and play. The young Bob Michel was a product of Peoria Public Schools. Bob Michel didn’t come from a privi-leged background or a family that had money. He held numerous jobs, which played a formidable role in his upbring-ing, teaching him the rewards of hard work and accountability. His early jobs varied from mowing yards, delivering on two newspaper routes, working in a factory, a tailor shop, and a grocery store. Michel graduated from Peoria High School and attended one semester at Bradley University before enlisting at age 19 as an infantryman in the U.S. Army to fight in World War II. Michel landed in Normandy on the fourth day of the D-day invasion of Europe and fought his way across France and Bel-gium to the Battle of the Bulge. He was wounded in action and was discharged after earning two Bronze Stars, a Pur-ple Heart, and four Battle Stars. When we talk about the Greatest Generation, Bob Michel was a shining example of the Greatest Generation. Bob Michel would return to Peoria, Illinois, after the war to complete his business administration degree at Bradley University. He joined the a cappella choir there, where he would meet the love of his life, Corinne Wood-ruff. They were married for 55 years. It was immediately after graduation that Michel’s path into politics started after then-president of Bradley Univer-sity David Owen approached Bob to in-form him about a candidate by the name of Harold Velde running for Ever-ett Dirksen’s congressional seat. After interviewing, Velde hired Michel as a staffer. Years later, Michel would go on to replace Velde in the House after he retired, winning a contested four-way primary and defeating his Democratic opponent. Thus began the service of Bob Michel in the U.S. House, which would lead him to rise to the House leadership and serve a stint as minor-ity whip and eventually minority lead-er for 14 years. Throughout his rise in leadership, Bob Michel remained grounded to his district, never forgetting where he came from. Michel was masterful at building personal relationships and represented the gold standard for pub-lic service. That reputation derived from his commonsense approach and midwestern upbringing. This past Saturday, we laid Bob to rest in his hometown of Peoria, Illi-nois. Bob was remembered at that time and honored as an American hero, a tremendous public servant, a devoted father, husband, and friend. Mr. Speak-er, the life of this incredible statesman will never be forgotten, and the legacy he has left behind should serve as a re-minder for how we as public servants can continue our work moving forward. Again, I am proud to stand with my colleagues tonight as a successor to Congressman Michel’s seat and to honor our beloved friend, colleague, leader, and mentor. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ), the dean of our Republican delegation. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend, Congressman L
AHOOD, for having this tribute to-night. Bob Michel was a giant here in Wash-ington, and he left this world in a man-ner in which he probably would liked to have—without fanfare, without pa-rades, just going home. As was said, Bob Michel actually served in this House for 38 years. He loved the House of Representatives. He cherished this Chamber and he cher-ished this institution. He served as mi-nority leader for 14 years in, as he lov-ingly called it, the people’s House, in this institution he dearly loved. Few are left in this Chamber who ac-tually served with him. It is my hope that Minority Whip H
OYER gets to the floor, who served with him. I think S
TENY also tries to represent that era of time when there were people who disagreed without being disagreeable or who could work across the aisle. I look forward to hearing S
TENY ’s re-marks. Bob was known for his aw-shucks de-meanor and his baritone singing voice. I remember once at a Lincoln Day din-ner, when he was leaving and I was run-ning, and the people always wanted him to finish the Lincoln Day dinner singing ‘‘God Bless America.’’ Always. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.028 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1343 February 27, 2017 
It was mandatory. But his aw-shucks demeanor and his baritone voice should not distract from his keen legislative ability, where he steered the Reagan Revolution through this Chamber as the minority leader. As those of us who have served post-Bob Michel know, that is a difficult thing to do. Many times you would see Bob Michel wearing his CIB on his lapel pin. For those of us who served in the military, the CIB is one of the most treasured awards because it means he was an infantryman who served in combat. My colleague, Congressman L
AHOOD, relayed his service from Nor-mandy to the Battle of the Bulge, mer-itorious service awards, and wounded in combat. You can see Bob’s presence here in the Chamber. The Speaker’s Office is named the Bob Michel Room. Or go to Peoria—which I was fortunate to go to to attend the funeral—and you will drive across the Bob Michel Bridge. The funeral service was on the campus of Bradley University, and the student union is named after Bob Michel. Bob Michel loved baseball. As an avid player myself, we shared fond memo-ries. I pitched, he pitched. I think he won more games than I did. One flaw in Bob Michel’s character was being a Cubs fan. As a Cardinals fan, I was able to say that. But when all the cere-monies were going on with the Cubs winning the World Series, I finally found that a reason to be happy about the Cubs’ success is that Bob was alive to experience it. In fact, stories over the weekend said he stayed up to see the final play and the final out. There is a great picture of him on his porch flying the W. b2000 Bob was laid to rest in Peoria on Sat-urday. I remember one of the state-ments made at the funeral, ‘‘If Pekin is good enough for Senator Dirksen, then Peoria is good enough for me,’’ and there he was laid to rest. My thoughts go out to his sons, Scott and Bruce, and daughters, Robin and Laurie, and also Vicki, who, after Corinne’s death, became a loyal com-panion. I appreciate this time to reflect. I will end with: You get to meet some great people in this Chamber, and one of those that I will always cherish is my opportunity to get to know and be-come friends with Leader Bob Michel. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman S
HIMKUS for those beau-tiful words for Leader Michel. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ), who shares Peoria, Illinois, with me, Bob Michel’s hometown, and she was also at the funeral on Saturday. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I join with my Illinois colleagues, Mr. S
HIM-
KUS, Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. H ULTGREN , who will speak in just a moment, to recognize the life and the legacy of a great man who dedicated his life to service. For decades, the hardworking men and women of Peoria were proud to have Bob Michel fighting for them in the United States House of Representa-tives. And even though we were from opposite parties, I learned a lot from Bob Michel, who had been a friend of my family for decades. Like a lot of men and women from his era, Bob Michel believed in Amer-ica to his core. He believed in the mid-western values that have made our heartland a great place to live, work, and raise a family. Hard work, service, community, and working together to achieve a common good, these are the values that Bob Michel lived by. Bob Michel could have gone into business and become a wealthy man. He could have left Peoria for a big city. He could have done anything he set his sights on. But what Bob Michel did was he decided to give back to the commu-nity that had given him so much, and he gave a life of service. It was in 1956 that Bob Michel ran and won his seat representing Peoria and several communities across central Illinois. Even though he went to Wash-ington, Bob Michel’s heart was always in Peoria. He never lost sight of his profound responsibility to the people that he served. For nearly 40 years, he rose through the ranks of Republican leadership to become the longest serv-ing minority leader in our Nation’s his-tory. Even though I might not have agreed with him on every single vote that he cast, Bob Michel proved that you can disagree without being disagreeable. Over the last several days, I have heard from Members from both sides of the aisle about their memories of Leader Michel, and there are several things that we can all agree on. First, if Bob Michel gave you his word, you could always count on it. Second, if you had a good idea, whether you were a Democrat or a Re-publican, if it helped the families that he represented, you could count on his support. And finally, if he didn’t agree with you on something, well, you could probably count on a fight, but not a fight like we think of it today, cer-tainly not the kind of divisive, per-sonal, and negative partisan battles that have become far too common in Washington. Bob Michel didn’t believe in some-thing like that. He believed in healthy debate, grounded in mutual respect for both sides of the aisle; because, when it gets down to it, all of us are here with the intent of bettering the families that we serve, bettering the commu-nities that we represent, and, of course, bettering our Nation. That is what Bob Michel stood for, and it is why we as a nation come together tonight to mourn his loss. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand along with Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. S
HIMKUS , my colleagues in Illi-nois, in offering the heartfelt condo-lences of the entire U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to Leader Michel’s chil-dren, Scott, Bruce, Laurie, and Robin, as well as their families. The city of Peoria will always honor and remem-ber the life of service that Bob Michel gave. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman L
AHOOD and Con-gresswoman B
USTOS . It is so good to be here with my friends and colleagues to join in mourning the loss and cele-brating the rich life of Illinois’ own Bob Michel, who passed away this month at the age of 93. Bob absolutely embodied a uniquely American combination of decency, ci-vility, a commitment to public service, and a deep patriotism throughout his long life. Observers across the spec-trum agree Bob Michel defined public service and bipartisanship during his long tenure in Congress as minority whip and as minority leader. Bob seemed to be uniquely called to the legislature and the legislative proc-ess. A workhorse instead of a show horse, Leader Michel steadily pushed forward conservative priorities in the House under both Democratic and Re-publican Presidents. Building relationships across the aisle and promoting civility and debate helped move legislation through the House Chamber. To him, treating oth-ers with respect and care was essential to making deals and moving forward solutions to American problems. And he cared little if he obtained credit for his efforts. As commented in the National Review, Bob ‘‘made little noise, but made things work.’’ Bob was also a patriot. This son of Il-linois was a war hero who landed at Utah Beach at Normandy. During the war, he was wounded and awarded two Bronze Stars and the Purple Heart, among other recognitions. He now joins fellow Americans of that Greatest Generation whose humble and steady love for country carried us through dif-ficult seasons. I wish his family peace and hope dur-ing their time of mourning. He will be deeply missed. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
ULTGREN for those won-derful words for Leader Michel. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the minor-ity whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Peoria. Well, maybe not exactly Peoria, but Bradley University. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of the most decent, patriotic Americans with whom I have ever served in any legislative body. I had the great honor of being Bob Michel’s friend, the great honor of being his colleague, and the great honor of believing that what Bob Michel represented in this Congress was the best of us, the most decent of us, the most considerate of us, and deeply committed to his country and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.042 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1344 February 27, 2017 
respectful of those with whom he served, perhaps differing with them, but, nevertheless, deeply respectful of his colleagues. He and Tip O’Neill were good friends. They could argue their side and their policies vigorously but be the best of friends after we ad-journed that day. I thank my colleague from Illinois for leading this tribute, and I rise to join in remembering this great man, a great American leader, Bob Michel. Mr. Speaker, Bob’s entire life was given to service to his country. From his time in the Army as an infantry-man on the front lines of the fight for democracy in the Second World War to his long career in government, Leader Michel sought to make America and the world safer and to protect the American Dream for all of our people. Mr. Speaker, I did not want to lose the majority in 1994, but when we lost, I lamented the fact that Bob Michel did not become the Speaker of the House of Representatives. In my opinion, if he had, America would be a more civil place today and this body would be a more collegial body than it is. I want to congratulate the gentleman who represents Bob Michel’s district now, succeeding in that office, his fa-ther, who is a very dear and close friend of mine. All three of them rep-resented the best of that which Amer-ica hopes would serve it well. Bob Michel and I didn’t always agree on policy, Mr. Speaker, but as col-leagues, we worked together to reach consensus and achieve results. I re-member in 1989 when Tony Coelho and I were working to pass the House’s version of what would become the land-mark Americans with Disabilities Act. It was Bob Michel who saw how impor-tant this legislation would be and asked my friend, Steve Bartlett from Texas to work with me, from the Re-publican side of the aisle, to achieve a bipartisan version that could become law. That is how Bob Michel operated. This House would be a better House if we followed the example of Bob Michel. He saw a problem and looked for a way we could come together around a com-promised solution, not focused first on confrontation. His decency and friend-liness were as evident as his serious-ness as a legislator. As Republican whip and leader, he set an example of how to lead an effec-tive opposition based not on obstruc-tion, but on identifying ways to work together to achieve common goals. To that extent, and in so many other ways, as I have said, Bob Michel rep-resented the best of us. Now, Bob, Mr. Speaker, could be tough. He could be really tough. He knew how to defend his party’s inter-ests and advance its goals in the mi-nority. But Bob believed strongly that we who are sent here by our constitu-ents have, first and foremost, a respon-sibility to make policy, not to play pol-itics. And that is how Bob Michel served—by always, always, always put-ting country first. Mr. Speaker, I hope his example will be an inspiration to all who serve today. I join in extending my condolences to Bob’s children—Scott, Bruce, Robin, and Laurie—and the entire Michel fam-ily. I join the people of Illinois’ 18th District in mourning the man who was their champion for so many years. Illi-nois, this House, and our country lost a great light, but one, I hope, that will continue to shine through its reflection in those whom Bob Michel inspired. I was one of those. We will miss him. There aren’t enough Bob Michels. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Leader Hoyer for those warm words and inspiring words and heart-felt words for Leader Michel. It means so much for his family, for all of us in Peoria, and for all of his colleagues. I want to thank everybody here to-night from the Illinois delegation that spoke so fondly about Mr. Michel. When we think about the traits that he exemplified—integrity, sincerity, hu-mility, genuineness, and civility—that everybody talked about here tonight, I think it is also important to remember where he came from in Illinois. The congressional district that he represented, the 18th Congressional District, was the same district that Congressman Abraham Lincoln rep-resented from 1847 to 1849. It is also the same congressional district that Ever-ett Dirksen represented and that Bob Michel represented for 38 years, and you think about the values that they all exemplified, those strong mid-western values they never forgot. The other thing that is unique about all three is they were all buried within 1 hour of each other. Oak Ridge Ceme-tery, President Lincoln; Pekin Ceme-tery, Everett Dirksen; and this last weekend, Leader Michel in Peoria, Illi-nois. Bob Michel could have been bur-ied in Arlington Cemetery in a beau-tiful grave, but he chose to be buried next to the love of his life in Peoria, Il-linois. That says a lot about the person that he was. I think it is unique that, within an hour’s drive, you can go see all three of their graves, but I think it reflects the midwestern values that he had and those traits. b2015 The other thing that I just want to mention here in closing is that he served his 14 years as the Republican leader, the longest of anyone in this in-stitution as a leader of the minority party. But he also had a number of peo-ple that he mentored and tutored: from Jack Kemp, to Trent Lott, to Dick Cheney, to Newt Gingrich; people that served under him, and he mentored in their positions, and that should not be lost. Bob Michel was a conservative Re-publican, but the way that he went about the work that he did, his style of civility and treating friend and foe alike, and being able to work across party lines when he needed to made this institution a better place. We need more people like Bob Michel in public service. He is a shining example of what public service should be. I couldn’t be prouder to serve in the same congressional district that he represented for 38 years. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, he made us proud to be from Peoria, Illinois. He made this institution a better place. He made this country a better place by his service of over 50 years. Tonight we say: Mr. Leader, rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor former Congressman, respected mentor, and good friend Bob Michel. Bob was a war hero earning two Bronze Stars, the Purple Heart, and four battle stars. He was also one of the most respected mem-bers of Congress of all time. His 38 years of service in the U.S. House of Representatives and the incredible footprint he left on Central Illinois and this country will never be forgotten. Bob’s ability to reach across the aisle to make a divided government work for the peo-ple he represented was second to none, a trait we should all strive to emulate each day. Bob taught me that bipartisanship matters and working together to get things done is even more important in the polarized environment we have today. That’s where Bob Michel ex-celled and that’s the legacy I’m going to re-member. Finally, Bob taught me to be myself, to al-ways do what I think is right for my constitu-ents, and to not be afraid to go home and ex-plain why I voted the way I did. I was honored to attend Bob’s funeral this past Saturday, along with many others who knew and loved him. My thoughts and prayers are with his family. He will truly be missed. 
f 
CBC/SOCIAL JUSTICE MOVEMENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, the CBC chair, Mr. C
EDRIC RICHMOND , and myself have a great honor that I rise today as one of the anchors of the CBC, the Congressional Black Caucus’ Spe-cial Order hour. For the next 60 minutes I have a chance to speak directly to the Amer-ican people on issues of great impor-tance to the Congressional Black Cau-cus, Congress, the constituents we rep-resent, and all Americans. During this hour, as Black History Month ends in the next day, we believe it is important for this Congress and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.044 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1345 February 27, 2017 
for the people of America to hear about the great importance of grassroots movements, which have been the for-tifying effect of the civil rights move-ments and other movements here in this country, and have made this coun-try very great. At this time I would yield to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICH-
MOND ), the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, who will speak on this subject matter here on the floor. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, S
TACEY PLASKETT  from the Virgin Islands, for taking this assignment and making sure that the Congressional Black Caucus continues its conversation with America, and to inform people on issues that are impor-tant to us, and also reflecting on how important African-American history is, not just to us, but to this country. It is African-American history that made this country great in the first place. How our civil rights groups and people of the same kind, not nec-essarily the same color, came together to make this a more perfect union. So today what I wanted to do was ac-tually talk about some of the civil rights organizations that changed this country, made it better, made it pos-sible for me to be here, and compare and talk about some of the movements that we see today that are making some of the same differences for the next generation. It is just a shame that in 2017 we are still fighting the same fights we fought 50 years ago for voting rights, for equality, and all of those things. So when I say I want to talk about some of those organizations, I want to talk about organizations like SCLC, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference; or CORE, the Congress of Racial Equality; or SNCC, the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee. They all played an important role in launching grassroots movements that succeeded in ensuring more equality for African Americans. Sit-ins, bus boycotts, marches, voter registration drives, and other pro-tests—these grassroots movements spread across the South, including my home State of Louisiana. Let’s just talk about one specific in-cident. September 9, 1960, the Wool-worth store lunch counter in New Orle-ans closed early. What was the reason? Seven members of the Congress of Racial Equality, five Black students and two White students, decided to hold a sit-in demonstration to protest Jim Crow. This was the first-ever sit-in in the city. The seven students were like so many other students across the South at the time who were using nonviolent action to change the country. In fact, let me read their names because many of them I knew. In fact, one, Jerome Smith, who was a Southern University student the year before, is actually still on the battle-field in Louisiana not only coaching Little League, but fighting for crimi-nal justice reform and financial and economic equality. You also had Rudy Lombard from Xavier University, a freedom fighter; Archie Allen from Dillard University; Bill Harrell from Tulane; William Har-per, who was at LSU; Hugh Murray, who was also at Tulane; and Joyce Taylor, who intended to enroll at Southern University. Fortunately, unlike others who held sit-ins, these seven Southern students didn’t have milkshakes thrown on them. They were not beaten or blood-ied. The seven students sat down at 10:30. Six police officers were on hand to keep the peace and did not try to re-move the students. The students sat there determined for 2 hours. Because of the demonstration, Wool-worth blinked first. They decided to close early that day and they closed at 12:30, after the students had sat there for 2 hours. These seven students and so many other civil rights activists are the shoulders on which we all stand. Unfor-tunately, the fight for equality is not over. We see this most clearly when we look at our criminal justice system. To date, the organization Black Lives Matter has launched a grassroots movement that has succeeded in expos-ing police brutality and making it front-page news. The movement began in 2012, after the death of Trayvon Martin, who was killed by a neighborhood watchman on February 26, 2012. I would be remiss if I did not mention that yesterday was the fifth anniversary of Trayvon Mar-tin’s death. Black Lives Matter is focused on all of the ways Black people are disempowered by the State, including police brutality. In addition to expos-ing police brutality and making it front-page news, Black Lives Matter, like the organizations during the civil rights movement, has attracted a di-verse coalition of supporters. The reality is not lost on African Americans. As I mentioned before, two of the protesters who sat in at the Woolworth store in Louisiana were White. If you go back to Philadelphia, Mississippi, where they found the three bodies of the civil rights workers who were registering people to vote, you saw Goodman, Chaney and Schwerner— one African American and two White Americans—who stuck together fight-ing in justice. Dr. King said so eloquently: ‘‘Injus-tice anywhere is a threat to justice ev-erywhere.’’ So as we talk about our organiza-tions like SNCC, CORE, and SCLC, and we talk about Black Lives Matter, it reminds me of the time when Dr. King was sitting in the Birmingham jail, and seven—eight White religious leaders in the South criticized Dr. King, asking: Why he couldn’t wait. Why did he have to force the issue? And why, as an out-sider, he was down in Birmingham? Dr. King responded and initially said: ‘‘I don’t usually answer criticism be-cause I would be doing it all day, but because I believe you to be eight men of goodwill, I will take the time to an-swer.’’ I just want to read you an excerpt of his answer because I think it is so ap-propriate when we think of our groups that are coming up now. He said: ‘‘I think I should give the reason for my being in Birmingham, since you have been influenced by the argument of ‘outsiders coming in.’ I have the honor of serving as president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, an organization operating in every Southern state, with head-quarters in Atlanta, Georgia.’’ It then goes on to say: ‘‘So I am here, along with several members of my staff, because we were invited here. I am here because I have basic organiza-tional ties here.’’ Then he goes on to say: ‘‘Beyond this, I am in Birmingham because injustice is here. Just as the eighth-century prophets left their little villages and carried their ‘thus saith the Lord’ far beyond the boundaries of their home-towns; and just as the Apostle Paul left his little village of Tarsus and carried the gospel of Jesus Christ to prac-tically every hamlet and city of the Greco-Roman world, I too am com-pelled to carry the gospel of freedom beyond my particular hometown. Like Paul, I must constantly respond to the Macedonian call for aid.’’ So when you think of Black Lives Matter and other protests, the first comment is: We are outside agitators; why are they here? They are here because injustice is here. So all marginalized groups must stand together in the fight against in-justice. This was important during the civil rights movement and it is impor-tant now. In that spirit, African Americans fully recognize the importance of not only joining movements in support of their rights, but also joining move-ments in support of the rights of oth-ers. Standing Rock: Most recently, Afri-can Americans and others have stood with Native Americans at Standing Rock to protest the Dakota Access pipeline. The Muslim ban: We have stood with the Muslim community to protest the Trump administration’s controversial Muslim ban. Then there was the Women’s March, which was led by a diverse coalition of organizers and attracted millions of protesters across the Nation and the world to protest sexism and other gen-der issues. African Americans partici-pated in the march, including several members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Then we can talk about indivisible. African Americans and others have stood with their fellow constituents at recent townhalls to make sure that their Congressman or Congresswoman hears their voices on the Affordable Care Act and other issues. Some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\FEBRUARY\H27FE7.REC H27FE7bjneal on DSK30MX082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1346 February 27, 2017 
these exercises in civic participation have been inspired by the guidebook ‘‘Indivisible,’’ which, as the authors state, provides best practices on get-ting elected officials to listen. Then there is Moral Mondays with Reverend William Barber. It began in 2013 after the Republicans took over the Governor’s mansion and State leg-islature in the Tar Heel State for the first time in more than a century. On what was supposed to be the first and only Monday protest, Barber led a small group of clergy and activists to the State legislature to protest the State Republicans’ efforts to block Medicaid expansion, cut unemploy-ment benefits, and roll back voting rights. The next Monday, hundreds of protesters showed up, and hundreds soon became thousands. These protests became known as Moral Mondays, and they eventually spread across the South. So let me just say that from SCLC to SNCC, to CORE, to ‘‘Indivisible,’’ to Moral Mondays and Reverend Barber, to Black Lives Matter, people of like mind that fight for justice come to-gether. And that, we learned from the civil rights movement, and that is our contribution to date to Black History Month and celebrating that civil pro-tests and civil disobedience can change and make this a more perfect union. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I real-ly was moved by the portion that Mr. R
ICHMOND talked about concerning out-siders coming to organizations and coming to protests, and saying possibly that they are outsiders. No. We are all American, and we will join with other individuals in other areas that need our support and feel oppressed, and feel that justice has not been on our side. That has been the Black American experience. That is the American experience of civil pro-tests and working for a more perfect union. Mr. Speaker, I yield time to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ), who also wants to speak about, as we close Black History Month, some of the ac-complishments of Black Americans, of the Black movement here in the United States as we move to becoming a more perfect union, and how grassroots orga-nizations have played a part in that role. b2030 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Is-lands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for leading this Special Order hour on the topic of Black History Month. We have been doing this together and doing a really great job. I appreciate everything that the gentlewoman brings and the remarks she has made during this Black History Month time because it really is a time for us to re-flect about the gains that have been made, about the progress that has been made. It is also a time to see where we can make some improvements, where we can make our Nation a more perfect Union, as we really look at things and not pretend that certain things don’t exist, to really use history, use present day and see where we can come to-gether, form some public policy to really get the country moving forward and be inclusive for all people. I think that is so important. For a long time now, one of the areas—it has been talked a lot about when it comes to civil rights—is grass-roots and how those grassroots move-ments within the African-American community, particularly from a Black history perspective, really changed things here in our country. For a long time, African Americans have long fought for the right for a fair chance of livable wages, improvement of on-the-job conditions, and the abil-ity to provide basic necessities for our families, whether it was wages, fairness in working conditions. That was al-ways one of the rights that we fought very hard for. Access to these basic rights that I just mentioned and privi-leges would not have been possible without groups of dedicated organizers working together to fight on behalf of larger progress. The right to organize is not a new theory for change. Since reconstruc-tion, organizing has helped level the playing field for all and continues to drive much of our Nation’s progress. The weekends that we enjoy, a lot of people—particularly when I was grow-ing up in the Black community in Fort Worth, people looked forward to that end of the week. People looked forward to that getting-off time, that 40 hours a week. Those things were fought for. Those were gains that were made by sacrifice, by grassroots organizing. Much of that was done in the African- American community. We know that even around the issue of progress and labor issues that much of it was tainted by race. Organized labor has been such a big part of the advancement of the African-American community. Early on, there were some issues with some trade organizations that were established by White work-ers, and African Americans had a hard time gaining their footing in those areas. As a result of that, Black workers continued to push and organize. I think about one of Dr. King’s quotes. It is one of my favorite quotes that he gave that is not mentioned that often. He was speaking to a group of laundry workers in 1962. Dr. King said this to the laundry workers. He said: ‘‘As I have said many times, and believe with all my heart, the coalition that can have the great-est impact in the circle for human dig-nity here in America is that of the Negro and the forces of labor, because their fortunes are so closely inter-twined.’’ More importantly, when Dr. King gave that speech, he wanted people to know that, not only are professional jobs, white-collar jobs, important, but he wanted the people that worked in that laundry room to know that their job was important, too. He pushed for people, no matter whether they were garbage workers, sanitation workers, laundry workers, whatever they hap-pened to be in life, to make sure that they had certain basic rights and privi-leges that other groups in this country enjoyed because he knew that that was going to be the vehicle that was going to provide economic mobility, upward mobility for the African-American community. The very principle of economic op-portunity for African Americans laid the groundwork for the civil rights movement that Dr. King was such a big part of. And we know that that played a big part in Dr. King and what hap-pened during his death in 1968. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) knows that people like he and I would never be here, never have been able to be educated without people who worked in laundry rooms, who were blue-collar workers, policemen, others. Those gains from Dr. King have af-forded education and support and home ownership to the first group of Black Americans who moved into the middle class and are here in Congress now. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, so many people that I have memories of, some are still here and some are gone, but they really laid the foundation for a Black middle class. Maybe Granddaddy worked at the school and Grandmother worked at someone’s house or maybe they were fortunate enough to have two good labor jobs where they made union wages, but it laid that groundwork for the foundation that we have today. Dr. King was obviously a big part of that. Sadly, on April 4, 1968, he paid his life supporting the sanitation workers in Memphis, trying to push for them to have better wages. When Dr. King died, it wasn’t about trying to open up a restaurant to make sure that all people had access to that restaurant or some other place, to make sure that people could ride on the bus; it was to make sure that peo-ple had equal opportunity in this coun-try, again, equal opportunity for up-ward mobility, equal opportunity to be able to take care of their families. I just really appreciate everything that he did. We need to continue to mobilize and organize grassroots efforts around the income inequality in this country. The income inequality that we have in this country is very, very real. You see productivity rising in our country. You see companies recording record productivity, but wages are stagnant. There used to be a time in this country that wages would go up when productivity of companies went up, and we are not seeing that any-more. I think that is really, really sad. We need to organize around that be-cause all people need the opportunity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.047 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1347 February 27, 2017 
to be able to advance as the country advances and as industry advances. I think that that is a big part of that. Again, I thank all our colleagues that have come here tonight to orga-nize, to carry the torch. We need to continue to find different ways that we can use grassroots movements in this country, not just looking back and re-flecting on previous grassroots and events, but how we can learn from that history and how we can mobilize people today to better America, to better wages for all communities, for the Afri-can-American community, of course, as we celebrate and come toward the end of Black History Month, but Latino communities, White communities, peo-ple in the Rust Belt, and African-Amer-ican communities in places like Gary, Indiana, that really saw their fortunes hurt more than many other parts of the country. We need to get together and work on that. So I want to thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). I know we have some other colleagues who are going to speak here tonight, and I thank them for being a part of this day. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) to speak on the issue of grassroots organizations. I thank the gentleman for his leader-ship, all the work that he has done for the people of Philadelphia in his ten-ure. We welcome him here to the CBC hour and the information that he is going to share with us, as well as all Americans, on this topic. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, in 1976, the United States Government officially recognized Black History Month. Every February since, we take the time to reflect on the contributions Af-rican Americans have made to this great Nation. We stand on the shoul-ders of those who have paved the way not only for African Americans, but for all Americans: individuals such as Shirley Chisholm, who once was a Member of this body and the first Afri-can-American woman elected to the United States Congress; Congressman Parren Mitchell; Justice Thurgood Marshall; and my personal hero, Rev-erend Leon H. Sullivan, a civil rights leader and a social activist who under-stood jobs were the key to economic development and empowerment of Afri-can Americans. Reverend Sullivan had a very simple statement: ‘‘Don’t buy where you don’t work.’’ That is what Reverend Sullivan said: ‘‘Don’t buy where you don’t work.’’ Reverend Sullivan, who was on the board of General Motors, started some-thing called OIC, that we all know about, in 1964. I was 10 years old when Reverend Sullivan started OIC Indus-trial Center. Reverend Sullivan led a movement, a movement that 400 ministers led against a baking company in the city of Philadelphia called Tastykake. That is where he said: ‘‘Don’t buy where you don’t work.’’ That is a message that is still very relevant to where we are today. It is clear that we need to change the dynamics of this economic structure. Despite the strides that some have made in our country, we still have a long way to go to make our country a more perfect Union. Tonight, we want to ensure that those who have joined, specifically at the grassroots, in the quest for justice and equality under-stand that we are still fighting. Com-munities across our Nation are strug-gling, and we have to continue to fight against policies and actions that will negatively impact them, including the repeal and inadequate replacement of the Affordable Care Act. Constituents in my district rely on the Affordable Care Act heavily, and dismantling this law will be dev-astating and result in the loss of jobs. Those in my district want us to under-stand the hardships they are going through; thus, we must all ensure that we listen to the concerns of our com-munities. I personally made it a point to visit hospitals, attend rallies, visit colleges, and reach out to the community. I serve because it is my job. I was elect-ed to represent the people. We stand united with those at the grassroots movement who are fighting for justice for all. Colleagues, let’s continue to join with those who are pushing in the right direction, not just on Black History Month, but every month and every day and every moment. This is a rather unique opportunity in history, and we all can play a role in the change in the effort. I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Black Caucus and to be standing with my colleagues here today, pushing the message and the conscience of this country that we are still not finished. From those whom I just mentioned and the shoulders that we stand on, we still have a lot of work. I thank both of my colleagues for leading this effort and demonstrating it. I thank the chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus for his leader-ship. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), who is also a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, who for-merly led this Special Order hour and has been really a great mentor and sup-port for us here in this time. She will also speak about some of the grass-roots work that has been going on in the present time as well as in the past during this Special Order hour. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, some would conclude that Black History Month comes to a close because we are at the end of February, but the Con-gressional Black Caucus wants the Na-tion to know that we are prepared to share our agenda all year long. The Congressional Black Caucus comes to the House floor tonight to commemorate those brave men and women who came before us to fight for justice, equality, civil rights, and vot-ing rights for all. These are men and women who shaped our Nation in the hope it would one day become a more perfect Union for all Americans, no matter their creed or color. b2045 I want to thank our Congressional Black Caucus chairman, Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND , and our Special Order Hour coanchors, Congresswoman Stacy Plaskett and Congressman M
ARC V
EASEY , my classmate, for hosting to-night’s important discussion. Mr. Speaker, you see, I grew up read-ing about soldiers of justice like Fred-erick Douglass, Harriet Tubman, So-journer Truth, Nat Turner, Crispus Attucks, and so many more. Then, Mr. Speaker, I lived through the legacy of legends and civil rights leaders like Rosa Parks, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Coretta Scott King, Malcolm X and Betty Shabazz, Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, Maya Angelou, James Baldwin, and Fannie Lou Hamer, all heroes and sheroes that allowed me to stand on their shoulders, to stand with them to continue to fight for justice and equal-ity. Today, we stand up during Black His-tory Month, as 49 members of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, 49 strong, making our place in American history as African Americans, members like the iconic Assistant Leader J
AMES CLY-
BURN , who you will hear from tonight; Congressman J
OHN LEWIS; Chairman C
EDRIC RICHMOND ; Congresswoman M
AXINE WATERS , who serves as the ranking member on the prestigious Fi-nancial Services Committee; Congress-woman M
ARCIA FUDGE , the 21st na-tional president of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority; Senator K
AMALA HARRIS , the second Black woman to serve in the United States Senate; Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY , chairwoman of our healthcare brain trust; and so many more who serve in Congress, and who served as mayors of cities, mayors like Congressman E
MANUEL CLEAVER , Con-gresswoman B
RENDA LAWRENCE , and so many more. You see, Mr. Speaker, we are a part of that history. We are fighting. And so I tell you, I end with one of my favorite quotes by Martin Luther King, Jr.: ‘‘The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that we are in a challenging time with the new Trump administration, and so I say to you, we are fighting, we are uniting in a movement to fight for our democ-racy. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ), the assistant leader of the Democratic Caucus, for him to speak on the matter that is before the House at this time, that being, grass-roots movements in Black history and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.048 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1348 February 27, 2017 
its importance and relevance for us here today. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me and for the work she does with this Special Order. And I thank my friend from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ), for allowing me to participate. Mr. Speaker, thanks to the scholar-ship of Dr. Carter G. Woodson, and the perseverance of the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, we continue to lift up the con-tributions of and achievements of Black Americans. The celebration of Black History Month has its roots in Black History Week, established back in 1926; and be-cause of the urgings of Carter G. Wood-son, the week was selected to be the second week of February in order to embrace the birthdays of Frederick Douglass and Abraham Lincoln. Now, later, in fact, in 1969, students at Kent State University, after having experienced some turmoil on their campus back in 1968, as it took place on campuses in other places across the country—Jackson State in Mississippi, South Carolina State in South Caro-lina—students at Kent State decided, as a part of their redress, to expand the week to a month. So they, in 1970, cele-brated what they called Black History Month. Now, 6 years later, President Gerald Ford signed legislation creating Black History Month. When he signed that legislation, he said it was to honor the too-often neglected accomplishments of Black Americans. The Association for the Study of Af-rican American Life and History is en-trusted with the celebration every year, and it falls upon them to select a theme for each year. This year they have selected the theme which I think is very timely, ‘‘The Crisis in Black Education.’’ Having started my profes-sional career as a public school teach-er, I totally embrace this particular topic for this year. Throughout our history, especially post-Civil War history, there has al-ways been a focus on Black education. As we all know, slaves were not al-lowed to be educated, and, as a result, when the Civil War came to a close, there was this big push to get the former slaves educated. One of the leaders of that push was one of my heroes, Robert Smalls. Rob-ert Smalls, though he was not allowed to be educated himself because he was born into slavery, used his God-given intellect to study the currents of the Charleston Harbor and to study the whistles that were used on the ship that he was working on as a slave. He decided that he could, at some point, find his way to freedom. Because he learned those currents so well, and because he became very pro-ficient at studying the sounds of the whistles on the ships, one night, when the opportunity presented itself, he ab-sconded The Planter that he was work-ing on, navigated the waters out of the Charleston Harbor, picked up his wife and friends, and sailed them into free-dom. And when he delivered that ship to the Union soldiers, he was rewarded with his freedom and a cash award. Robert Smalls, after the war, went back to Beaufort and, in 1867, founded a school to educate the newly freed slaves. He also participated as a dele-gate to the 1868 South Carolina Con-stitutional Convention, and in that Convention, he authored and got passed a resolution that created the first free public schools for all in America. He turned his wealth—or his finan-cial reward into great wealth. And also, he became a very, I would say, successful politician. He served 10 years in the South Carolina Legisla-ture and a total of 10 years here in this House of Representatives. While he was participating in poli-tics, Robert Smalls authored a piece of legislation that created what is now South Carolina State University. Therein lies a part of my presentation I would like to concentrate on tonight. When South Carolina State Univer-sity was created—I want to first get people to understand, there are more than 100 Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the country. Now, there is a difference between—we com-monly call them HBCUs. There is a dif-ference between an HBCU and what we call an MSI, a Minority Serving Insti-tution. All HBCUs are MSIs, but not all MSIs are HBCUs, simply because the definition means that you must have been in existence before 1964. We have had a lot of Minority Serv-ing Institutions that have been created since 1964; to name just a few, Malcolm X College, Medgar Evers College. These are all Minority Serving Institutions. There are a lot of Hispanic Serving In-stitutions, but they are not necessarily HBCUs. The reason I point this out, because here in this Congress, in this body, cur-rently, 19 members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus are graduates of HBCUs. Now, the reason I point this out is because I think it is necessary for us to understand the role that these colleges and universities play in our so-ciety. I often spend a lot of time with friends, many of whom are graduates of HBCUs, and I knew Astronaut Ronald McNair very well. I have a good friend, a cardiologist, recently retired, David Dowdy. I also have a friend, a Cali-fornia businesswoman who I interact with quite a bit, Janice Howroyd. All three of these people graduated from North Carolina A&T State University. I have talked a lot with another former Member, Carrie Meek, a former Member of Congress; her son, Kendrick Meek; former Congresswoman Corrine Brown; and the chairman of the board of Microsoft, John Thompson. All four of these individuals are graduates of Florida A&M University, an HBCU. These are people who have made sig-nificant and are making significant contributions in our thrust toward a more perfect union. I came before this body several times the week before last highlighting some of the HBCUs that are in my congres-sional district. Of the more than 100 in the country, 8 of them are in South Carolina. Seven are in my congres-sional district. I talked about six of them when I came before this body be-fore. Tonight I want to close out my discussion of these HBCUs by talking about two of them, Claflin University and South Carolina State University, both located adjacent to each other in Orangeburg, South Carolina. b2100 Now, Claflin University was founded in 1869, by Methodist missionaries to provide education for newly freed slaves in order to prepare them for full citizenship. The university was named for William Claflin, then-Governor of Massachusetts, and his father, Lee Claflin, both prominent abolitionists and Methodists. They provided a large portion of the funds needed to purchase the land for the campus. Claflin is the oldest Historically Black College in South Carolina. In its beginning, it had a law school which was headed by former South Carolina Supreme Court Justice Jonathan Jasper Wright, the first African American to serve on South Carolina’s highest court. In 1948, under the leadership of its first alumnus to serve as president, Dr. John Seabrook, Claflin was accredited by the Southern Association of Col-leges and Schools. It has always fea-tured a strong music program, and the Claflin University collegiate choir per-formed at the 1965 World’s Fair in New York. Claflin graduate and Kingstree, South Carolina native, Dr. Henry Tis-dale has served as the university’s president since 1994. Under his leader-ship, Claflin has thrived and grown to new heights. He has built Claflin to an enrollment of almost 2,000 students and consistently seen it ranked in the top 10 nationally for HBCUs. In 1999, through funds from the HBCU Historic Preservation program by this body, the historic Ministers’ Hall was restored. The auditorium at Ministers’ Hall was named for former Chief Justice Er-nest A. Finney, one of Claflin’s most notable graduates. Finney graduated from South Carolina State’s law school and would go on to serve on the South Carolina Supreme Court from 1985 through 2000, including 6 years as Chief Justice. Early in his career, Ernest Finney represented the Friendship 9, a group of Rock Hill students who were jailed in 1961 for a sit-in in McCrory’s lunch counter. In 2015, Finney rep-resented the surviving eight members of this group to see their convictions overturned—54 years after they were originally prosecuted. Claflin is still affiliated with the United Methodist Church and offers multiple master’s degrees, as well as a highly regarded honors program. For 148 years, Claflin has been a beacon of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.050 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1349 February 27, 2017 
hope and a place of refuge for those who desired a quality education regard-less of race and/or gender. Mr. Speaker, the final HBCU in this series is my alma mater, South Caro-lina State University. South Carolina State University has its roots in the Morrill Acts, the first of which was passed by Congress in 1862. The Morrill Act of 1862 created land grant colleges, a system of agriculture, science, and engineering and military science schools. One of the schools established under this law was Clemson University. But after Reconstruction ended, South-ern States refused to admit African Americans to these institutions; con-sequently, Congress passed a second Morrill Act in 1890, which stipulated that Blacks must be included in the land grant system. Southern States had the choice to either admit Blacks to the 1862 institutions or create new land grant institutions which would be open to Blacks. In South Carolina, by the 1890s, White supremacists had gained total control over State government. Though the State was still majority African American, through illegal and violent intimidation, extreme voter suppression, and outright fraud, Ben-jamin Tillman was elected Governor in 1890. The Constitutional Convention of 1895 subsequently codified White su-premacy and the disenfranchisement of African Americans into the State’s sys-tem of governance. When the United States Supreme Court sanctioned seg-regation the following year in Plessy v. Ferguson, segregation was firmly the law of the land. This was the context for the found-ing, in 1896, of the Colored Normal, In-dustrial, Agricultural and Mechanical College of South Carolina, as South Carolina State was originally named. The State of South Carolina continued to resist but relented when land was acquired from Claflin University, and the campus of what is now known as South Carolina State University was born. It continues to be the only pub-licly supported HBCU in South Caro-lina. Now, I know, Mr. Speaker, that I have consumed a lot of time, and I don’t want to take all of the time from my colleagues, so let me just close by saying this: South Carolina State’s first president was a man named Thom-as E. Miller who served as a Member of this body. Thomas Miller guided the school for several years. Notable grad-uates of this institution are folks like Dr. Benjamin Mays, the noted presi-dent of Morehouse College. South Carolina State has a reputa-tion as producing more African-Amer-ican general officers than any other school in this country. I entered South Carolina State in 1957, and, of course, I was there during the turbulent sixties. It was my great honor to help organize the first sit-in in South Carolina. You talk about grassroots. That took place on March 15, 1960. Now, I was jailed as a result of that sit-in, but it just so happens that sometimes good things can come out of jail. While I was there, a young lady came to bring food. I was so grateful for that hamburger she gave me, I married her 18 months later, and if all goes well, come June 24, she and I will celebrate our 56th wedding anniversary. Now, when all of these cases took place growing out of these demonstra-tions and sit-ins, one stands out which I will close with. I mentioned Kent State in 1968, Jackson State, and South Carolina State. A lot of people have heard of Kent State. Few people know about the deaths of three students and the injuries of 27 others in an incident called the Orangeburg massacre that took place in 1968, all over the integra-tion of a bowling alley. Mr. Speaker, I am going to close my comments by thanking the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands for giv-ing me this opportunity and the gen-tleman from Texas and thank them very much for highlighting Black His-tory Month. Mr. Speaker, it is impossible for me to really share the real impact that schools like Claflin, South Carolina State, and the over 100 other HBCUs have had on our great country. But, as I conclude our observance of Black His-tory Month, I salute all of them and thank them for the indelible mark that they have made on the fabric of our Nation. Ms. PLASKETT. I thank you so much, Mr. J
AMES CLYBURN . There can never be enough time for you to tell these stories and to educate and high-light to all of us the experiences that you have had personally, as well as the importance of Black History Month, and particularly Historically Black Colleges and Universities to the fabric of the United States. Thank you so much, sir. Mr. Speaker, as we have been dis-cussing, often grassroots organizations are actually born out of necessity, not only because the system has not worked for them oftentimes, but some-times because the system has been cre-ated, has been reorganized, or is ac-tively fighting against them. Virgin Is-landers understand the importance and the value of grassroots organizations. It is our nature and our lifeblood. We are a small people on a small island who have a history that was born out of oppression. So the very need for grassroots organizations and people who are resilient and willing to resist and fight in a passionate manner has been our very nature. Our first experience with grassroots organizations was in 1733, on the island of St. John in the Virgin Islands, which is probably the first slave uprising in the Western Hemisphere where a group of 150 slaves decided that they had had enough, and those Akwamu slaves of Ghana decided that they were going to throw off the shackles and rebel and organize themselves. They were so ef-fective at it, Mr. Speaker, that they were able to hold the island of St. John for 6 months against the Danish Gov-ernment. The Danes had to organize in such a manner that they brought the French and the Swiss Government to provide assistance to them. The slaves of St. John were quelled after that re-bellion, but it took a grassroots group of organized individuals to be able to do that. Again, on July 3 of 1848, many people don’t know that the Virgin Islands be-came the second place in the Western Hemisphere to receive emancipation after Haiti. We did that on July 3, 1848, through the work of General Buddhoe. But what people do not know is that John Buddhoe had an enormous organi-zational group that plotted and planned for months before the actual staging of that uprising, which was so effective and so organized that when they went to storm the fort against an armed militia, the militia didn’t real-ize that all of the gun powder had been taken out of the cannons and had been replaced with molasses. The slaves were so organized and so quiet and kept to themselves so much that they didn’t even realize that it had been done. The Governor of Denmark who was assigned to the Virgin Islands had to sign the emancipation on that date be-cause he knew that this group of people were so organized that that rebellion could take the entire island out. So we received our emancipation earlier than the African Americans received theirs through that organization of grass-roots. Again, in October of 1878, the slaves had been moved not from slavery to slavery but to an organized serfdom where there were labor contracts that had to be signed. People were oppressed and living in what many here would understand as the sharecropping sys-tem but was really a serf system. Four women organized the labor rebellion at that time which we in the Virgin Is-lands call the Fireburn. They were willing to burn the islands down for just wages for themselves and laborers throughout the islands. They forced the signed contracts to have much bet-ter wage laws in them, much better terms in them for individuals. Those women were imprisoned and sent to Denmark—many of them burned at the stake for that rebellion. But it was grassroots organizations that were able to do that. More recently, in the 1950s, there was the creation of the Virgin Islands Labor Union, the organizing of cane workers and field workers. I am proud to say that my own uncle, Raymond Plaskett, was one of the organizers of that. They were able to force the sugar plantation owners, the sugar industry, to sit down and create unionized, col-lective bargaining labels. But we would be remiss as a people if we kept those organizational skills to ourselves, and we brought that to the United States as well. Many people know about Denmark Vesey who organized slave rebellions in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.052 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1350 February 27, 2017 
South Carolina. He did that as a free-man, coming from the Virgin Islands and understanding that oppression anywhere of anyone was an oppression of himself, and gladly laid down his life and gave up his freedom to help orga-nize the people of Charleston, South Carolina, that my great colleague, J
AMES CLYBURN , represents to bring freedom to those individuals. Hubert Harrison from the island of St. Croix was a civil rights activist. He was the mind of Pan-Africanism, along with Edward Blyden of St. Thomas, who gave form and shape to Marcus Garvey and his organizing of his Back- to-Africa movement. b2115 More recently, Roy Innis, another relative of mine, was one of the leaders of CORE, the Congress of Racial Equal-ity. Stokely Carmichael and Malcolm X are people of the Caribbean who have come to the United States and recog-nized that grassroots organizations must be formed to push for equal rights. The accomplishments of the civil rights movement have given us much. It created the momentum of the Civil Rights Act, Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, ended housing discrimination, the de-segregation of schools. We saw Demo-cratic political gains and the March on Washington. But we have organized groups still growing today, because equality has not come to its full fruition in Amer-ica. There is still income equality, achievement gaps, poverty, unemploy-ment, and an increase in the use of for- profit prisons that have incarcerated Black men disproportionately. Because of that, we have seen other movements now today: Black Lives Matter, found-ed in 2012 after the death of Trayvon Martin; Moral Mondays, which began in April 2013 by the Reverend William Barber II of Greenleaf Christian Church in Goldsboro, North Carolina, after the Governor’s mansion and the State leg-islature was taken over related to vot-ing rights. These are injustices that are con-tinuing today, which African Ameri-cans and others are standing up for, whether it be Standing Rock or the Muslim ban. We had the March on Washington and the grassroots group Indivisible, which has grown with Afri-can Americans and others who stood with their constituents at recent town-halls to make sure that their Congress-men and -women hear their voices on all issues of importance. Mr. Speaker, we understand that the people of the United States need to un-derstand the importance of grassroots organizations as we end Black History Month. This has been an outstanding time for Congress, as well as the people of America, to hear about the grass-roots organizations and how they may close. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the foundation of our democracy is built upon the strength of grassroots move-ments and our ability to organize. It is the will of the people—and not the will of a select few—that shapes our values as a nation. While leaders and institutions play an impor-tant role in our society, ultimately it is the peo-ple themselves who create the momentum to bring about the change that they would like to see throughout our society. The Civil Rights Movement is a definitive example of the importance of grassroots movement. The Civil Rights Movement re-shaped our society into one that affords equal rights and protection under the law for all Americans. But it was also a movement that began at the local level. From protests in Vir-ginia over Brown vs. Board of Education to civil acts of disobedience in Montgomery, Ala-bama, the success and momentum of the movement was driven by grassroots move-ments all across the United States. Without it, it is difficult to say what kind of country the United States would be today. The importance of grassroots movements remains clear as day, particularly in the 21st Century. The election of President Trump sparked countless protests across the country, while uniting millions of people globally as in-dividuals came together in opposition to his hateful rhetoric targeting minorities, women, and other vulnerable segments of the popu-lation. It is this momentum that has manifested into the Women’s March on Washington, which brought millions of people in cities around the world to march in support of human rights, racial equality, immigration re-form, and other progressive ideals. It was a dramatic statement of opposition against the perceived wrongs and violations in our society, and it will help shape the nature of discourse for many years to come. These social movements are crucial to our democracy. Grassroots movements serve as a counterpoint to injustice and help provide a medium through which we as a people can communicate our ideals. As we honor Black History Month, we must look to the struggles of our ancestors in order to inform our deci-sions of today, or else we are doomed to re-peat the same mistakes that already tarnish our history. 
f 
WEEK IN REVIEW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we are back in session. We were out of session last week. It was great to get all over east Texas. It is just good to be an east Texan and from around east Texas. I had occasion to talk to a whole bunch of folks from part of my district, even tonight. As I think about the headlines, I think about this group called Indivis-ible demanding townhalls, and I keep coming back to last Monday at Jack Ryan’s restaurant in downtown Tyler. Tyler Young Professionals had asked me to speak there. I knew the gen-tleman that had white hair and looked distinguished was probably not one of the Tyler Young Professionals but probably one of the Indivisible people, the Democrats that—yes, some of them say they are nonpartisan, but so much for that. But I knew when I called on him to ask the first question, he prob-ably wasn’t one of the Tyler Young Professionals. I offered to him, I said: Look, I give you my word. You come, bring some-body with you. Let’s sit down at a con-ference table and I will hear you out. I will give you a chance. No, he said. That is not what I want. I demand a townhall. So I keep coming back to that an-swer because that seems to make very, very clear this whole Indivisible move-ment. It is not about being heard. That can be best done, as the Founders real-ized when they put together the Con-stitution—a complete democracy is where you have mob rule, that a major-ity is always going to prevail; but they figured out that, far better than having a big mob rule so you don’t end up with lynchings and crowds convincing them-selves to do something dramatic that they would never, ever do individ-ually—it would be too much of a viola-tion of their conscience. But there is something about a group dynamic that people can get whipped up into a frenzy as a group that doesn’t happen when you sit down one-on-one with them. So this has never been about town-halls. It has never been about being heard. It has been about headlines, try-ing to intimidate some of us from keeping the promises that we made to our constituents before we got elected. I think God has a way of preparing us for what lies ahead. Had I not been a felony judge for a decade and been threatened by all kinds of felons, then I might have been at least somewhat intimidated. But it all seems rather in-teresting, this frenzy. Really good, de-cent people get in a group and get worked up into a frenzy. One of them did ask an interesting question there in east Texas on the east Texas Indivisible Facebook page: Well, what would be wrong with sitting down with him on an individual basis or something like that? That indi-vidual understood that, if all we want is to be heard, why wouldn’t we just want to sit down and talk. What that individual didn’t under-stand is Indivisible is not about being heard. It is exactly about what is in the Indivisible playbook, the Guide. The idea is to disrupt those who won with a majority of the vote in congres-sional seats and Senate seats, disrupt those who won with a majority and prevent them from keeping their prom-ises. It reminded me somewhat of what happened back when George H.W. Bush was President. He had run saying, ‘‘Read my lips: no new taxes.’’ I wasn’t in politics back when he was running and saying that, but I sure got involved in late 1991, I guess December, and in 1992. I guess that was back in the 1988 election. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.053 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1351 February 27, 2017 
It cost him the 1992 election because he kept saying, ‘‘Read my lips: no new taxes.’’ Then he had to deal with the majority of Democrats in the House and Senate. They kept luring, trying to suck him in: Come on, if we are going to reach an agreement, you are going to have to give up on that pledge just a little bit, just a little bit. We are not going to reach it. You are going to have to give up just a little bit. You are going to have to allow just a little bit of a tax. After enough cajoling, they finally convinced George H.W. Bush that they were not going to allow the bill to go through unless he had at least a little bit of a tax increase. As soon as they lured him into that—kind of sounds like something that happened in the Garden of Eden. But as soon as they lured him into it and he agreed to a very small increase in taxes, then im-mediately the cries became: You are a liar. You broke your promise of no new taxes. He got lured into it. He thought they were acting in good faith, when all they were trying to do was get him to break his promise so they could call him a liar. They lured him into it. They trapped him into it. He should have told them, ‘‘Read my lips: no new taxes.’’ But being a benevolent man, he thought they were acting in good faith, as he was, and he found out differently. It cost him the 1992 election. So we have people demanding: Oh, yes, just give us the townhall. That is all we want. Just give us the townhall. They know and most of us, thank good-ness, on my side of the aisle know, if we give the bullying mobs, what they are demanding when they are saying: We are going to harass you—as one man did—we are going to harass you at church, everywhere you go, until you finally give in, fine. No matter how big the mobs get, no matter how mean and frenzied they get, no matter how big of bullies they become, I know what I promised my constituents and I know what we have got to deliver. I am starting to hear from people on my side of the aisle: Well, maybe we shouldn’t repeal. Maybe we shouldn’t do what we did in 2015. Everything we did in 2015 was con-sistent with the rules that are in play right now. We ought to be able to do the same thing again. We should. We did it in 2015. We ought to be able to do it now—we just should—House Mem-bers and Senate Members. We had a majority both places then. We have got a majority now. We need to do it again. We don’t have to have this huge gov-ernment program as a replacement. That is the beauty of a free market. But in order to have a free market, you have got to have honesty and integrity in the system. That means nobody on my side of the aisle, nobody in the Sen-ate on the Republican side of the aisle, and nobody in the White House should be intimidated no matter how frenzied the insurance lobby may become about what we can’t do. Those same people embraced ObamaCare, which was about to de-stroy them. Some of them said: Well, you have got to understand we had to have a seat at the table. I tried to ex-plain, you don’t want a seat at the table when you are on the menu. But no, they dove in. Big Pharma and those folks dove right in. Now, I could understand AARP jump-ing in and endorsing ObamaCare even though it cut Medicare by $716 billion, even though it stabbed seniors in the back by dramatic cuts to Medicare. I could understand AARP endorsing ObamaCare. They were going to be able to sell more insurance than they had ever sold before. I had seen 1 year before—I think it was 2007 or 2008—they had over $4 mil-lion in profit, which is pretty good for a nonprofit, selling insurance or en-dorsing the policies that were sold. So, of course, then you get to the deal in ObamaCare that all these other poli-cies are going to have an extra 2 per-cent tax on them, but not the kind of policies you sell. I can understand AARP getting be-hind ObamaCare, even though it did so much damage to the health care of sen-iors because they were going to make a lot of money. No telling how much money they have made since ObamaCare passed. I couldn’t understand health insur-ance companies. I couldn’t understand Big Pharma. I guess I could, because they were going to make tens of bil-lions of dollars more in the short run than they had made in the past. That is why President Obama got them to offer to give billions of it back. You don’t get billions given back unless you are going to make a lot more billions than you put back. I am sure they did, but that was short term. If ObamaCare continued into the future, it wouldn’t be—probably within the next decade that you would see them heading to-ward their demise. b2130 But the big executives would be fine. They would have gotten their golden parachute and taken off with all the money that appeared to be rolling in at that point, even though the day of reckoning was going to come for them down the road. But we shouldn’t be listening to peo-ple who sold out knowing they will make money short term, but it prob-ably will destroy them long term. Peo-ple who were guided by the mentality that embraced that bill should not be dictating what is in the replacement plan. And I say plan, because when you are going to use free market to have a better healthcare environment, you have got to have free market; and you can’t have free market unless every-body knows how much things cost. I was seeing again tonight from con-stituents, people think they ought to know how much a medical visit costs. Whether it is Blue Cross, Aetna, Humana, Anthem, whether it is an HMO, whatever, they ought to know how much that costs, whoever is pay-ing for it. Whether it is the govern-ment—whether it is the Federal Gov-ernment, State government, whether it is an insurance company, people have a right to know what a medical visit, procedure, whatever it is—they have a right to know how much it costs. Only when we have truth in treat-ment are we going to be able to fix so many of the wrongs in health care. Then we can move toward a free mar-ket, where insurance will have a high deductible. This is the ultimate goal, I think, where you have a high deduct-ible, but you will have every dime of that deductible in a health savings ac-count either put in there by your em-ployer or by you. In a proper program, it ought to be every dime of it put in there pretax, no tax on that money that you put in there. I still believe that every dime that is put in there should then be marked for health care only. If the person owning that health savings account passes away before it is spent for health care, it ought to keep that healthcare designation and roll over into the heirs’ health savings account. And if there are not heirs or it’s not in the will, it could go to a charity’s health savings account, as I feel sure you would have every worth-while charity set up a health savings account that could be used to have peo-ple donate from their own health sav-ings accounts to help the poor, help those who are chronically ill. As a Christian, I believe God knew it blesses us, it helps us as individuals when we are charitable toward others. That does not mean when the govern-ment, with the threat of the IRS, some SWAT team behind them, or some threat to come take your home, all of your assets, says you will give so that we can give to who the government thinks should receive the charity—that is not charity. That is not charity at all. That is a much too powerful gov-ernment. What we find is that the United States has been the most charitable country in the history of the world. We have got a lot of benevolent Ameri-cans. Of course, that doesn’t include George Soros. He makes his money. It seems like one of the ways he makes money is if he can topple an economy, bring it down; and through all of the suffering that is brought about, he makes money. When we heard tape recordings made in the past year by people who were saying, ‘‘Oh, yeah, we funded the vio-lence at those Trump rallies,’’ or ‘‘We funded violence here, there or yon,’’ or ‘‘We funded efforts to help bring down this activity or that activity,’’ then it sure seems like that is worthy of inves-tigation, because what you have when you have people giving money to create violence at events, some people would call that basically a racketeer influ-enced and corrupt organization, RICO. It ought to be worthy of investigation. If people are giving money when they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.055 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1352 February 27, 2017 
should know that money is going to be contributed to create chaos, get some-body hurt, then it sure seems like that is the kind of criminal conduct people have gone to prison for. I hope our new Justice Department will continue its trend toward getting out of litigation that they never should have been in in the first place and get-ting in where there is corruption. We know under the Attorney General Eric Holder that as long as the people who were carrying billy clubs and threat-ening voters outside of polling places were Democrats, then certainly they did not need to be investigated, noth-ing needed to be done to them because they are Democrats. Apparently under that old Department of Justice that was just about them, just us, then as long as it is one of us, we don’t need to prosecute them. But, whoa, if it is a Republican, yeah, we need to go after them. But the great irony is there could be no greater dissolution of the right to vote when then loading the deck with people who have no right to vote, who vote and completely dissolve law-abid-ing people’s right to vote, you just can-celed out their right to vote with ille-gality. So it seems strange to some of us that you would have a Justice De-partment that would say: No, no, no, don’t you dare purge those records of the dead people. You have got to leave those dead people in. Some of those dead people may want to vote. It is im-portant to let dead people vote if they feel like voting. To have a Department of Justice that doesn’t want counties to clean up their voter registration so that there can’t be fraud, people that are dead, people that are living in other States or other voting districts don’t come and also vote there. It just was incredible law-lessness to have a Department of Jus-tice fighting against cleaning up voter registration rolls so that only people alive and living in that district could vote. Why would anybody do that? Why would anybody fight against cleaning up voter registration? The only reason I can think of con-ceivably would be they must still want people who are dead or don’t live there to vote illegally. What else could there be? I mean, there are some people willing to have the Department of Justice: We are even okay if you supervise to make sure we don’t throw out somebody who is alive. But this Justice Department under President Obama’s administra-tion, they didn’t want voter registra-tion rolls cleaned up. The lawlessness, thankfully, has come to an end. I know that there are people who have been stirring up fear in American hearts about Jeff Ses-sions, but Jeff Sessions is a good man. He is a good person. He will enforce the law fairly across the board, and I am grateful that we finally have a Justice Department that will be about justice. In the meantime, I saw this story today from Peter Hasson from The Daily Caller: ‘‘Leaked audio from an anti-Trump protest group meeting reveals activists with anti-Trump group Indivisible plot-ting how to best manufacture a hostile environment at a town hall with Re-publican Sen. B
ILLCASSIDY in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana. . . . ‘‘The audio, obtained by local radio station KPEL, reveals a coordinated ef-fort to create the public impression that Cassidy’s support for Trump is un-popular with his constituents. The ac-tivists, who describe themselves as lib-erals in the audio, can be heard strategizing how to best turn a local town hall into a political victory. ‘‘The activists split up into an ‘inside team’—tasked with occupying ‘as many seats as we can’ and an ‘outside team,’ whose job was to ‘give the media the coverage they want’ before joining the others inside. Activists were in-structed to dress like conservatives and leave at home ‘any signifier that you’re a liberal’ in order to blend in with constituents. ‘‘The leftist activists strategized how best to ‘dominate’ the question-and-an-swer section of the town hall and keep anyone ‘sympathetic’ to Cassidy from asking a question. ‘‘The audio also reveals the activists laughing about ‘the poor people of Breaux Bridge’—local constituents— who might get stuck behind them. Local news coverage of the town hall said that ‘many attendees were turned away’ from the town hall due to ‘capac-ity restrictions.’ ‘‘’Game plan number one is to fill as many seats as we can, right? If it’s all of us in there and the poor people of Breaux Bridge are sitting behind us, well then tough luck for them,’ said one organizer, identified by KPEL as James Proctor. His ‘poor people’ com-ment drew laughs from the other activ-ists. ‘‘‘If we can arrange it so he doesn’t hear one sympathetic question—great. That only magnifies our impact,’ Proc-tor said. ‘‘KPEL identified Proctor as the leader of Indivisible Acadiana, a local branch of the national Indivisible orga-nization, which has organized hostile Republican town halls all around the country. ‘‘‘The Indivisible Guide does say that when you start to lose the meeting, that’s when you boo and hiss,’ one un-identified activist can be heard saying. ‘Right, I was going to say that,’ an-other activist replied. Local news out-let The Advertiser reported that mem-bers of the crowd ‘frequently inter-rupted, expressing disagreement with some of Cassidy’s positions and shout-ing out their own questions.’ ‘‘‘The outside team will join the in-side team in the hall after media cov-erage’. . . . ‘So what we’ll do is we’ll try to dominate enough, because—re-member, the camera people especially are looking for some ‘b-roll’ and some quotes.’ ‘‘‘They’ve got three or four things to cover that day, this is just one of them’. . . . ‘So we make sure we give them the coverage they want, and then everyone breaks and goes inside.’’’ That reminds me of an article that was written in Gregg County, the larg-est newspaper. Obviously they know what Indivisible is, and they were de-manding a townhall belittling me. It just shows how partisan, how mali-cious. They showed their malice to-ward me repeatedly. Fortunately, for the people of east Texas, they don’t count for a whole lot. Their opinion is so biased; it is what it is. They know that these people are doing just what is talked about here, what is talked about in the Indivisible handbook, and that is what they want. They want me out of office, and there is such a problem with envy, with emotions that I have just never had like that. They can’t stand it. So, anyway, here is one, Todd Starnes from FOX News, today’s arti-cle: ‘‘A group of enraged protesters ex-ploded in anger after a chaplain prayed in the name of Jesus at a town hall meeting in Louisiana hosted by U.S. Sen. Bill Cassidy. ‘‘The verbally-abusive crowd’’—and it is talking about this same townhall that this tape came from, where they were plotting and planning to disrupt and to keep the people from Breaux Bridge from actually being able to par-ticipate in their own townhall. b2145 Anyway: ‘‘Louisiana State chaplain Michael Sprague and the unidentified Vietnam War veteran should be commended for maintaining their composure in the face of verbal barbarism. ‘‘The February 22, town hall meeting in Metairie, was quickly overrun by the angry mob—much like other town hall meetings hosted by Republican lawmakers across the country. ‘‘The mainstream media would have us believe the unruly demonstrations are part of an organic, grassroots ef-fort. ‘‘But I sincerely doubt many in the mob were actually residents of Lou-isiana—because I know the good people of Louisiana and nobody behaves like that in the Bayou State. ‘‘Folks are raised right in Cajun Country. There’s no way anybody would embarrass their mommas by act-ing the fool in public. ‘‘I’d be willing to bet a cup of Com-munity Coffee that the Jesus-hating rabble-rousers were shipped in from some God-forsaken place like Berkeley or Brooklyn.’’ Now, I don’t agree on Brooklyn. Anyway: ‘‘Chaplain Sprague had barely in-voked the name of the Almighty when the heckling began. ‘‘‘Pray on your own time. This is our time,’ someone shouted. ‘Amen. Let’s get on with it.’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.057 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1353 February 27, 2017 
‘‘Others chanted, ‘Separation of church and state’ and so on and so forth. Someone filmed the prayer and words do not do justice to the amount of hate directed at the chaplain. ‘‘‘I’ve never been shouted down throughout a time of prayer like that,’ Chaplain Sprague told me. ‘I’ve never been in a situation like that. It’s sad there wasn’t honor and respect for God.’ ‘‘But they became absolutely un-hinged when he concluded his prayer in the name of Jesus. ‘‘‘Wow, they booed the name of Jesus,’ Cassidy said in remarks re-ported by the Times-Picayune. ‘‘I thought several of the agitators were going to spontaneously combust. ‘‘The chaplain said the overwhelming majority of people in the room were causing a disruption—but he harbors no ill will toward the mob. ‘‘‘I’m not mad at people. My heart is bigger than that,’ he said. ‘My heart’s prayer is that everybody be treated with dignity and respect.’ ‘‘The chaplain was especially dis-appointed by how the mob insulted the Vietnam War veteran. ‘‘‘There was a lot of shouting. Some turned their backs. Many didn’t stand or put their hand on their heart,’ he said. ‘‘Infuriating, but not surprising. ‘‘As I wrote in ‘The Deplorables’ Guide to Making America Great Again’ liberals have a strong aversion to President Trump, Jesus and Old Glory. ‘‘But I still have hope in America.’’ And I share that. There is a lot to be grateful for, but one is not this article from CBN News in Jerusalem, Israel: ‘‘A Palestinian Arab terrorist con-victed of murdering two Israeli univer-sity students is one of the leaders of the feminist protest movement against U.S. President Donald Trump. ‘‘Rasmeah Yousef Odeh, a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, is helping to organize a ‘Day without a Woman’ on March 8, Arutz Sheva quotes reports in The New York Post and The Guardian.’’ In 1969, Odeh was sentenced to life in prison for planting explosives that kill people and is now out leading organized resistance to the President of the United States and to law and order. It is tragic. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 442. An act to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, February 28, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
628. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readi-ness, Department of Defense, transmitting the Annual Report of the Reserve Forces Policy Board for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 113(c)(2); Public Law 87-651, Sec. 202 (as amended by Public Law 112-239, Sec. 1076(f)(1)); (126 Stat. 1951); to the Committee on Armed Services. 629. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of General Herbert J. Carlisle, United States Air Force, and his ad-vancement to the grade of general on the re-tired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 630. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting notification that a public health emergency of national significance exists in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico relating to pregnant women and children born to pregnant women with Zika, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a); (116 Stat. 630); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 631. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-116, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 632. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-115, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 633. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 15-140, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 634. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-108, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 635. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-678, ‘‘Omnibus Alcoholic Beverage Regulation Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 636. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-655, ‘‘Elderly Tenant and Tenant with a Disability Protection Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 637. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-677, ‘‘Fair Criminal Record Screening for Housing Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 638. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-656, ‘‘Council Financial Disclosure Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 639. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-657, ‘‘Condominium Owner Bill of Rights and Responsibilities Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 640. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-665, ‘‘Regulation of Landscape Archi-tecture and Professional Design Firms Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 641. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-685, ‘‘Land Disposition Transparency and Clarification Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 642. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-676, ‘‘Death Certificate Gender Iden-tity Recognition Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 643. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-659, ‘‘Downtown Business Improve-ment District Amendment Act of 2016’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 644. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-687, ‘‘Advisory Neighborhood Commis-sions Omnibus Amendment Act of 2016’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 645. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-673, ‘‘Fair Credit in Employment Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 646. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-674, ‘‘Urban Farming and Food Secu-rity Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 647. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-686, ‘‘First-time Homebuyer Tax Ben-efit Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 648. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-666, ‘‘Washington Metrorail Safety Commission Establishment Act of 2016’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 649. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-668, ‘‘Uniform Electronic Legal Mate-rial Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93- 198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 650. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-684, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Clarifica-tion and Overtime Fairness Amendment Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27FE7.059 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1354 February 27, 2017 
of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 651. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-683, ‘‘Snow Removal Agreement Au-thorization Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 652. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-670, ‘‘Nationals Park and Ballpark District Designated Entertainment Area Signage Regulations Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 653. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-682, ‘‘Universal Paid Leave Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 654. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-679, ‘‘Office of Out of School Time Grants and Youth Outcomes Establishment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 655. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-680, ‘‘Bryant Street Tax Increment Fi-nancing Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 656. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-671, ‘‘Rail Safety and Security Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 657. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-675, ‘‘Fisheries and Wildlife Omnibus Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 658. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-667, ‘‘Stun Gun Regulation Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 659. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-672, ‘‘Collaborative Reproduction Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 660. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-658, ‘‘Vehicle-for-Hire Accessibility Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 661. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-664, ‘‘Specialty Drug Copayment Lim-itation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 662. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-662, ‘‘Chancellor of the District of Co-lumbia Public Schools Salary and Benefits Authorization Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 663. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-660, ‘‘Youth Services Coordination Task Force Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 664. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-661, ‘‘Medical Respite Services Exemp-tion Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 665. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-663, ‘‘Pharmaceutical Detailing Licen-sure Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 666. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-681, ‘‘District of Columbia State Ath-letics Consolidation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 667. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-669, ‘‘State Board of Education Omni-bus Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 668. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Annual Report for 2015 on Dis-ability-Related Air Travel complaints, pur-suant to 49 U.S.C. Sec. 41705(c)(3); Public Law 103-272, Sec. 41705(c)(3) (as added by Public Law 106-181, Sec. 707(a)(3)); (114 Stat. 158); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 669. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide as-sistance to military and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq for the purposes of countering the Is-lamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and securing the territory of Iraq, pursuant to Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (division C of P.L. 114-223), and with P.L. 113-219, Sec. 1236; jointly to the Commit-tees on Foreign Affairs and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1009. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to re-quire the Administrator of the Office of In-formation and Regulatory Affairs to review regulations, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–19, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 150. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 998) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, and providing for consid-eration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 83) disapproving the rule submitted by the De-partment of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’ (Rept. 115–20). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1009 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CHENRY (for himself and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 1219. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the defini-tion of an investment company; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. C
UL-
BERSON , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. N EAL, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K
ENNEDY , and Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts): H.R. 1220. A bill to establish the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the pro-visions of Public Law 107-62, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H.R. 1221. A bill to seek the establishment of and contributions to an International Fund for Israeli-Palestinian Peace; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H.R. 1222. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Mr. M CCAUL): H.R. 1223. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize an extension of exclusivity periods for cer-tain drugs that are approved for a new indi-cation for a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , and Mr. K NIGHT ): H.R. 1224. A bill to amend the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act to implement a framework, assessment, and au-dits for improving United States cybersecu-rity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1225. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Edwin Cole ‘‘Ed’’ Bearss, in recognition of his contributions to preserva-tion of American Civil War history and con-tinued efforts to bring our nation’s history alive for new generations through his inter-pretive storytelling; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey): H.R. 1226. A bill to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holo-caust era assets and related issues, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Ms. G
ABBARD , and Mr. T AYLOR ): H.R. 1227. A bill to limit the application of Federal laws to the distribution and con-sumption of marihuana, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27FE7.000 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1355 February 27, 2017 
the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 1228. A bill to provide for the appoint-ment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 1229. A bill to repeal Public Law 107- 40; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 1230. A bill to repeal the Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. D UFFY , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 1231. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish a program to increase the development of new drugs to treat pediatric cancers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: H.R. 1232. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require each Federal agency to maintain and preserve data assets of the agency, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 1233. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to establish an emergency flood activity pilot program to assist flood response efforts in response to a levee failure or potential levee failure, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. H
OLDING , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD ): H.R. 1234. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make certain contract research eligible for the research credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. B
ARR, and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 1235. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memo-rial Basketball Hall of Fame; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. S OTO, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 1236. A bill to discontinue a Federal program that authorizes State and local law enforcement officers to investigate, appre-hend, and detain aliens in accordance with a written agreement with the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and to clarify that immigration enforcement is solely a function of the Federal Government; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. L
AHOOD: H. Res. 151. A resolution honoring the life of former Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Robert Henry ‘‘Bob’’ Michel; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. R ENACCI , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): H. Res. 152. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that clean water is a national priority, and that the June 29, 2015, Waters of the United States Rule should be withdrawn or vacated; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H. Res. 153. A resolution expressing con-cern over the detainment of Sandy Phan- Gillis, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-ida, and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H. Res. 154. A resolution of inquiry request-ing the President of the United States and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to transmit certain information to the House of Representatives relating to plans to repeal or replace the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act and the health-related measures of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H. Res. 155. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of February 2017 as ‘‘National Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio introduced a bill (H.R. 1237) for the relief of Amer Numan Othman; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CHENRY: H.R. 1219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 1221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for this bill is pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 1222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 1223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which gives the Congress the authority to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Addi-tionally, under Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 which gives Congress the power to promote the progress of science and useful arts by se-curing for limited times to authors and in-ventors the exclusive right to their respec-tive writings and discoveries. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 1224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 1226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3 By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 1227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitution of the United States’, Ar-ticle 1, Section 8, Clause 3; and The Constitution of the United States’, Ar-ticle 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 1228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion, which grants Congress the authority to make laws governing the commerce among several states, including employment dis-crimination laws. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 1229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 1230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27FE7.100 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1356 February 27, 2017 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 1231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitution By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: H.R. 1232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 1233. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 1234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 1235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 1236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 1237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 33: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 38: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 99: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 111: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 113: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 160: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 184: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 227: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. K
IND, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 233: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 257: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 350: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
OMER , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H.R. 367: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 371: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 379: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 390: Mr. G
ARRETT and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 391: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 392: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. H IMES, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 412: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 417: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 421: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 448: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 449: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 525: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 544: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 547: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 548: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 553: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 564: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 620: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 625: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 632: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 635: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 656: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. A LLEN , and Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 662: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 669: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 686: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 708: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 721: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P
EARCE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri, Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. R OGERS  of Alabama, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 723: Mrs. L
OVEand Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 747: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. D ENT, Mrs. W AG-
NER, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T IPTON , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M AST, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 748: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 754: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 755: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 757: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. K
APTUR , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 760: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 770: Ms. D
ELAURO and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 772: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 781: Mr. S
HIMKUS and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 782: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 793: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 795: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 800: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 801: Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 804: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. L AN-
GEVIN . H.R. 807: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. T
ITUS, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 810: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 816: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 820: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. M ESSER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M
AST, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 822: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 824: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 831: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 837: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 846 : Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OLE, Mr. SARBANES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H ECK, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Ms. D
ELBENE, and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 852: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 873: Mr. G
ALLEGO and Mr. H UIZENGA . H.R. 907: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 909: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 925: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 947: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 949: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 966: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 980: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 981: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1001: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
OHEN , and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 1002: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1005: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 1017: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1031: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1057: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. H
UIZENGA , and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1069: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1078: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1090: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 1094: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 1098: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, and Mr. C UM-
MINGS . H.R. 1112: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1121: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. F
ASO, and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 1126: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 1148: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , H.R. 1150: Mr. C
OMER and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 1153: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1169: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 1170: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1188: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1200: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1205: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 1206: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1215: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.J. Res. 7: Mr. G
AETZ . H.J. Res. 59: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. L
ATTA . H.J. Res. 75: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. R ASKIN . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. H
UDSON and Ms. M
OORE . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K IND, Mr. R
OSS, and Mr. W ALKER . H. Con. Res. 28: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Res. 15: Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Ms. A DAMS . H. Res. 19: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 28: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. S
UOZZI , and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H. Res. 30: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. M AST, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. R OSS, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. P AL-
LONE . H. Res. 90: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 92: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, and Mr. G
OWDY . H. Res. 105: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. L OEBSACK . H. Res. 111: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. N EAL, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.016 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1357 February 27, 2017 
HUFFMAN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali- fornia, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S OTO, Mr. H IMES, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C RIST, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. R USH, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. L AN-GEVIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. S
HERMAN , H. Res. 124: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H. Res. 136: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 137: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mr. P ASCRELL . H. Res. 140: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H. Res. 142: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. L
ANGEVIN . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMS. FOXX The provisions warranting a referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.J. Res. 83 do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE7.020 H27FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1421 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2017 No. 34 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Infinite Spirit, maker of Heaven and Earth, we experience peace because of the knowledge that You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. May we continue to find rest and peace in You as You continue to be our help in ages past and our hope for years to come. Loose us from the changes that create cynicism, pessimism, and despair. Re-mind us of the foolishness of seeking security apart from You. Lord, bless the Members of this body. Help them in the making of laws to execute justice for the oppressed and to set the captives free. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Com-merce. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. (The remarks of Mr. H
ATCH per-taining to the introduction of S.J. Res. 24 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
ORDER FOR RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF  
THE CHAIR  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:55 p.m., the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the chair to prepare for Washington’s Farewell Address. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
PRESIDENT ’S JOINT SESSION ADDRESS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I wel-come the majority leader and everyone back after the first district work pe-riod of the year. Tomorrow night, the President will give his first address to a joint session of Congress. I will have more to say later this afternoon at the National Press Club about the first month of the Trump administration and what we can expect from the speech. For now, I will just say that if past is prologue, the President will come to Congress with a populist mes-sage in an attempt to cloak what has been a hard-right, anti-working person administration. His words are populist. He talks as though he favors the working men and women of America, but his actions are straight out of the hard-right play-book, which makes it easier for the special interests and puts greater bur-dens on the backs of the working class and the middle class. Every American should be looking at what this President is doing, not say-ing, because, thus far, the two have been vastly different. AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  
Now for the ACA, Mr. President. This past week, Republicans across the country in both Chambers were greeted in townhalls by angry constituents who waited in long lines and packed high school gyms, auditoriums, and commu-nity centers wall to wall to question their Republican representatives about their plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Americans are speaking loudly and clearly that their jobs, their hos-pitals—particularly rural hospitals— and their health care is on the line and want to know how Republicans plan to replace the law. On Friday, we saw the outline of the Republican plan. Like every single draft plan that Repub-licans have come up with, the outline we saw on Friday would raise costs and provide fewer benefits to average Americans and put the insurance com-panies back in the driver’s seat. Aver-age Americans under this Republican plan will get less, and they will pay more. Today, President Trump is meeting with the insurance companies about this plan. What happened to the Presi-dent we saw on the campaign trail rail-ing against the special interests? It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.000 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1422 February 27, 2017 
turns out that the special interests are getting their way at the expense of working Americans—less coverage, higher premiums, fewer sick people in-sured. My Republican friends listened to the outcry from their constituents: Don’t repeal the Affordable Care Act and re-place it with a threadbare health insur-ance plan that puts insurance compa-nies back in charge. Keep the law and work with Democrats on reasonable fixes. 
CABINET NOMINATIONS  
Finally, Mr. President, I want to comment again on the Cabinet. The three nominees the Senate will con-sider this week are similar to the rest of the President’s Cabinet in the num-ber of conflicts of interest they possess, their lack of confidence and expertise, and their hard-right ideology. The Cab-inet confirmation process has been like an assembly line of the least qualified and most conflicted nominees I have seen in my time in the Senate. Just yesterday, the nominee to be the Secretary of the Navy withdrew his name from consideration because he couldn’t disentangle himself from his massive personal business interests. He may have more integrity than some of the others who continued through the process with conflicts of interest hang-ing over their heads. The Secretary of the Navy nominee is 1 of 14 relatively high-level administration officials who have left, resigned or withdrawn their nomination in just the first month of this Presidency. That list includes the nominee for Secretary of Labor, Sec-retary of the Army, Secretary of the Navy, and the principal National Secu-rity Advisor. It is clear the Trump administration did not properly vet or carefully select these picks. With that in mind, the Senate should carefully scrutinize the nominees this week on the floor and vote their conscience. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, since Inauguration Day, the Senate has been slow making its way through con-firming Cabinet Secretaries. Demo-crats, it seems, have used just about every trick in the book to try to slow down the process. There are Democrats in the Senate who are delaying things even when other Democrats in the Sen-ate support the person who has actu-ally been nominated by the President. (Mr. YOUNG assumed the Chair.) Remember when President Obama took office, Republicans were far more willing to let the President have the team he wanted. He had won the elec-tion and was entitled to his Cabinet. We are now 39 days into President Trump’s term, and the Senate has con-firmed now 17 of his nominees—17 over 39 days. President Obama got 20 of his people confirmed in the first 9 days. It does seem the more the Democrats delay, the more the American people will see the Democrats are just being childish and spiteful. NOMINATION OF RYAN ZINKE  
One of the most recent people whom the Democrats have been delaying is Congressman R
YANZINKE. He has been nominated to be Secretary of the De-partment of the Interior. We have all heard about his qualifications for the job. His time serving the people of Montana in the State senate and in the House of Representatives is something that people hold up as to why he is qualified for this job. He is a Navy SEAL. He is an adopted member of the Fort Peck Tribes. He is a westerner. As a westerner, R
YAN ZINKE understands the importance of the position he has been now nominated to fill. Don’t take my word for it. Listen to Senator T
ESTER , Democrat from Mon-tana, who came to the confirmation hearing for Congressman Z
INKE and he said so. He said: ‘‘I believe it is very important for someone who knows the West to serve as Interior Secretary.’’ He was full of praise for this nomi-nee. Senator T
ESTER took the time to come to the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee and tell all of us on the committee about his support for Congressman Z
INKE to be Secretary of the Interior. He actually said: ‘‘I am honored to introduce Congressman Zinke to this committee.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘I trust that this Navy SEAL will shoot straight as they always do.’’ The Department of Interior manages an incredible amount of acreage and water resources. It is responsible for protecting thousands of species of ani-mals and plants. The person who heads up this Department has a very big and important job to do. We need someone in this job who can work with the peo-ple who are most invested in the good stewardship of our natural resources, and that is the people who actually live on the land. I believe that Congress-man Z
INKE will do exactly that. He will work with States and with commu-nities to find solutions that work for everyone, because America’s natural resources actually belong to all of us. He understands that Washington does not always get the answers right, and he certainly knows that when Wash-ington comes up with a one-size-fits-all approach, it can do real damage. Dur-ing Congressman Z
INKE’s confirmation hearing, I asked him about some of the policies that we have seen over the past few years that have been restrict-ing American energy production. He said he thinks the correct policy on en-ergy development is ‘‘all of the above.’’ Well, I agree. Do Democrats really object to using all of our options for creating the energy that we need to power our economy and our country? We should be trying to make Amer-ican energy as clean as we can, as fast as we can, and do it in ways that don’t raise costs for American families. I think Congressman ZINKE understands this. I think he will do all that he can to make sure that we achieve what we need, which is the right balance. Democrats on the committee actu-ally think so as well. His nomination was reported out of the committee on a strong bipartisan vote of 16 to 6. That is a significant bipartisan show of sup-port for the nominee. But the obstruc-tionists on the other side should listen to their colleagues and give up the de-laying tactics and senseless obstruc-tion that is ongoing. 
NOMINATION OF RICK PERRY  
There is one other nomination I would like to mention today, and that is the nomination of Gov. Rick Perry to be Secretary of Energy. Once again, we have a nominee who is totally qualified to lead the Department. Democrats have no real objection to the candidate. They just want to delay. We need to have an Energy Secretary in place as soon as possible. Again, this was the nominee who drew bipartisan praise in his confirmation hearings. For his nomination, again, there was a bipartisan vote in the committee—a strong vote of 16 to 7. Senator J
OEMANCHIN , a member of the Democratic leadership, actually in-troduced Governor Perry at the hear-ing. He said that Rick Perry is ‘‘uniquely qualified to hold this posi-tion.’’ Senator M
ANCHIN praised the nominee’s ability to work across the aisle to get things done. That is impor-tant. It is important in a Cabinet Sec-retary, and it is important for all of us here in the Senate. I appreciate Sen-ator M
ANCHIN and the other Democrats who reached across the aisle and have supported Rick Perry’s nomination. They are willing to put aside the petty calls for gridlock that some of the other Members of their party have been making. I mention the importance of having a responsible all-of-the-above energy pol-icy. This includes energy sources such as liquefied natural gas. The problem right now is that the Energy Depart-ment has a very large backlog of per-mits to export this gas. These are per-mits where all of the environmental re-views have already been completed. Still, permits haven’t been issued. The Energy Department has just been sit-ting on the permits. Bipartisan majori-ties in Congress have said that we need to speed up this permitting process. It is time for us to have a new Energy Secretary in office today to start tack-ling this backlog. That is something we need this Department to do. There is no need or reason for delay. Governor Perry knows how to get this Department focused, how to get it moving, and how to make sure it is doing its job. There are reasonable and responsible Democrats here in the Sen-ate who agree that doing the job is more important than just trying to run 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.004 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1423 February 27, 2017 
out the clock. Governor Perry and Con-gressman Z
INKE have been nominated to do important jobs for the American people. They are qualified. They are ready. We need them in office to do these jobs now. There is bipartisan sup-port. We need to vote not some day in the future; we need to vote now. The President deserves to have his Cabinet. He needs them in place. It is regrettable that a group of Democrats have decided to stand in the way of what is best for the American people— deliberate obstruction. So I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stop the charade and stop the delays. It is time for us to vote on these nominations. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise today to oppose President Trump’s nomination of Wilbur Ross for Sec-retary of Commerce. Mr. Ross is a Wall Street billionaire with a long history of profiting from the suffering of oth-ers. He also has shady ties to Vladimir Putin’s Russia. That is just his record. Because of that record, I do not have confidence that he will protect the in-terests of the American people as Sec-retary of Commerce. This administration’s disturbing ties to Russia have been all over the news. Here is what has been publicly reported as of today. Our intelligence agencies have con-cluded that the Russian Government conducted a successful series of cyber attacks against the United States de-signed to help Donald Trump get elect-ed President. Our intelligence agencies are actively examining a dossier alleg-ing that the Russian Government has collected compromising information on President Trump, and numerous press reports indicate that investigators have already corroborated some of that dossier’s contents. The President’s National Security Advisor resigned in disgrace and is the subject of an FBI counterintelligence investigation for his conversations with the Russian Government before the inauguration, conversations that may have been illegal and conversa-tions that he has apparently lied about in public. Knowingly or unknowingly, the Vice President of the United States has re-peated these lies on national tele-vision. According to CNN, high-level advisers close to then-Presidential nominee Donald Trump were in con-stant communication during the cam-paign with Russians known to U.S. in-telligence. CNN confirmed the New York Times’ original investigation with ‘‘multiple current and former intelligence law en-forcement and administration offi-cials.’’ Our allies documented regular calls between the Trump campaign and the Russians, confirming the reports of U.S. intelligence agencies. According to reports published in Newsweek, ‘‘the British government obtained informa-tion that people acting on behalf of Russia were in contact with members of the Trump campaign.’’ Many news outlets have reported on U.S. intelligence worries that NATO al-lies will no longer share sensitive in-formation because they fear the new administration could share it with Russia. When asked about the regular points of contact between Russian in-telligence operatives and his most sen-ior campaign staff, President Trump refused to take the question seriously. He claimed the multiple reports of staff communications with Russian were ‘‘fake news.’’ Behind the scenes, Trump’s chief of staff was pressuring the FBI to help cover up the links between Russia and the Trump campaign. We are 1 month into the Trump Presidency. I wish this were not happening. I wish things were normal, but this is not normal. It is shameful if we ignore all of it as we evaluate the President’s nominees to critical foreign policy and national se-curity jobs. In this context, Mr. Ross’s connec-tions to Russia raise dangerous issues. We know that Ross installed a former KGB official and close associate of Vladimir Putin as the vice chairman of the Bank of Cyprus, a bank that Mr. Ross controlled and a bank that was flooded with Russian money. Now, how closely connected was this former KGB official to Vladimir Putin? Here is one hint. He was so closely connected to Putin that he was given a $100 million payout by a Russian-controlled mining company as a golden parachute. He wasn’t even the only Putin pal on Mr. Ross’s board. That is right. Mr. Ross wanted the bank he controlled to have multiple board members from Putin’s inner circle. Mr. Ross surrounds himself with Rus-sian oligarchs, and he has invested fi-nancially in their success. As he ex-plained during his testimony before the Senate Commerce Committee, Mr. Ross has no intention of divesting from Diamond Shipping, a company that op-erates 33 oil tankers and jointly char-ters with even more. So a man who per-sonally selected multiple Vladimir Putin associates to serve with him on the board of the bank he controls has been totally open about his plan to continue profiting from oil tankers shuttling over $1 billion worth of crude oil through international waters while serving as Commerce Secretary. It is not just one shipping company. Mr. Ross is retaining his investments in 11—11 separate entities, mostly pri-vate companies registered in the Cay-man Islands. Among his retained inter-ests, the state-owned China Investment Company will be one of Mr. Ross’s larg-est fellow investors. We have never seen a Cabinet like this in history. Like many of President Trump’s other nominees and like Presi-dent Trump himself, this nominee seems to see his time in public service as a chance to increase his own wealth. In other words, on any given deal, he might be working for the American people or he might just be working for himself. We will have no way to know. President Trump has apparently asked Mr. Ross to lead American trade policy. He claims to want aggressive enforcement of antidumping and cur-rency manipulation rules, which sounds great, but when Ross actually has this job, is he really going to be thinking about American workers or will he be thinking about how to make his KGB buddy from the Bank of Cy-prus just a little richer or will he be thinking about how to help out his own oil tankers circling the globe or will he be thinking about his offshore compa-nies and his coinvestors from China or will he be thinking about the next bil-lion dollars he plans to make? The American people should not be left guessing about who Mr. Ross will be working to protect. There is signifi-cant reason to believe the President of the United States has substantial fi-nancial ties with Russia, but nobody actually knows any of the details be-cause he has failed to reveal his tax re-turns. Now President Trump expects the Senate to rubberstamp his nomination of a top banker to Vladimir Putin’s buddies to run the Commerce Depart-ment of the United States. This is dan-gerous and I will vote no. Mr. Ross’s fi-nancial ties with Russians and his worldwide business deals are not the only problem with this nomination. He is practically a cartoon stereotype of a Wall Street fat cat with no interest in anyone but himself. Ross ran a secret club of top Wall Street tycoons called Kappa Beta Phi. I am not making this up. It is actually true. So he runs this secret club, which ap-parently gathers every year to get drunk and entertain themselves by putting on off-color skits that make fun of the millions of Americans they have swindled over the years. That cer-tainly reflects Mr. Ross’s world view. This is a man who made a fortune from the housing crisis at the expense of working families. After buying the servicing rights to over $100 billion in subprime loans, Mr. Ross swiftly got to work cheating borrowers out of their homes. Here are just a few of the examples of Mr. Ross’s approach to business: lying to borrowers about loan modifications; charging borrowers fees that were not authorized; taking payments from bor-rowers, then not applying those pay-ments to their loans; forcing home-owners insurance on borrowers who al-ready had homeowners insurance; robo- signing fraudulent foreclosure docu-ments. The violations were so widespread, his company had to settle with 49 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.007 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1424 February 27, 2017 
States. Let me repeat that—49 States. A man who builds a fortune off ille-gally cheating people out of their homes has no business running our Commerce Department. So let’s summarize. Mr. Ross has ex-tensive ties to Russia. He plans to keep making money from his major oil ship-ping companies while working as Com-merce Secretary. He has made billions off the backs of struggling home-owners, and in his free time he hangs out with Wall Street tycoons who sit around and make fun of everyone else. This is disgusting. For all of these rea-sons—for any of them, really—I urge my colleagues to reject this nomina-tion. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Thereupon, the Senate, at 2:56 p.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 3 p.m. when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
f 
READING OF WASHINGTON’S FAREWELL ADDRESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to the order of the Senate of January 24, 1901, as amended by the order of February 1, 2017, the Senator from Ne-braska, Mr. S
ASSE, will now read Wash-ington’s Farewell Address. Mr. SASSE, at the rostrum, read the Farewell Address, as follows: To the people of the United States: F
RIENDS AND FELLOW -CITIZENS : The period for a new election of a citizen to administer the executive government of the United States being not far dis-tant, and the time actually arrived when your thoughts must be employed in designating the person who is to be clothed with that important trust, it appears to me proper, especially as it may conduce to a more distinct expres-sion of the public voice, that I should now apprise you of the resolution I have formed, to decline being consid-ered among the number of those out of whom a choice is to be made. I beg you at the same time to do me the justice to be assured that this reso-lution has not been taken without a strict regard to all the considerations appertaining to the relation which binds a dutiful citizen to his country— and that, in withdrawing the tender of service which silence in my situation might imply, I am influenced by no diminution of zeal for your future in-terest, no deficiency of grateful respect for your past kindness, but am sup-ported by a full conviction that the step is compatible with both. The acceptance of, and continuance hitherto in, the office to which your suffrages have twice called me have been a uniform sacrifice of inclination to the opinion of duty and to a def-erence for what appeared to be your de-sire. I constantly hoped that it would have been much earlier in my power, consistently with motives which I was not at liberty to disregard, to return to that retirement from which I had been reluctantly drawn. The strength of my inclination to do this, previous to the last election, had even led to the prepa-ration of an address to declare it to you; but mature reflection on the then perplexed and critical posture of our affairs with foreign nations, and the unanimous advice of persons entitled to my confidence, impelled me to aban-don the idea. I rejoice that the state of your con-cerns, external as well as internal, no longer renders the pursuit of inclina-tion incompatible with the sentiment of duty or propriety and am persuaded, whatever partiality may be retained for my services, that in the present cir-cumstances of our country you will not disapprove my determination to retire. The impressions with which I first undertook the arduous trust were ex-plained on the proper occasion. In the discharge of this trust, I will only say that I have, with good intentions, con-tributed towards the organization and administration of the government the best exertions of which a very fallible judgment was capable. Not unconscious in the outset of the inferiority of my qualifications, experience in my own eyes, perhaps still more in the eyes of others, has strengthened the motives to diffidence of myself, and every day the increasing weight of years admon-ishes me more and more that the shade of retirement is as necessary to me as it will be welcome. Satisfied that if any circumstances have given peculiar value to my services, they were tem-porary, I have the consolation to be-lieve that, while choice and prudence invite me to quit the political scene, patriotism does not forbid it. In looking forward to the moment which is intended to terminate the ca-reer of my public life, my feelings do not permit me to suspend the deep ac-knowledgment of that debt of gratitude which I owe to my beloved country for the many honors it has conferred upon me, still more for the steadfast con-fidence with which it has supported me and for the opportunities I have thence enjoyed of manifesting my inviolable attachment by services faithful and persevering, though in usefulness un-equal to my zeal. If benefits have re-sulted to our country from these serv-ices, let it always be remembered to your praise and as an instructive exam-ple in our annals that, under cir-cumstances in which the passions agi-tated in every direction were liable to mislead, amidst appearances some-times dubious, vicissitudes of fortune often discouraging, in situations in which not unfrequently want of success has countenanced the spirit of criti-cism, the constancy of your support was the essential prop of the efforts and a guarantee of the plans by which they were effected. Profoundly pene-trated with this idea, I shall carry it with me to my grave as a strong incite-ment to unceasing vows that Heaven may continue to you the choicest to-kens of its beneficence; that your union and brotherly affection may be perpetual; that the free constitution, which is the work of your hands, may be sacredly maintained; that its admin-istration in every department may be stamped with wisdom and virtue; that, in fine, the happiness of the people of these states, under the auspices of lib-erty, may be made complete by so care-ful a preservation and so prudent a use of this blessing as will acquire to them the glory of recommending it to the ap-plause, the affection, and adoption of every nation which is yet a stranger to it. Here, perhaps, I ought to stop. But a solicitude for your welfare, which can-not end but with my life, and the ap-prehension of danger natural to that solicitude, urge me on an occasion like the present to offer to your solemn contemplation, and to recommend to your frequent review, some sentiments which are the result of much reflec-tion, of no inconsiderable observation, and which appear to me all important to the permanency of your felicity as a people. These will be offered to you with the more freedom as you can only see in them the disinterested warnings of a parting friend, who can possibly have no personal motive to bias his counsel. Nor can I forget, as an encour-agement to it, your indulgent recep-tion of my sentiments on a former and not dissimilar occasion. Interwoven as is the love of liberty with every ligament of your hearts, no recommendation of mine is necessary to fortify or confirm the attachment. The unity of government which con-stitutes you one people is also now dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a main pillar in the edifice of your real independence, the support of your tran-quility at home, your peace abroad, of your safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which you so highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee that, from different causes and from different quarters, much pains will be taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth; as this is the point in your polit-ical fortress against which the bat-teries of internal and external enemies will be most constantly and actively (though often covertly and insidiously) directed, it is of infinite moment that you should properly estimate the im-mense value of your national Union to your collective and individual happi-ness; that you should cherish a cordial, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.008 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1425 February 27, 2017 
habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming yourselves to think and speak of it as of the palladium of your political safety and prosperity; watching for its preservation with jeal-ous anxiety; discountenancing what-ever may suggest even a suspicion that it can in any event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts. For this you have every inducement of sympathy and interest. Citizens by birth or choice of a common country, that country has a right to concentrate your affections. The name of American, which belongs to you in your national capacity, must always exalt the just pride of patriotism more than any ap-pellation derived from local discrimi-nations. With slight shades of dif-ference, you have the same religion, manners, habits, and political prin-ciples. You have in a common cause fought and triumphed together. The independence and liberty you possess are the work of joint councils and joint efforts—of common dangers, sufferings, and successes. But these considerations, however powerfully they address themselves to your sensibility, are greatly out-weighed by those which apply more im-mediately to your interest. Here every portion of our country finds the most commanding motives for carefully guarding and preserving the Union of the whole. The North, in an unrestrained inter-course with the South, protected by the equal laws of a common govern-ment, finds in the productions of the latter great additional resources of maritime and commercial enterprise and precious materials of manufac-turing industry. The South in the same intercourse, benefitting by the agency of the North, sees its agriculture grow and its commerce expand. Turning partly into its own channels the sea-men of the North, it finds its particular navigation invigorated; and while it contributes, in different ways, to nour-ish and increase the general mass of the national navigation, it looks for-ward to the protection of a maritime strength to which itself is unequally adapted. The East, in a like intercourse with the West, already finds, and in the progressive improvement of interior communications by land and water will more and more find a valuable vent for the commodities which it brings from abroad or manufactures at home. The West derives from the East supplies requisite to its growth and comfort— and what is perhaps of still greater consequence, it must of necessity owe the secure enjoyment of indispensable outlets for its own productions to the weight, influence, and the future mari-time strength of the Atlantic side of the Union, directed by an indissoluble community of interest as one nation. Any other tenure by which the West can hold this essential advantage, whether derived from its own separate strength or from an apostate and un-natural connection with any foreign power, must be intrinsically precar-ious. While then every part of our country thus feels an immediate and particular interest in union, all the parts com-bined cannot fail to find in the united mass of means and efforts greater strength, greater resource, proportion-ably greater security from external danger, a less frequent interruption of their peace by foreign nations; and, what is of inestimable value! they must derive from union an exemption from those broils and wars between them-selves which so frequently afflict neighboring countries not tied together by the same government, which their own rivalships alone would be suffi-cient to produce, but which opposite foreign alliances, attachments, and in-trigues would stimulate and embitter. Hence likewise they will avoid the ne-cessity of those overgrown military es-tablishments, which under any form of government are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be regarded as par-ticularly hostile to republican liberty. In this sense it is, that your Union ought to be considered as a main prop of your liberty, and that the love of the one ought to endear to you the preser-vation of the other. These considerations speak a persua-sive language to every reflecting and virtuous mind and exhibit the continu-ance of the Union as a primary object of patriotic desire. Is there a doubt whether a common government can embrace so large a sphere? Let experi-ence solve it. To listen to mere specu-lation in such a case were criminal. We are authorized to hope that a proper organization of the whole, with the auxiliary agency of governments for the respective subdivisions, will afford a happy issue to the experiment. It is well worth a fair and full experiment. With such powerful and obvious mo-tives to union affecting all parts of our country, while experience shall not have demonstrated its imprac-ticability, there will always be reason to distrust the patriotism of those who in any quarter may endeavor to weak-en its bands. In contemplating the causes which may disturb our Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern that any ground should have been furnished for characterizing parties by geographical discriminations—northern and south-ern—Atlantic and western; whence de-signing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local interests and views. One of the expedients of party to acquire influ-ence within particular districts is to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts. You cannot shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heart burnings which spring from these misrepresentations. They tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection. The inhabitants of our western country have lately had a useful lesson on this head. They have seen in the negotiation by the execu-tive—and in the unanimous ratifica-tion by the Senate—of the treaty with Spain, and in the universal satisfaction at that event throughout the United States, a decisive proof how unfounded were the suspicions propagated among them of a policy in the general govern-ment and in the Atlantic states un-friendly to their interests in regard to the Mississippi. They have been wit-nesses to the formation of two treaties, that with Great Britain and that with Spain, which secure to them every-thing they could desire, in respect to our foreign relations, towards con-firming their prosperity. Will it not be their wisdom to rely for the preserva-tion of these advantages on the Union by which they were procured? Will they not henceforth be deaf to those advis-ers, if such there are, who would sever them from their brethren and connect them with aliens? To the efficacy and permanency of your Union, a government for the whole is indispensable. No alliances, however strict, between the parts can be an adequate substitute. They must inevitably experience the infractions and interruptions which all alliances in all times have experienced. Sensible of this momentous truth, you have im-proved upon your first essay by the adoption of a Constitution of govern-ment better calculated than your former for an intimate Union and for the efficacious management of your common concerns. This government, the offspring of our own choice uninfluenced and unawed, adopted upon full investigation and mature de-liberation, completely free in its prin-ciples, in the distribution of its powers uniting security with energy, and con-taining within itself a provision for its own amendment, has a just claim to your confidence and your support. Re-spect for its authority, compliance with its laws, acquiescence in its meas-ures, are duties enjoined by the funda-mental maxims of true liberty. The basis of our political systems is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of govern-ment. But the Constitution which at any time exists, until changed by an explicit and authentic act of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory upon all. The very idea of the power and the right of the people to establish govern-ment presupposes the duty of every in-dividual to obey the established gov-ernment. All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all combinations and associa-tions under whatever plausible char-acter with the real design to direct, control, counteract, or awe the regular deliberation and action of the con-stituted authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize fac-tion; to give it an artificial and ex-traordinary force; to put in the place of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.001 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1426 February 27, 2017 
the delegated will of the nation the will of a party, often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the com-munity; and, according to the alter-nate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of the ill concerted and incon-gruous projects of faction, rather than the organ of consistent and wholesome plans digested by common councils and modified by mutual interests. However combinations or associations of the above description may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely, in the course of time and things, to be-come potent engines by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying after-wards the very engines which have lift-ed them to unjust dominion. Towards the preservation of your government and the permanency of your present happy state, it is req-uisite not only that you steadily dis-countenance irregular oppositions to its acknowledged authority but also that you resist with care the spirit of innovation upon its principles, however specious the pretexts. One method of assault may be to effect in the forms of the Constitution alterations which will impair the energy of the system and thus to undermine what cannot be di-rectly overthrown. In all the changes to which you may be invited, remem-ber that time and habit are at least as necessary to fix the true character of governments as of other human insti-tutions, that experience is the surest standard by which to test the real tendency of the existing constitution of a country, that facility in changes upon the credit of mere hypotheses and opinion exposes to perpetual change from the endless variety of hypotheses and opinion; and remember, especially, that for the efficient management of your common interests in a country so extensive as ours, a government of as much vigor as is consistent with the perfect security of liberty is indispen-sable; liberty itself will find in such a government, with powers properly dis-tributed and adjusted, its surest guard-ian. It is indeed little else than a name, where the government is too feeble to withstand the enterprises of faction, to confine each member of the society within the limits prescribed by the laws, and to maintain all in the secure and tranquil enjoyment of the rights of person and property. I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the state, with par-ticular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehen-sive view and warn you in the most sol-emn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party, generally. This spirit, unfortunately, is insepa-rable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less sti-fled, controlled, or repressed; but in those of the popular form it is seen in its greatest rankness and is truly their worst enemy. The alternate domination of one fac-tion over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dis-sension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which re-sult gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the abso-lute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this dis-position to the purposes of his own ele-vation on the ruins of public liberty. Without looking forward to an ex-tremity of this kind (which neverthe-less ought not to be entirely out of sight) the common and continual mis-chiefs of the spirit of party are suffi-cient to make it the interest and the duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it. It serves always to distract the pub-lic councils and enfeeble the public ad-ministration. It agitates the commu-nity with ill founded jealousies and false alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against another, foments oc-casionally riot and insurrection. It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption, which find a facilitated ac-cess to the government itself through the channels of party passions. Thus the policy and the will of one country are subjected to the policy and will of another. There is an opinion that parties in free countries are useful checks upon the administration of the government and serve to keep alive the spirit of lib-erty. This within certain limits is prob-ably true—and in governments of a mo-narchical cast patriotism may look with indulgence, if not with favor, upon the spirit of party. But in those of the popular character, in governments purely elective, it is a spirit not to be encouraged. From their natural tend-ency, it is certain there will always be enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose. And there being constant dan-ger of excess, the effort ought to be by force of public opinion to mitigate and assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it demands a uniform vigilance to pre-vent its bursting into a flame, lest in-stead of warming it should consume. It is important, likewise, that the habits of thinking in a free country should inspire caution in those en-trusted with its administration to con-fine themselves within their respective constitutional spheres, avoiding in the exercise of the powers of one depart-ment to encroach upon another. The spirit of encroachment tends to con-solidate the powers of all the depart-ments in one and thus to create, what-ever the form of government, a real despotism. A just estimate of that love of power and proneness to abuse it which predominates in the human heart is sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this position. The necessity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of po-litical power, by dividing and distrib-uting it into different depositories and constituting each the guardian of the public weal against invasions by the others, has been evinced by experi-ments ancient and modern, some of them in our country and under our own eyes. To preserve them must be as nec-essary as to institute them. If in the opinion of the people the distribution or modification of the constitutional powers be in any particular wrong, let it be corrected by an amendment in the way which the Constitution designates. But let there be no change by usurpa-tion; for though this, in one instance, may be the instrument of good, it is the customary weapon by which free governments are destroyed. The prece-dent must always greatly overbalance in permanent evil any partial or tran-sient benefit which the use can at any time yield. Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, reli-gion and morality are indispensable supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness, these firmest props of the duties of men and citizens. The mere politician, equally with the pious man, ought to respect and to cherish them. A volume could not trace all their connections with private and pub-lic felicity. Let it simply be asked where is the security for property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of reli-gious obligation desert the oaths, which are the instruments of investiga-tion in courts of justice? And let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained with-out religion. Whatever may be con-ceded to the influence of refined edu-cation on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can pre-vail in exclusion of religious principle. It is substantially true that virtue or morality is a necessary spring of pop-ular government. The rule indeed ex-tends with more or less force to every species of free government. Who that is a sincere friend to it can look with in-difference upon attempts to shake the foundation of the fabric? Promote then, as an object of pri-mary importance, institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge. In pro-portion as the structure of a govern-ment gives force to public opinion, it is essential that public opinion should be enlightened. As a very important source of strength and security, cherish public credit. One method of preserving it is to use it as sparingly as possible, avoiding occasions of expense by culti-vating peace, but remembering also that timely disbursements to prepare for danger frequently prevent much greater disbursements to repel it; avoiding likewise the accumulation of debt, not only by shunning occasions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.003 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1427 February 27, 2017 
expense, but by vigorous exertions in time of peace to discharge the debts which unavoidable wars may have oc-casioned, not ungenerously throwing upon posterity the burden which we ourselves ought to bear. The execution of these maxims belongs to your rep-resentatives, but it is necessary that public opinion should cooperate. To fa-cilitate to them the performance of their duty, it is essential that you should practically bear in mind that towards the payment of debts there must be revenue; that to have revenue there must be taxes; that no taxes can be devised which are not more or less inconvenient and unpleasant; that the intrinsic embarrassment inseparable from the selection of the proper objects (which is always a choice of difficul-ties) ought to be a decisive motive for a candid construction of the conduct of the government in making it, and for a spirit of acquiescence in the measures for obtaining revenue which the public exigencies may at any time dictate. Observe good faith and justice to-wards all nations; cultivate peace and harmony with all; religion and moral-ity enjoin this conduct, and can it be that good policy does not equally en-join it? It will be worthy of a free, en-lightened, and, at no distant period, a great nation, to give to mankind the magnanimous and too novel example of a people always guided by an exalted justice and benevolence. Who can doubt that in the course of time and things the fruits of such a plan would richly repay any temporary advantages which might be lost by a steady adherence to it? Can it be, that Providence has not connected the permanent felicity of a nation with its virtue? The experiment, at least, is recommended by every sen-timent which ennobles human nature. Alas! is it rendered impossible by its vices? In the execution of such a plan noth-ing is more essential than that perma-nent, inveterate antipathies against particular nations and passionate at-tachments for others should be ex-cluded and that in place of them just and amicable feelings towards all should be cultivated. The nation which indulges towards another an habitual hatred, or an habitual fondness, is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. Antip-athy in one nation against another dis-poses each more readily to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of slight causes of umbrage, and to be haughty and in-tractable when accidental or trifling occasions of dispute occur. Hence fre-quent collisions, obstinate, envenomed, and bloody contests. The nation, prompted by ill will and resentment, sometimes impels to war the govern-ment, contrary to the best calculations of policy. The government sometimes participates in the national propensity and adopts through passion what rea-son would reject; at other times, it makes the animosity of the nation sub-servient to projects of hostility insti-gated by pride, ambition and other sin-ister and pernicious motives. The peace often, sometimes perhaps the liberty, of nations has been the victim. So likewise, a passionate attachment of one nation for another produces a variety of evils. Sympathy for the fa-vorite nation, facilitating the illusion of an imaginary common interest in cases where no real common interest exists and infusing into one the enmi-ties of the other, betrays the former into a participation in the quarrels and wars of the latter, without adequate in-ducement or justification. It leads also to concessions to the favorite nation of privileges denied to others, which is apt doubly to injure the nation making the concessions, by unnecessarily part-ing with what ought to have been re-tained and by exciting jealousy, ill will, and a disposition to retaliate in the parties from whom equal privileges are withheld. And it gives to ambi-tious, corrupted, or deluded citizens (who devote themselves to the favorite nation) facility to betray or sacrifice the interests of their own country without odium, sometimes even with popularity, gilding with the appear-ances of a virtuous sense of obligation, a commendable deference for public opinion, or a laudable zeal for public good, the base or foolish compliances of ambition, corruption, or infatuation. As avenues to foreign influence in in-numerable ways, such attachments are particularly alarming to the truly en-lightened and independent patriot. How many opportunities do they afford to tamper with domestic factions, to prac-tice the arts of seduction, to mislead public opinion, to influence or awe the public councils! Such an attachment of a small or weak towards a great and powerful nation dooms the former to be the satellite of the latter. Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the instru-ment of the very influence to be avoid-ed, instead of a defense against it. Ex-cessive partiality for one foreign na-tion and excessive dislike of another cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil and even second the arts of influ-ence on the other. Real patriots, who may resist the intrigues of the favor-ite, are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the peo-ple to surrender their interests. The great rule of conduct for us in re-gard to foreign nations is, in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements, let them be ful-filled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop. Europe has a set of primary inter-ests, which to us have none or a very remote relation. Hence she must be en-gaged in frequent controversies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence therefore it must be unwise in us to implicate our-selves, by artificial ties, in the ordi-nary vicissitudes of her politics or the ordinary combinations and collisions of her friendships or enmities. Our detached and distant situation invites and enables us to pursue a dif-ferent course. If we remain one people under an efficient government, the pe-riod is not far off when we may defy material injury from external annoy-ance; when we may take such an atti-tude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously respected; when bellig-erent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provo-cation; when we may choose peace or war, as our interest guided by justice shall counsel. Why forgo the advantages of so pecu-liar a situation? Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, rival-ship, interest, humor, or caprice? It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world—so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it, for let me not be understood as capable of pa-tronizing infidelity to existing engage-ments (I hold the maxim no less appli-cable to public than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best pol-icy)—I repeat it therefore, let those en-gagements be observed in their genuine sense. But in my opinion it is unneces-sary and would be unwise to extend them. Taking care always to keep our-selves, by suitable establishments, on a respectably defensive posture, we may safely trust to temporary alliances for extraordinary emergencies. Harmony, liberal intercourse with all nations, are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest. But even our commercial policy should hold an equal and impartial hand: neither seek-ing nor granting exclusive favors or preferences; consulting the natural course of things; diffusing and diversi-fying by gentle means the streams of commerce but forcing nothing; estab-lishing with powers so disposed—in order to give to trade a stable course, to define the rights of our merchants, and to enable the government to sup-port them—conventional rules of inter-course, the best that present cir-cumstances and mutual opinion will permit, but temporary, and liable to be from time to time abandoned or varied, as experience and circumstances shall dictate; constantly keeping in view, that it is folly in one nation to look for disinterested favors from another— that it must pay with a portion of its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.004 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1428 February 27, 2017 
independence for whatever it may ac-cept under that character—that by such acceptance it may place itself in the condition of having given equiva-lents for nominal favors and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for not giving more. There can be no great-er error than to expect or calculate upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to dis-card. In offering to you, my countrymen, these counsels of an old and affec-tionate friend, I dare not hope they will make the strong and lasting im-pression I could wish—that they will control the usual current of the pas-sions or prevent our nation from run-ning the course which has hitherto marked the destiny of nations. But if I may even flatter myself that they may be productive of some partial benefit, some occasional good, that they may now and then recur to moderate the fury of party spirit, to warn against the mischiefs of foreign intrigue, to guard against the impostures of pre-tended patriotism—this hope will be a full recompense for the solicitude for your welfare by which they have been dictated. How far in the discharge of my offi-cial duties I have been guided by the principles which have been delineated, the public records and other evidences of my conduct must witness to you and to the world. To myself, the assurance of my own conscience is that I have at least believed myself to be guided by them. In relation to the still subsisting war in Europe, my proclamation of the 22d of April 1793 is the index to my plan. Sanctioned by your approving voice and by that of your representatives in both houses of Congress, the spirit of that measure has continually governed me, uninfluenced by any attempts to deter or divert me from it. After deliberate examination with the aid of the best lights I could ob-tain, I was well satisfied that our coun-try, under all the circumstances of the case, had a right to take—and was bound in duty and interest to take—a neutral position. Having taken it, I de-termined, as far as should depend upon me, to maintain it with moderation, perseverence, and firmness. The considerations which respect the right to hold this conduct it is not nec-essary on this occasion to detail. I will only observe that, according to my un-derstanding of the matter, that right, so far from being denied by any of the belligerent powers, has been virtually admitted by all. The duty of holding a neutral con-duct may be inferred, without anything more, from the obligation which jus-tice and humanity impose on every na-tion, in cases in which it is free to act, to maintain inviolate the relations of peace and amity towards other nations. The inducements of interest for ob-serving that conduct will best be re-ferred to your own reflections and ex-perience. With me, a predominant mo-tive has been to endeavor to gain time to our country to settle and mature its yet recent institutions and to progress without interruption to that degree of strength and consistency which is nec-essary to give it, humanly speaking, the command of its own fortunes. Though in reviewing the incidents of my administration I am unconscious of intentional error, I am nevertheless too sensible of my defects not to think it probable that I may have committed many errors. Whatever they may be, I fervently beseech the Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils to which they may tend. I shall also carry with me the hope that my country will never cease to view them with indul-gence and that, after forty-five years of my life dedicated to its service with an upright zeal, the faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to oblivion, as myself must soon be to the man-sions of rest. Relying on its kindness in this as in other things, and actuated by that fer-vent love towards it which is so nat-ural to a man who views in it the na-tive soil of himself and his progenitors for several generations, I anticipate with pleasing expectation that retreat, in which I promise myself to realize without alloy the sweet enjoyment of partaking in the midst of my fellow citizens the benign influence of good laws under a free government—the ever favorite object of my heart, and the happy reward, as I trust, of our mutual cares, labors and dangers. G
EO. WASHINGTON .U
NITED STATES , 19th September 1796. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO DR . CONSTANCE E . CLAYTON  
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise today, as I have every year that I have been in the Senate, which is quite a long time now—the last 10 years, going into 11—to give some remarks in com-memoration of Black History Month. The way I have done that, and the way our office has done it, is to recognize a special figure in my home State of Pennsylvania, an individual who we are very proud of. Today we honor Dr. Con-stance E. Clayton, a trailblazing figure whose career in education positively impacted the lives of countless chil-dren in Philadelphia, and whose work continues to pay dividends in the city public schools to this day. Throughout her long career as a teacher and admin-istrator in the Philadelphia School Dis-trict, Dr. Clayton never lost sight of her mission. In her words: ‘‘The chil-dren come first.’’ A product of Philadelphia public schools, Dr. Clayton became the first African American and the first woman to serve as superintendent of the Phila-delphia School District. This Black History Month, we celebrate Dr. Clay-ton’s place in that history, but as we do, we should also ask ourselves if we are living up to her legacy and if we are putting the children first—all chil-dren everywhere first. I will be seeing Dr. Clayton today and so many of her friends. The rules don’t allow me to acknowledge anyone else in the Chamber. So I will do that later. But I do want her to know how much we appreciate her giving us this much time to pay tribute to her and to her work. Connie Clayton’s story is a great American story. Born to a plumber and social worker, she was raised by her mother and grandmother after her par-ents divorced when she was just 2 years old. She attended Paul Lawrence Dun-bar Elementary School in Philadel-phia. Her mind, like that of so many chil-dren, was awakened by a special teach-er. In her case, it was her fourth grade teacher at Dunbar, whose name she still readily recalls—Ms. Alice Spotwood. She remembers that Ms. Spotwood was kind, and she made learning fun. She also remembers that Ms. Spotwood seemed interested in her individually, even as she was interested in every other child in that classroom. Ms. Spotwood made Connie feel special. Connie Clayton went on to attend Jay Cook Junior High School and Philadelphia High School for Girls, where she excelled academically. She thought she wanted to be a doctor, even taking 4 years of Latin at Girls High School on the theory that she would need to decipher dated medical jargon. Her enthusiasm waned when she realized that calling a body a cor-pus didn’t make studying its contents any more appealing. She chose, in-stead, to focus on the mind, earning her bachelor’s degree and her master of education degree from Temple Univer-sity, before going on to her doctorate of education in educational leadership from the University of Pennsylvania, where she was a Rockefeller scholar. Dr. Constance E. Clayton recognized that education—her education—was what empowered her to succeed. It started at Dunbar, where teachers like Ms. Spotwood first taught her to raise her sights and to reach out and to be-lieve. So it is no coincidence that her first step in her professional life was to go back to Dunbar and return the favor. She took a role as a student teacher alongside many of the same people who taught her before she could imagine that the letters ‘‘Ph.D’’ would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.005 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1429 February 27, 2017 
follow her name or that the title ‘‘Su-perintendent’’ would someday precede it. In 1955, Dr. Clayton got her first full- time teaching job at Philadelphia’s Harrison Elementary School, where she taught fifth grade social studies. Grounded in that personal mission that children come first, Dr. Clayton’s years as a teacher revealed a unique gift for understanding children, their specific challenges and their particular needs. This is no doubt why, in the years that followed, she earned a role in devel-oping the social studies curriculum for the entire district and led an effort to develop and train teachers to imple-ment a Black history curriculum throughout the school district. Dr. Clayton recalls understanding that for students at a predominantly Black school in Philadelphia, it is Black History Month every day, every month, and they need to see their lived experience reflected in the course ma-terial because they didn’t see many white picket fences where they were growing up. To paraphrase Carter Woodson, often known as the father of Black history himself: Kids need to learn, not just about Black history but about Black people in American his-tory. Dr. Clayton recalls the reward of watching kids excited to learn that they, too, could be a painter, an au-thor, an astronaut or whatever they wanted, and of watching the limits of those children’s imaginations dissolve before their eyes. Dr. Clayton didn’t limit her own imagination either. In 1972, she was named executive director and associate superintendent of early childhood edu-cation programs for the Philadelphia School District. Early childhood education is an issue dear to my own heart, as the sponsor of legislation here in the Senate to ensure universal early education nationwide. We know that the stakes for this issue are high. Early learning increases fu-ture income. It reduces the chance of arrest or incarceration, and it also re-duces reliance on social services. Under Dr. Clayton’s leadership, the Philadel-phia School District expanded and en-hanced its early education program into a national model. Connie Clayton’s passion for helping children and her competence did not go unnoticed. In 1982, she was chosen as superintendent of the Philadelphia School District, the first African American and the first woman to hold that role. She knew the expectation would be high, but her mother always told her: ‘‘Delete the word ‘can’t’ from your vocabulary.’’ So Connie hit the ground running hard, declaring in the press conference where she accepted the job that motto that would come to define her tenure: ‘‘The children come first.’’ I have often said that there is a light inside of every child, and it is the obli-gation of adults, especially elected offi-cials, to make sure that this light shines brightly to the full measure of its potential. We know that from day one as superintendent, Dr. Connie Clayton knew her job was to nurture this light. But as a product of seg-regated education herself, she under-stood that our system doesn’t always allow every light to shine equally bright. High minority schools often receive less funding, often have less experi-enced teachers, and often offer fewer high-level math and science courses. We know still today that this is true. Black K–12 students are almost four times as likely as White students to re-ceive an out-of-school suspension and almost twice as likely to be expelled. Black students represent 16 percent of the public school population today but 42 percent of the population of justice facility education programs. Connie Clayton refused to simply curse the darkness of these numbers. She worked to change them. She knew that an enlightened mind can empower students to overcome the traps laid by cynicism, indifference, and under-funding—to slip the bounds of low ex-pectation, beat the odds, and then turn around and work to change them. A good education can take that light in-side and make it flare. She might have asked, and we still are asking: What, then, is a good edu-cation? Can some combination of facts and numbers alone contain this trans-formative power of education? Well, W.E.B. Du Bois said: ‘‘Edu-cation must not simply teach work—it must teach life.’’ Dr. Clayton under-stood this in all of its implications, both clear and subtle. She knew it was clear that a good education starts with an open school. In the 5 years preceding Dr. Clayton’s term as superintendent, there were five teacher strikes in Philadelphia that cost students 1,000 days in the class-room. But during her 11 years in office, there wasn’t a single strike. She knew it was clear that a good education re-quires funding. When she came in, the Philadelphia School District was fac-ing a crushing $90 million deficit. When she left, it was running a surplus, and she had created financial partnerships with area businesses, all without clos-ing a single school. Dr. Clayton knew it was clear that a good education comes from a good cur-riculum. When she came in, she noticed the school district had stopped teach-ing algebra. When she left as super-intendent, she fostered a partnership with local university professors to teach the subject of algebra to a vol-untary class that grew from 9 kids the first year to over 1,900. She implemented a free breakfast program because she knew that stu-dents from certain parts of the district might not be able to get food in the morning. We know, as she knew well, that hungry kids cannot learn. She reinstated summer school be-cause she knew that a few credits here or there can mean the difference be-tween a diploma and a dropout, and in that difference lay the blueprints to di-vergent lives. She treated her schools like second homes for children because she remem-bered, from all of her years of teaching, how the vast majority of parents want-ed more for their kids than they were able to provide and that they just need-ed some help in filling the gaps. She took just 1 week of vacation in 11 years as superintendent—that has to be some kind of national record—and just 1 day of vacation in her many years of teaching before that, because she felt not just a passion for her work but an urgency to see its results. Dr. Clayton had a sense of urgency about educating these children, in the same way it was urgent for the fol-lowers of Sojourner Truth in the 19th century. It was urgent for the students in the Student Nonviolent Coordi-nating Committee, known as SNCC, in the 20th century. They had that ur-gency. It has been urgent for all the or-dinary lives before, between, and since. It was urgent for little Hannah A. Lions, a girl studying in Philadelphia in the 1830s whose family saved her school copybook as ‘‘proof that there were some educated [Black] people back when’’ and donated this copybook to the recently opened National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture here in Washington, where it sits on display. It was as urgent, of course, for Dr. Constance Clayton, when she attended segregated schools in the same city some 100 years after Hannah. That is because a good education is not just some combination of numbers and facts. It is enlightenment for a mind constrained, freedom for a soul re-pressed, and a passport to a future that transcends artificial limitations and unleashes potential. Dr. Clayton worked feverishly to put one of those passports in the pockets of each student who passed through the Philadelphia schools under her watch. Her passion and her vision earned her a reputation as a reformer whom the New York Times wrote led an ‘‘edu-cational renaissance’’ in Philadelphia. She would do whatever it took to make schools better for her students. She pushed the district to meet the goals of the America 2000 Program, an ambitious plan to significantly in-crease the achievements of urban school districts across the country. She instituted the Homeless Student Initia-tive, a successful program to provide continuity in education and a level of consistent support to the hundreds, perhaps thousands, of homeless chil-dren in the district enduring the daily hardships of life in shelters. Connie worked to desegregate schools and made sure the district was providing employment opportunities to minority candidates. Several years into her administra-tion, the executive director of the Council of Great City Schools re-marked of Dr. Clayton’s tenure as superintendant: ‘‘Looking at an array 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.013 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1430 February 27, 2017 
of programs carried out in Philadel-phia, you will see almost every innova-tive reform that has been proposed in urban schools.’’ So it is no surprise that Dr. Clayton received all manner of awards and honors. Let me mention a few: the Dr. Constance E. Clayton Chair in Urban Education at the Grad-uate School of Education at the Uni-versity of Pennsylvania, which was named in her honor—the first endowed professorship in the United States to be named after an African-American woman. She received the Distinguished Daughters of Pennsylvania Award and the Humanitarian Service Award from the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations, as well as the 2008 Star Community Commitment in Edu-cation Award from the Philadelphia Education Fund, just to name a few. She has received honorary doctorates from 17 colleges and universities, not to mention being a visiting professor at Harvard Graduate School of Education. I could go on and on today. She currently serves as trustee of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, chairing the African and Afro-American Collec-tions and Exhibits Committee and is a life member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, where she has served in mul-tiple leadership roles. Connie Clayton’s life has been a life of service. We know that in our State capitol—the building has the following inscription: ‘‘All public service is a trust given in faith and accepted in honor.’’ Dr. Clayton honored the trust of public service. She validated the faith that the parents of all those stu-dents placed in her to carry out that trust, and she always put school-children first. So on behalf of those students and their parents and every-one else her work touched in the course of her long career, it is my distinct privilege to honor Dr. Constance E. Clayton in celebration of Black History Month on the Senate floor today. I want to convey our gratitude for her devotion to education and, of course, to the children of Philadelphia. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, it has been since January 20 when Presi-dent Trump was inaugurated that we have been trying to get his Cabinet choices confirmed here in the Senate. Unfortunately, it has been slow-walked to the point now that tonight we are going to be voting on the President’s nominee to lead the Commerce Depart-ment, Mr. Wilbur Ross. I am grateful to Mr. R
OSSfor wanting to serve the country in this way. I think President Trump has chosen wisely as to the Commerce Secretary. One of the things President Trump said Mr. ROSSwill do is enter into the negotiation process on NAFTA, the North American Free-Trade Agree-ment. In my part of the world, in Texas, NAFTA is viewed positively; it is not a dirty word. Some people have suggested that trade somehow has a negative impact on our economy, but I believe the evi-dence is to the contrary. As a matter of fact, just between Mexico and the United States—5 million jobs depend on binational trade between Mexico and the United States. I know from time to time we have differences of views with Mexico. I saw that Sec-retary Kelly and Secretary Tillerson were in Mexico City on Wednesday talking about some of those differences but reassuring our Mexican counter-parts of our sincerity and good will in trying to work through those. But the fact is, we share a common border with Mexico. What happens in Mexico has an impact on the economy and public safety in the United States and vice versa. So I am actually grateful for the con-versation I have had with the Sec-retary of Commerce nominee, Wilbur Ross and that he is interested in updat-ing NAFTA, the North American Free- Trade Agreement, rather than throw-ing the baby out with the bath water. I think that is a positive approach and one that I certainly support. We have a lot more Cabinet posts that remain vacant in the executive branch because our friends across the aisle have decided that somehow serves their political interests. But it does not serve the public’s interests and it does not serve the country’s interests to have a brandnew administration without the ability of the President to pick and choose the people he wants to help him govern the country. It creates more problems, and it also prevents us from getting on with the other impor-tant business of the Congress and working together with this President to try to move the country forward in so many important ways. I am glad we will actually consider Congressman Z
INKE’s nomination for the Department of Interior later this evening, but we are going to have to go through this arduous process, this pro-cedural process of cloture and postcloture time-burning before we can actually vote on this qualified nomi-nee. I have said before that by holding up these qualified nominees, they are not only preventing the executive branch from working for the benefit of the American people, but they are also keeping us from our other job. After we get out of the personnel business, we need to get about the business of legis-lating and producing results for the American people. So I hope that at some point and at some point soon, our Democratic friends will let us move on from the confirmation process and get down to work where we can make that progress. NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
One of the areas in which I am very excited about our ability to effect change will be in considering the Presi-dent’s nominee to fill the seat left va-cant by the tragic passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. It has been a month since President Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to that position. As Americans—including Members of the Senate—are familiarizing themselves with his incredible record, I have been glad to see folks on both sides of the aisle speak so well of him, not just his sterling character and his sterling legal career but how he appears to be really the role model for the type of person you would want to see sitting on the Supreme Court of the United States. Those who know him and his work understand that he exemplifies the integrity, intellect, and accom-plishment we would expect from some-one on our highest Court. Some of our colleagues across the aisle—notably the minority leader— have complained that Judge Gorsuch has refused to prejudge certain issues he has been asked about that will like-ly come before him as a member of the Supreme Court of the United States. I think Judge Gorsuch has it right. It is common practice for Supreme Court nominees, reflecting the judicial ethics of not deciding cases before they are actually presented, to decline to an-swer those sorts of speculative ques-tions. Justice Ginsburg, whom the mi-nority leader clearly respects, made this point eloquently, and Supreme Court nominees have adhered to the norm ever since. If following the well- conceived practices developed by peo-ple like Justice Ginsburg of declining to answer questions about how they would decide a case if it came before the Supreme Court—certainly if that is the rule she would embrace, then that ought to be good enough for Judge Gorsuch as well. I think it reflects the fact that our friends across the aisle who are looking for something to complain about with Judge Gorsuch simply can’t find any-thing, and so they are creating this false choice of asking him to decide cases before he even assumes the bench on the Supreme Court, which clearly is unethical for any judge to do because judges are not politicians running on a platform; a judge’s job is to decide the law according to the law and the Con-stitution. How can you possibly know before the case is presented what the facts might be or how the issue might be presented to the court? Every ethicist, every legal scholar who has had a chance to comment on such things understands that we can’t ethically require judges to say how they would decide cases before they go on the court. If they did, I think they would be disqualified from serving be-cause they would really be just a poli-tician wearing a black robe but one who is unaccountable to the American people since they serve literally for life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.015 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1431 February 27, 2017 
Editorial boards across the country and even former Obama administration officials have recognized Judge Gorsuch as a man who would ‘‘help re-store confidence in the rule of law.’’ Before he was even announced as the nominee, an editorial in the Denver Post, his hometown newspaper, encour-aged President Trump to select him. They called Judge Gorsuch ‘‘a brilliant legal mind and talented writer.’’ That same paper, by the way, endorsed Hil-lary Clinton for President. But they agree that Neil Gorsuch is a tremen-dous nominee for the Supreme Court. Just last week, the Washington Post issued an article titled ‘‘Simply stated, Gorsuch is steadfast and surprising.’’ Well, that is a very concise way to put it, and it is actually a great summary. He is steadfast in his belief in originalism; that is, the text of the Constitution actually means what it says, not based on some desire to see some particular policy affected that has nothing to do with the literal text of the Constitution. That is what judges do—they interpret a written Constitution, not an evolving Constitu-tion or decide cases based on their pub-lic policy preferences. It is clear that Judge Gorsuch is independent. He interprets the law as a judge should—with fairness and with-out bias. To put it another way, Judge Gorsuch is exactly the kind of nominee you would hope to see from any admin-istration, and it is gratifying to see him nominated to this important seat by President Trump. I am sure, because of the qualities I have described, that is why he was previously confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate to his current position on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judge Gorsuch is a tremendous jurist and scholar. He will be appearing be-fore the Senate Judiciary Committee in March for questioning by members of the Judiciary Committee, and then there will be a vote. He has been con-firmed by the Senate before unani-mously, as I said, because he was then and is now a mainstream pick with an exceptional legal record. The more we learn about him, it seems the more we hear from folks along his journey from childhood, to law school, to his profes-sional life, commending his intellect, integrity, and his strong sense of char-acter. I believe he is simply the right man for the job. I look forward to con-sidering him before the Judiciary Com-mittee and to confirming him soon. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CALLING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF A SPECIAL  
COUNSEL  
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I have been concerned. As I read the press and talk with officials, I learn more about the troubling connections between the Russian Government and President Trump’s campaign and ad-ministration. We already knew—it is very, very factual—that Russian President Putin ordered a multifaceted campaign to un-dermine public faith in our election and to help President Trump win in November. That is something all of us as Americans should be concerned about. Whether you are a Republican, a Democrat, or an Independent, when you have that kind of an attack on our democracy, it is a concern to all of us. Reports indicate that Trump officials were in repeated contact with senior Russian intelligence officials during this time. This comes on the heels of the President’s National Security Ad-visor having to resign after providing misleading details on conversations he had with the Russian Ambassador con-cerning U.S. sanctions. But there is a lot we still don’t know, including the extent of the contacts, who directed them, whether people who at one point or another left the Trump campaign were involved, whether there was collu-sion, and, of course, the obvious ques-tion: What did the President know and when he did he know it? The American people deserve to know the facts. They deserve a full and fair investigation that is free from any political influence. The White House has already demonstrated it is not going to respect the independence of this investigation. The fact that the White House Chief of Staff attempted to use the FBI—in violation of Justice Department policies—to suppress news reports about Russian contacts reveals why we really can’t trust the White House to play by the rules. And, of course, the rules are very, very clear. For these reasons, I am calling on Attorney General Sessions to step aside on this issue and to appoint a special counsel to conduct an inde-pendent investigation. That is not an attack on Attorney General Sessions. I have known him for 30 years. I just want to make sure we do not have these continuing questions about what the President knew and when he knew it. Even a cursory review of the Justice Department’s recusal standards reveals that the Attorney General does not— indeed, cannot—have the independence necessary to assure wary Americans that this investigation will be driven by the facts, not by relationships. Cer-tainly those who have served as pros-ecutors—Attorney General Sessions has; I have—know that there are times when the prosecutor has to step aside and let someone else do it just so that everybody can be confident in the in-vestigation. In fact, Justice Department regula-tions mandate that ‘‘no employee shall participate in a criminal investigation or prosecution if he has a personal or political relationship with . . . [a]ny person or organization substantially involved in the conduct that is the sub-ject of the investigation.’’ Of course, a ‘‘political relationship’’ is defined as ‘‘a close identification with an elected official . . . arising from service as a principal adviser thereto.’’ Prior to his confirmation, when we were holding the confirmation hearings on then-Sen-ator Jeff Sessions, I asked him whether he met the standard. It is not really a close call. The rule perfectly describes the relationship between Attorney General Sessions and President Trump. But he brushed the question off, claim-ing that he was ‘‘merely . . . a sup-porter of the President’s during the campaign.’’ Well, that is an obvious mischaracterization of the role he played as a top adviser to the Trump campaign. Attorney General—then- Senator—Sessions was widely recog-nized as a central figure in the cam-paign. He had his fingerprints all over the President’s policies. In fact, one of the President’s top advisers, Steve Bannon, even called him the Presi-dent’s ‘‘clearinghouse for policy and philosophy.’’ That is a pretty close connection. I could hardly think of anything closer. To suggest the Attor-ney General was just ‘‘a supporter’’ and that he did not have a ‘‘political rela-tionship’’ with the Trump campaign, when you look at the Bannon com-ments, that is patently false. If the Attorney General refuses to follow the Department’s recusal stand-ard—now as the head of the Depart-ment, well, then, I would hope he would follow his own recusal standards. Last year, just days before the elec-tion, then-Senator Sessions and other Trump campaign surrogates wrote an op-ed. He criticized then-Attorney Gen-eral Lynch for not recusing herself from matters involving Secretary Clin-ton. The basis of his complaint was a ‘‘39-minute conversation’’—to use his words—that Attorney General Lynch had with former President Bill Clinton in Phoenix, AZ. I would hope he would set the same standard for himself that he sets for others because it is kind of hard to talk about a half-hour con-versation and say that requires recusal when it comes to the Clintons, but a year’s worth of vigorously campaigning with and vigorously advising does not when it comes to the Trump campaign. A year working on the Trump cam-paign doesn’t count, but 39 minutes talking to former President Clinton does? Come on. If that is the standard for recusal in one case—I won’t do the math on how many times 39 minutes goes into a year, but I would say, using Jeff Sessions’ own standards, he has far, far, far more reason to recuse him-self in this matter. During the 20 years I have worked with him, Jeff Sessions has often spo-ken of his commitment to the rule of law. I know he feels strongly about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.016 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1432 February 27, 2017 
that, just as I do. As Senators, every one of us should. Certainly every one of us who has had the privilege to be a prosecutor should have a commitment to the rule of law. Well, Attorney Gen-eral Sessions’ commitment is now being tested. Whether we apply the Justice De-partment’s recusal standard, which is very, very clear, or use the Jeff Ses-sions’ 39-minute recusal standard, it is clear that Attorney General Sessions must step aside. In fact, nothing less than the integrity of our democracy is at stake with this investigation. And I do not say that lightly. Nothing less than the integrity of our democracy is at stake with this investigation. What did everybody know? When did they know it? It is essential that the investigation be led by someone who—in both ap-pearance and in reality—is impartial and removed from politics. That does not describe someone who was in the trenches of a political campaign with the subjects of the investigation while they were allegedly engaged in the ac-tivity under investigation, or some-body who has been described by Steve Bannon as a ‘‘clearinghouse for policy and philosophy’’ for President Trump. For the good of the country, for the good of all of us—Republicans, Demo-crats, Independents—the Attorney General really has just one thing to do: Appoint a special counsel and let the public have the answers. What did ev-erybody know? When did they know it? It is pretty simple. The people of Vermont, and I suspect throughout the country, would like to have those an-swers that go to the bedrock of our de-mocracy. In my 42 years here, I have never seen anything that has concerned me so much as another country that does not have the best interests of the United States at heart trying to inter-fere in our election, another country trying to determine what the United States does. This is a country that does not have the United States’ best inter-ests at heart but a country that wants to manipulate the United States. This U.S. Senator, for the time I have in of-fice, will continue to speak out against it. Mr. DURBIN. Will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. LEAHY. Yes, of course, I will yield to the distinguished Senator. Mr. DURBIN. I thank my colleague from the State of Vermont and, for many years, my fellow colleague on the Senate Judiciary Committee for his statement. I couldn’t agree with him more that we need an independent, transparent investigation of this Rus-sian invasion into the body politic of America in an effort to subvert our sovereignty. It was made by a country that is not our friend and was made at a time when they were trying to influ-ence the outcome of an election. I just want to note to my colleague and friend from Vermont that during the break I visited Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine. It was interesting. In Po-land, they put up with the notion of Putin’s interference on a daily basis. The most frightening prospect, of course, is the movement of military forces, which we hope never occurs, but they look at it as a very real threat. They have what they call the hybrid war. They said it isn’t just the mili-tary; it is also his cyber attacks on our country, and it is also his propaganda on our country. One of the Polish leaders asked me a question: We have been wondering, Senator, if the United States is not willing to confront Russia with its in-vasion of your sovereignty in your Presidential election, would you be willing to stand up for your NATO al-lies if there is an effort of aggression by Putin? Would you be willing to stand up against Russia in those times? I think that is a legitimate issue. If we don’t take what the Senator has raised very seriously about putting independence in the investigation of this matter, and we don’t do it with dispatch, shame on us. But it is also going to say to the world that we did not respond in a positive and forceful way when it came to this aggression against the United States. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, if I might respond to my good friend and senior Senator from Illinois, he has been a friend and colleague for decades. The Judiciary Committee and the whole Senate has benefited from his knowledge. What the leader of Poland said to the distinguished Senator is a very chilling thing, Madam President. He knows from his own family ancestors how bad an area can be if it is under the domi-nation of something like the then-So-viet Union and now Russia. He also knows from his own experience as an American how important it is that we have the freedoms we have. I was privileged, along with my wife Marcelle and several others—Senator C
OCHRAN , Senator U DALL , and Senator B
ENNET and Congressman M CGOVERN — to visit Cuba and have long discussions with people who would like to see real democracy come, and then to go to Co-lombia where they have fought for over 50 years a terrible internal civil war with countless deaths and atrocities and to see how they were trying to bring back the rule of law and the rule of democracy. And we just sit there, and it is so easy for us who grew up in an era in which we believe in our de-mocracy and we believe in our voices being heard, where sometimes we win elections and sometimes we lose them, but we believe in the fairness of it. It is so easy to sit there and think: But we do it right. This makes me wonder. Can we con-tinue to say that? Can we be the bea-con to the rest of the world? Can we say: Do as the United States does be-cause we are open, we are transparent, we are honest. Well, this has not been open, trans-parent, or honest. Let’s make it so. Let’s not let it drag on. Let’s go to it now so people can then start debating issues. I expect there will be areas where I will agree with the new admin-istration and there are areas where I disagree with the new administration. But I want to know I am agreeing and disagreeing with an American adminis-tration, not with Vladimir Putin’s ad-ministration. So I am moved by what my friend from Illinois has said. I hope the rest of the country listens because we are sup-posed to be the example. We pride our-selves on being the example. We are the oldest existing democracy in the world. Let’s not do anything that will come back to haunt us. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. MORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF RYAN ZINKE  
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I am very pleased to see the majority of the Senate move forward and vote on the nomination of a fellow westerner, Mon-tana’s Congressman, and the next Sec-retary of the Interior, R
YAN ZINKE. I appreciate R
YAN’s willingness to serve in this very important post. The De-partment of the Interior is vital to Montana’s economy, and I am glad to see someone from the West selected to lead it. The job of the Interior Secretary is critically important, especially today as America’s public lands come under attack by way too many folks who want to see them transferred to the States or outright sold off. Selling them off to the States is the first step in selling our public lands to the high-est bidder, and we can’t let that hap-pen. Congressman Z
INKE has publicly said that he will not sell off our public lands nor transfer them to the States, and in Montana, your word is your bond. For that, I am pleased to support his nomination. Congressman Z
INKE’s to-do list is no doubt long, and I look forward to work-ing with him to check that list off for the people of Montana. Montana is home to some of the world’s most prized public lands, in-cluding Glacier and Yellowstone Na-tional Parks and the Bob Marshall Wil-derness. The fact is, our public lands are huge economic drivers, creating and sustaining more than 64,000 jobs in Montana alone through our outdoor recreation economy and thereby pump-ing billions of dollars back into our local economies. That is why, when a foreign mining company threatened the gateway to Yellowstone National Park, I was pleased that Congressman Z
INKE ex-pressed interest in joining me and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.018 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1433 February 27, 2017 
businesses and community leaders to protect it. I look forward to working with him to permanently safeguard the doorstep of Yellowstone National Park because Montanans know there are some places more valuable than gold, and Yellowstone is one of those places. I feel confident that Congressman Z
INKE will handle the issues before him with Montana common sense—issues like our national parks, and coming up with a responsible solution to the de-ferred maintenance backlog that is wreaking havoc on our national park system; the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund, and how to work with Con-gress and work in this administration to ensure full and devoted funding to initiatives like LWCF, the visionary Land and Water Conservation Fund; in Indian country, living up to our trust responsibilities that we owe to Amer-ica’s sovereign Indian nations; and in resource development, how to respon-sibly manage our public lands for en-ergy and resource development, and how to balance that with respect to clean water and clean air and wildlife. Of course, there are always some issues where Congressman Z
INKE and I don’t see eye-to-eye, but he has pub-licly committed to working with Con-gress to try and address some of the most important issues of this Nation’s economy as it applies to our public lands. Montana’s economy is no excep-tion, and I will take him at his word. As a Montanan, I know how impor-tant the Department of the Interior is to our way of life, and I am optimistic that Congressman Z
INKE will do right by Montana and the country in his new role. Montana will be watching. For that matter, the country will be watch-ing, and I know Congressman Z
INKE will make us proud. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, believe it or not, there are some smart people out there in America who are not bil-lionaires. I know it doesn’t seem like it as we debate yet another megarich Wall Street titan to head another de-partment in the Federal Government, but billionaires do not actually have a monopoly on wisdom in this country. But it doesn’t seem that this is what our new President thinks. If they all get confirmed, Donald Trump’s Cabinet will have a net wealth that is greater than one-third of all Americans. Think about that for a second. The Cabinet of the United States will have a net wealth all together that is greater than one-third of every single American— the poorest third of Americans—if you put them all together. He has nominated millionaires and billionaires to head the Department of Education, the Department of Labor, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Commerce—the nomi-nee we are now debating—and the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. He even nominated two of his rich friends to head the Army and the Navy. I heard President Trump talk over and over the past 2 years about how he was going to drain the swamp once he got here. As far as I can tell, all he has done thus far is just sell the swamp to his rich friends. I am not saying that billionaires like Wilbur Ross aren’t smart. You have to be pretty savvy in order to make all of that money for yourself or for your in-vestors. There is honor in making money. That is the American dream— to have the opportunity, if you want it, to become very rich, to become very af-fluent, to create a business that makes you, your family, and maybe those who invested in it very well off. I have a lot of friends who have made a lot of money in and around Wall Street. I don’t begrudge the fact that they did it. But making a lot of money for your-self doesn’t automatically equate to the ability to run an agency or to run a country. President Trump made a whole bunch of money for himself, but his first month on the job as President has been a series of not just domestic embar-rassments but international embar-rassments—writing Executive orders without even checking with the Cabi-net to see if what he is doing is legal or illegal; not being able to fill positions in the White House or in Federal agen-cies—the number of foreign diplomats who tell me they have no idea whom to call right now in the Federal Govern-ment is as embarrassing as it is mad-dening—getting into public spats with even our most reliable allies like Ger-many and Australia; spending most of his time in pitch battles with the media and his own staff, rather than working with us on trying to solve the problems of this country. Donald Trump is good at making money for himself, but those skills, as we have found, do not translate very well to running a country. Maybe that is because when the entire focus of your entire life is making as much money as humanly possible for your-self, you cannot pivot on a dime all of a sudden and start putting all of your energy into helping other people. Maybe life doesn’t work like that. So that is what really worries me about these billionaire nominees. A few weeks ago, I was on the floor talking about the now-Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. He spent his ca-reer at Exxon helping to build a very successful business, but in doing so, he hurt a lot of people. Exxon deals with horrible dictators who used those oil revenues in order to help murder thou-sands of their people. That was good for business, but it was awful for hu-manity. Andy Puzder, who is no longer a nominee for the Department of Labor, openly mocked his workers. He sug-gested they just got in the way of the efficient operation of his business, and he pined for the day when robots would replace them. Now we are debating Wilbur Ross to be Secretary of Commerce. Wilbur Ross made a lot of money for himself, but he has taken advantage of the very bad trade deals that this body has passed in order to offshore thousands of U.S. jobs. One such company that he owned, a textile company, employed 4,700 workers in factories in North Carolina and South Carolina. That was ineffi-cient in Wilbur Ross’s desire to make as much money for himself as he could. So he took those 4,700 jobs and he shipped them to Guatemala. He said: This project will benefit from Guate-mala’s realistic wages. When Mr. Ross acquired an auto parts factory in Carlisle, PA, a decade ago, in order to make more money for himself, he took a hard line with the workers, demanding cuts in wages and benefits that were worth between 25 and 30 percent of the workers’ earn-ings. That is what he needed to do in order to squeeze as much money out of that company to make himself a few extra million dollars. When the union rejected the demands of Mr. Ross and when the workers rejected those de-mands, he shut the plant down and moved their work to North Carolina, to Canada, and to Mexico. Wilbur Ross, Rex Tillerson, Steve Mnuchin, and Andy Puzder spent their entire lives obsessed with making as much money for themselves as possible and not letting anyone’s good fortune get in their way. They fired workers, they foreclosed on people’s homes, they shipped jobs overseas, and they sup-ported brutal dictators—all of it jus-tifiable as long as it meant they would make more money for themselves and for their investors. How on Earth has that become a qualification to serve the public, to serve at the highest level of the U.S. Government? I am on the floor today to oppose the nomination of Wilbur Ross to be Sec-retary of Commerce—not because he didn’t do a good job enriching himself through the myriad of businesses that he owned and operated during his time in the private sector but because dur-ing that time he trampled on the rights of workers, he offshored jobs, and he eliminated people’s livelihoods in order to make more money for himself. All of the things that Candidate Trump talked about taking on were the things that Wilbur Ross was doing as he took advantage of these trade agreements to kill jobs in the United States and off-shore them to other places. President Trump said he was going to fight for the working guy. He isn’t. He is doing the exact opposite. He is turn-ing the keys of this government over to his wealthy friends so that they can potentially profit off of taxpayer dol-lars, so that they can deregulate the industries that, by the way, they are going to return to when their term is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.020 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1434 February 27, 2017 
up. They will get richer, just like they have through their entire lives, while the rest of us pay for it. It is time for us to recognize that bil-lionaires in this country do not have a monopoly on wisdom. Sometimes the very skills that allow you to make a fortune for yourself don’t equate to the skills necessary to fight for everybody else through public service. I would urge my colleagues to oppose the nomi-nation of Wilbur Ross to be Secretary of Commerce. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise to voice my strong support for the nomi-nation of Wilbur Ross to be Secretary of Commerce. We held a hearing on his nomination on January 18, 2017. Mr. Ross has also completed the required paperwork and responded to all of the committee questions for the record. Five weeks ago, on January 24, the Commerce Committee acted by voice vote to favorably report his nomina-tion to the floor. We invoked cloture on Mr. Ross’s nomination by a vote margin of 66 to 31 on February 17, with 15 Democratic Senators voting to in-voke cloture. I am glad the Senate will finally con-firm his nomination today after a long and unnecessary delay. When he is con-firmed, Mr. Ross will bring decades of business, entrepreneurial, and civic ex-perience to this important position. Mr. Ross is perhaps best known for his expertise in revitalizing distressed businesses, such as those in the U.S. steel industry. At a time when most in-vestors had abandoned the industry, he organized the International Steel Group in 2002, and through acquisi-tions, he made it the largest integrated steel company in North America. Later, it merged with Mittal Steel to form the largest steel company in the world. It is for this reason that all of the major steel-industry labor unions also support his confirmation. I ask unanimous consent that the letter of support for the confirmation of Wilbur Ross from the United Steel-workers, dated January 9, 2017, be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclu-sion of my remarks. Mr. Ross’s nomination is also sup-ported by a bipartisan group of former Secretaries of Commerce, including Secretary William M. Daley, who served as Commerce Secretary under President Clinton, and later as Chief of Staff to President Barack Obama. Mr. Ross’s strong record of achieve-ment in business led Bloomberg Businessweek to name him one of the ‘‘50 Most Influential People in Global Finance’’ in 2011. It is also why he is the only person elected to both the Turnaround Management Hall of Fame and the Private Equity Hall of Fame. Mr. Ross’s nomination comes at an important time in our Nation’s eco-nomic recovery. I believe his extensive management experience in the private sector and his understanding of the challenges faced by workers and busi-nesses alike will equip him well for the job of leading the Department of Com-merce. This large Department, which has 12 different bureaus and nearly 47,000 em-ployees located in all 50 States and around the world, oversees a diverse array of issues, from trade to fishery management and from weather fore-casting to the Census Bureau. Mr. Ross’s experience turning around busi-nesses should help them anticipate and mitigate the risk of major programs like FirstNet, the independent author-ity charged with creating a nationwide broadband network for first responders and the acquisition of critical weather satellites by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. I would also like to underscore that the collaboration between the public and private sectors is one of the hall-marks of the Department’s work, as ex-emplified by the ongoing development of cyber security best practices and standards, which the Commerce Com-mittee has strongly endorsed. I look forward to Mr. Ross continuing his col-laboration and strengthening it where necessary. I believe Mr. Ross’s business know- how and intelligence make him an ex-cellent candidate to serve as the next Secretary of Commerce. I strongly sup-port his nomination. I hope my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle will support his nomination as well. It is high time we got this position filled and got this experienced person—some-one who has a wide range of know-how all across the business sector and our economy—into a position where he can make a difference in helping to create jobs and grow this economy for our country. I see that my colleague from Florida, Senator NELSON , the ranking Democrat on the Commerce Committee, is here as well. I would love to yield the floor to him and hear what he has to say about this nomination. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
UNITED STEELWORKERS , Pittsburgh, PA, January 9, 2017. U
NITED STATES SENATE , Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR : On behalf of the United Steelworkers (USW) representing hundreds of thousands of American workers, we urge you to support Wilbur Ross, Chairman and Chief Strategy Officer of WL Ross & Co., LLC, to serve as Secretary of the U.S. De-partment of Commerce. Mr. Ross has shown a deep commitment to the future of our domestic manufacturing sector. Many of us have seen firsthand how he has worked to keep production and manu-facturing jobs here in the U.S. The USW worked directly with Mr. Ross to save thou-sands of jobs in the steel industry at a time of crisis. In fact, there are now thousands of our members in the steel and auto parts sec-tors that are working because of our ability to work together to save a critical piece of America’s industrial base. He knows what it takes to get the economy back on track, create jobs, and keep jobs from leaving the United States and build a framework so that American workers and companies are competitive and innovative in the 21st Century. There is much work to be done to restore America’s manufacturing base and the good jobs it supports. As Sec-retary, Wilbur Ross will be someone who has a deep understanding of the challenges this vital sector faces. We urge the Senate to move swiftly on his nomination and look forward to working with him to create more jobs for American workers. Sincerely, LEOW. G ERARD , USW International President. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I, too, support Wilbur Ross. I know him. He lives in Palm Beach. I think he is a very good selection to be our next Sec-retary of Commerce. He is certainly qualified to do this job. He gave exten-sive answers during his confirmation hearing before the Commerce Com-mittee. He has accumulated significant experience in dealing with the inter-national business community, and he has detailed to the committee—in our examination of him, he detailed many of his ideas. There have been some questions that have been raised about some of his business ties, particularly involving some of his foreign activities. One ex-ample is the Bank of Cyprus, which has significant levels of Russian invest-ment. In the wake of the former Na-tional Security Advisor, General Flynn’s resignation and under the overhanging question of the unlawful Russian involvement in a U.S. election, I certainly thought that it was prudent to get Mr. Ross’s assurances on this matter in his dealings with the Bank of Cyprus and certain Russians who were involved in the Bank of Cyprus, so on February 16, I sent him a letter, along with four other members of the Com-merce Committee, requesting informa-tion on any contact Russian investors in the Bank of Cyprus may have with officials from the Trump campaign or the Trump organization. I have spoken with Mr. Ross on at least two occasions since sending him the letter, one of those being today. He has verbally reit-erated to me that he only had one meeting, approximately an hour, with one of the bank’s Russian investors and that it occurred in 2014. The timing is important—2014—because that was be-fore the Presidential campaign. He also assured me that he knows of no loans or interaction between the bank and anyone affiliated with the Trump cam-paign or organization. Mr. Ross has been forthcoming with me, and I believe him in what he has told me, that it is true to his belief. But I want to say that at the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.023 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1435 February 27, 2017 
time, the White House and the way they have handled this matter is not doing Wilbur Ross any favors. There are a number of Senators on the Com-merce Committee who are extremely troubled and frustrated that the White House has chosen to sit on Mr. Ross’s written response to the questions I and other Senators have posed, and they have refused to provide them to the Senate prior to tonight’s vote. This is despite repeated phone calls to the White House—repeated phone calls. It is also despite repeated phone calls from me to Mr. Ross to ask him to get the White House off the dime since he has told me he has already filled out the answers in writing—they are just sitting in the White House. So there is someone in the White House who is making the decision that they don’t want the Senate to have, in writing, what Mr. Ross has told me verbally in a private conversation. If that is any indication of the level of transparency Congress and the American people can expect from this White House, then it appears that there is going to be a lot left on the floor and there is going to be the ap-pearance of being in the dark on a lot of important matters. That is not the way you do confirmations. You do it in a collaborative fashion, especially when you have a good nominee like Wilbur Ross. The President proposes, the Congress disposes. The President nominates, the Congress confirms. Not only is this lack of transparency unsettling, it is behavior that everyone in this Senate should agree is unac-ceptable and should not be tolerated. I do not want this to be taken out on Wilbur Ross because of the administra-tion’s secretive behavior. Instead, as I said at the outset, following my col-league, the chairman of the committee, I am going to urge our colleagues to support his nomination, but the prob-lem is that Wilbur Ross is going to get fewer ‘‘yes’’ votes than if the White House would release his written state-ments to all of those Senators’ ques-tions. As I said, I know Wilbur Ross. He is a good man. One of the reasons, aside from this problem of communication with the White House, is that Wilbur Ross brought forth candid answers about the work of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA. That agency, which is a part of the Department of Commerce, impacts the daily lives of every single Amer-ican. NOAA provides the satellite data that is critical to observing hurricanes and severe weather and everyday fore-casts that we have now come to rely on, that we pull up on our smartphones to find out what the weather is going to be. Where do you think that comes from? A lot of it comes from data from NOAA satellites. Through the National Weather Serv-ice, NOAA provides the weather fore-casts that drive this economy, answer-ing questions like whether a farmer’s crops are going to get rain today or warning of dangerous tornadoes, par-ticularly plaguing the State of the Pre-siding Officer. Of course, we remember the ones that just devastated parts of Georgia and Florida just a few weeks ago. The National Ocean Service tells us if ships will have enough clearance to get their cargo into a port on time be-cause it often depends on the tide as to how much depth there is with that heavy load of cargo, if they can get in the channel. NOAA also provides world-class science regarding atmospheric condi-tions, including climate change and its impacts. My State of Florida, the im-pacts of climate change—we are ground zero. It is not unusual now that at sea-sonal monthly high tides, the streets of Miami Beach are flooded, and city wellfields have now had to be moved further to the west away from the At-lantic Ocean because of the rise of sea level and therefore the saltwater intru-sion into the freshwater aquifer. Since 2006, Miami Beach has flooded signifi-cantly more often than it used to. Rain-related flooding events in south-east Florida have increased by 33 per-cent, and tide-related flooding has in-creased by a whopping 400 percent. That is not good for business. We simply cannot afford to deny what is happening. The impacts of cli-mate change are affecting Florida. They are also affecting a lot of other places around the world, read: Ban-gladesh. NOAA quite literally saves lives and property, so naturally I fully expect any nominee for Secretary of Com-merce to unequivocally support the ability of the experts at NOAA to do what they do best: collect the data, do the research, and provide critical prod-ucts and services to the public free from political interference and free from censorship. The Department of Commerce has three Nobel laurate scientists who are employees. While some of the nominees for other key administration posts have either been less than forthright, less than committal, or less than knowledgeable about the very real threat posed by climate change, Wilbur Ross candidly and explicitly assured me during his nomination hearing in our Commerce Committee that he be-lieves—and I will quote him—that ‘‘science should be left to the sci-entists.’’ I urge his fellow Cabinet nominees to follow suit. Don’t do what we have seen—the intimidation tech-niques of saying that you can’t use the term ‘‘climate change’’ or ‘‘sea level rise.’’ Let the scientists do their work. Wilbur Ross also assured me that he would work collaboratively ‘‘to address the impacts of changes in sea level and ocean temperatures on coastal commu-nities and fisheries.’’ So I want to say to the Senate that I appreciate Wilbur Ross’s candor, his commitment, and his recognition that the important weather and climate work being done in NOAA directly ben-efits commerce. I am confident he is going to follow through. I also want to thank him, at his age, for offering himself for public service. This is a very schooled, experienced in-dividual. I hope this hiccup with the White House not being transparent and not returning what he has already written as answers to the Senator’s questions— this problem—is going to disappear and, that rather than hinder him, as they have, they will instead support him, as they should. For that reason, I am here to ask my colleagues to vote yes on Wilbur Ross’s nomination. I yield the floor. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, creating jobs, fostering economic growth, maintaining sustainable devel-opment, and improving standards of living of all Americans are central tasks for any administration, and they are the mission of the Commerce De-partment. Congress created the Department of Commerce and Labor in 1903, and then renamed the Department of Commerce in 1913 as the offices working on labor were transferred to the Department of Labor. Through 12 bureaus and nearly 47,000 employees, the Department runs programs that affect broad swaths of the American economy. The Department includes the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, which warns of dan-gerous weather, charts seas, and pro-tects ocean and coastal resources. The Department includes the Patent and Trademark Office, which fosters tech-nology and innovation, and the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, headquartered in Gaithersburg, MD, which promotes innovation and in-dustrial competitiveness. The Depart-ment includes the Census Bureau and Bureau of Economic Analysis, which provide economic data to help business and policymakers make intelligent de-cisions. The Department includes the International Trade Administration, which ensures that Americans have ac-cess to international markets and safe-guards Americans from unfair competi-tion. And the Department includes the Economic Development Administra-tion to promote job growth in economi-cally distressed communities. To run the Commerce Department, President Trump has nominated Wilbur Ross, Jr., a 79-year-old private-equity billionaire with extensive holdings and extensive potential conflicts of inter-est. I have real questions about wheth-er Mr. Ross is out of touch with ordi-nary Americans. And I have real ques-tions about whether Mr. Ross’s per-sonal interests will conflict with his job as Commerce Secretary, if he is confirmed. The Commerce Secretary enforces our trade laws, including against major trade competitors like China. Last year, Mr. Ross told Bloomberg TV that he had extensive holdings in China. Mr. Ross said, ‘‘We have—various portfolio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.026 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1436 February 27, 2017 
companies have almost 20 factories doing one thing or another over there.’’ And the New York Times reported that Mr. Ross is vice chairman of the Bank of Cyprus, making him a de facto busi-ness partner with Viktor F. Vekselberg, one of Russia’s most prominent businesspeople and a person with ties to the Kremlin. Several news-papers have reported that Mr. Ross plans to keep millions of dollars in-vested in offshore entities whose values could be affected by policies that he implements as Commerce Secretary. Mr. Ross reported plans to hold on to investments in an oil-tanker company and 10 other entities that invest in shipping and real estate financing, ac-cording to Federal financial-disclosure and ethics filings cited in the reports. I have questions about Mr. Ross’s ability to work for Americans. Start-ing in the 1990s, Mr. Ross ran an invest-ment firm that specialized in dis-tressed assets. The Securities and Ex-change Commission said that Mr. Ross’s firm had failed to disclose how it calculates its fees for some funds, which led to investors to pay roughly $10.4 million of management fees that they should not have in the decade leading up to 2011. The Commerce Secretary is a part of the President’s economic team; yet Mr. Ross appears all too willing to play fast and loose with fiscal showdowns. When, in April 2011, Bloomberg’s Mark Crumpton asked Mr. Ross whether S&P’s downgrade of America’s credit rating is ‘‘a step in the right direc-tion,’’ Mr. Ross said it was. Ross said: ‘‘Well I think it’s a step in the right di-rection in that it will put pressure on the Democrats in the Senate and on the President to go along with some of the Republican reviews about really cutting the budget deficit and ulti-mately cutting the total indebtedness of the United States. So in that limited sense I think it is a step in the right di-rection.’’ Mr. Ross was all too quick to dismiss the strain that a furlough put on Fed-eral Government workers. In October 2013, CNBC’s Betty Liu had this ex-change with Mr. Ross: 
Ross: I think shutting down the govern-ment—so-called shutting down the govern-ment, which it’s not really shut down— Liu: What do you mean? Ross: Well, many parts of it are still quite open. And it’s just at the fringe that it—that it really matters. Liu: Yeah, but tell that to the government workers though who are furloughed, right? Ross: Yeah, but they’re going to get their pay. They know they’ll get their back pay. So I don’t see that that’s a permanent dam-age. 
Mr. Ross was all too quick to dismiss the pain of homeowners who lost their homes in the financial crisis. Bloomberg TV’s Betty Liu had this ex-change with Mr. Ross: 
Ross: I think you have to look far and wide to find a home owner who’s an actual victim. These are all theoretical things. They’re mostly technical problems that the banks did wrong. To the best of my knowledge— Liu: I think it’d be really hard to find, to pinpoint down to individuals, right? Ross: Well there’s never been a case that I know of where someone was dispossessed who didn’t have a mortgage and wasn’t in de-fault. Liu: What do you mean? Ross: Well all these claims that there was robo signing and all these imperfections, that’s true. Those were not what should be. But the real question is was anyone actually dispossessed wrongly. Liu: Of their property. Ross: Yeah, incorrectly. And I don’t think you find a single case. The Commerce Secretary oversees the NOAA and the National Weather Service. But in a conversation with Fox Business’s Neil Cavuto, Mr. Ross was dismissive of the reality of climate change. Mr. Ross said: ‘‘Well, I think unless the weatherman can tell me if it will rain tomorrow why would I believe you can make a 100 year forecast. So, I’m skeptical about the underlying basis.’’ And so President Trump has nomi-nated to be Commerce Secretary a per-son who has so much wealth and so many foreign interests that it appears that it will be difficult for him to work in the interests of middle-class Ameri-cans. His extensive foreign business in-terests call into question his ability to fight to enforce America’s trade laws. Mr. Ross has expressed cavalier atti-tudes toward economic brinksmanship and shown little concern for the people laid off or who lose their homes as a re-sult. And Mr. Ross has expressed an open skepticism toward the reality of climate change that calls into question his ability to run the agency that does research into global climate. For these reasons, I cannot support his nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ENDING GLOBAL HUNGER  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I am here on the floor tonight to speak about our Nation’s efforts to end global hunger. It is an undertaking that countless individuals, foundations, and government agencies have devoted a significant amount of time, resources, and effort attempting to solve. Those who have dedicated their lives to feeding the hungry deserve our deep-est gratitude and respect. They made the decision to improve the lives of others less fortunate than themselves, and they often have done that at their own loss of comfort and their own well- being. There is no nobler a calling than trying to do something for someone else, especially when it costs you some-thing as well. Regardless of our faith, our creed, or our religion, almost all of us are taught early in life that it is our duty to help those in need. Americans con-sistently have taken that moral re-sponsibility to heart. As individuals, we help our neighbors through our churches and other local organizations. We help feed our hometowns. As a country, we lead the world in providing food aid to millions of people who are in need of that assistance. In 1983, at a signing of a World Food Day proclamation, President Reagan cited 450 million people in developing countries who were undernourished. Our global population has risen by 3 billion people since that time, and today there are nearly 800 million un-dernourished people in the world who do not have enough food to lead healthy, normal lives. While strides are being made in the fight against food insecurity, it is clear that our commitment cannot waiver, and ending hunger must remain a pri-ority. At that same White House ceremony, President Reagan chided the Soviet Union for failing to provide humani-tarian relief to those in need. President Reagan offered a direct challenge to the Kremlin to explain why the Soviet Union only provided weapons but not food assistance to the underdeveloped world. While the threats in the world today are different than those faced during the Cold War, American food assistance remains a powerful foreign policy tool. American food aid elevates our coun-try’s moral standing and leadership in the world, as realized by President Reagan, but our efforts to reduce food insecurity also serve our own national interests by promoting political, eco-nomic, and social stability in the world. Food-related hardships and hunger— either due to price increases or food shortages—act as a catalyst for pro-tests and armed conflicts. We have wit-nessed regions of the world that are critical to America’s strategic inter-ests descend into chaos due to people not having access to affordable food. From 2007 to 2011, spikes in global food prices led to increased food inse-curity and unrest in the world. In the Middle East and North Africa, food-re-lated challenges were one of the major drivers of the mass uprising that we call the Arab Spring. In Syria, Islamic State rebels use the promise of food and basic necessities to recruit soldiers. Food shortages have led refugees to leave camps and return to an active war zone in search of food for themselves and their families. Closer to home, food prices contrib-uted to rioting in Haiti in 2007 and 2008. As food prices increased and economic conditions deteriorated, U.S. Coast Guard interceptions of people from Haiti attempting to immigrate to our country rose by 20 percent, straining Coast Guard resources. The National Intelligence Council warns that a continuation of the funda-mental contributors to food insecu-rity—such as expanding populations, slowing of agricultural yields, and gaps in infrastructure and distribution sys-tems—will result in increased food in-security, hunger, and instability in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.023 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1437 February 27, 2017 
Middle East, Africa, and South Asia over the next 10 years without greater, greater intervention by the United States and others. In America, we take our food system for granted. Americans spend less than 10 percent of our disposable income on food. Even though less than 2 percent of our country is directly engaged in farming, Americans have direct access to the safest, most affordable, and highest quality food in the world. I am proud of the wheat farmers and the ranchers in my home State of Kan-sas. Agriculture production is a noble calling. Feeding the world is important and a meaningful way to spend one’s life, and Kansas families have done it for generations. Our country’s food system at home is critical to our own security and well- being, and helping other countries achieve food security and stability serves our national interests as well. Utilizing U.S.-grown commodities in food aid programs also benefits Amer-ican farmers and ranchers by creating export markets for our agricultural products, sometimes reducing an ex-cess of supply. Almost 10 percent of exports of the hard red winter wheat grown in Kansas in 2016 was utilized by international food programs, representing a signifi-cant market share for wheat grown in our State. Today’s low commodity prices only serve to highlight the need for ag export markets for producers. A few months ago, I called on the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment and the Department of Agri-culture to significantly increase the amount of wheat in our global food aid programs. Our country’s abundance of food im-parts a moral duty to provide humani-tarian relief to those in need. We have witnessed great unsettlement and mass migration in the world due to political instability and civil wars. The vast ma-jority of people affected, including dis-placed refugees whose lives were up-rooted and whose ability to feed them-selves was taken away, are suffering through no fault of their own. In other parts of the world, people are born into such poverty that simply finding sufficient food is a daily chal-lenge. Reading recent articles, the question has often been: Where am I going to find food to feed my family? People in Cambodia indicate they have no idea. It is a day-to-day, mo-ment-to-moment, meal-to-meal experi-ence. Even if that food is available, it is often not accessible to people with-out the means to pay for it. Many of these people—weary, deso-late, and hungry—survive only because of the generosity of the American peo-ple. Those hungry and less fortunate depend on a nation with moral strength and clarity to give them a helping hand. There is still more work to be done in the fight against hunger, and America ought to continue to rise to the chal-lenge of providing food and helping people feed themselves throughout the world. It is a turbulent world stricken with conflict, and sometimes the hunger and problem seem so great that it would be easy just to walk away and say it is too big of a problem to solve. But certainly we have the ability. We have the means to feed one per-son. If we can feed one, why not two? And if we can all feed two, why not three? We can’t simply look at this chal-lenge as being too big to overcome and that the world will always have hungry people and then just say: We have no responsibility to respond. Food aid provided by the U.S. reduces despair and increases stability. My point is that it has a moral component. It is the right thing to do, but it is also beneficial to our own Nation, providing stability around the globe and increas-ing our own national security. The importance of these issues moti-vated me when I was in the House to chair the House Hunger Caucus, and now I cochair the Senate Hunger Cau-cus. I can’t remember what year it was, but I had a midlife crisis. I have prob-ably had several since then. But my thoughts were at that point in time, back in my House days, that at least then I thought of myself as a pretty good Member of Congress. I answered the mail. I met with constituents. I visited my State on a weekend-by- weekend basis. I had input. I did the things that a good Member of Congress is supposed to do. I represented my constituents well. But we all can do something more than just be a good Member of Con-gress, and that was my conclusion. If there is an issue that we want to cham-pion, if there is an issue on which we want to make a difference, if there is a moral cause we want to rise to the oc-casion to support, hunger, particularly for Congressman—now a Senator—from Kansas, ought to be a place I put my stake in the ground and go to work. I suppose I have taken a few months off of this issue—and maybe I am hav-ing another midlife crisis—but it is time for me to reengage and to engage effectively as best I can to see that we live up to a moral commitment that also benefits our own country. So I now cochair the Senate Hunger Caucus. I have since I came to the Sen-ate. I serve with a number of my col-leagues, including the one who is on the floor tonight, the Senator from Illi-nois. I ask my colleagues to join us in the effort to meet the needs of a hun-gry world, to take the step to see that one more person is fed, one more fam-ily has less insecurity, one more moth-er or father no longer worries about whether their children are going to go to bed hungry. Former Kansas Senator Bob Dole has set many standards in the way that he led his life, which we should all aspire to meet, not the least of which is his unwavering commitment to ending hunger. Those of us in this Senate today ought to seek to carry on Sen-ator Dole’s legacy. I would encourage my colleagues to join me and others as we work to put the Senate Hunger Cau-cus together, to enhance its ability to address the issues that we face in the real world to fight hunger. I am committed to reengaging these efforts. Along with the other caucus cochairs—Senators B
OOZMAN , C ASEY , D
URBIN , and B ROWN —I would extend an invitation to each of my colleagues to join that caucus so that we can take the small step of fighting hunger by be-coming more knowledgeable, more aware and engaging in the moral and strategic battle to end hunger around the globe. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me start by commending my colleague from Kansas. It is an honor to join him in this Senate Hunger Caucus effort. He does it in the tradition of Senator Bob Dole of Kansas. Along with George McGovern, they were two of the most unlikely political allies. They really dedicated a large part of their public lives to fighting hunger. I am happy to join him in the mem-ory of Paul Simon, who did the same for the State of Illinois. So I am look-ing forward to joining the Senator in this effort. I hope the Senator doesn’t have to suffer another midlife crisis in the future. Let’s continue this in a good bipartisan spirit. I thank the Senator from Kansas. Mr. President, I have come to the floor repeatedly in recent months to raise concerns about the Russian cyber act of war against our Nation, about Russia’s aggression elsewhere against the West, this President’s disturbing alliance with Russia, and the majority party’s incredible silence on the Senate floor on these matters. Well, I just spent several days vis-iting our allies in Eastern Europe—no-tably Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine— and return even more concerned. You see, regardless of the partisan leanings of who is in government in these nations, the concern is the same. Is the United States, history’s cham-pion of democracy and collective secu-rity in Europe, backing away from these values and commitments just as Russia is more aggressively chal-lenging them? Is the American President really using phrases like ‘‘enemy of the peo-ple’’ to describe a free press—a term used by Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, that was so ominous that Soviet Pre-mier Nikita Khrushchev later de-manded the Communist Party halt its use because it ‘‘eliminated the possi-bility of any kind of ideological fight’’? Are the Trump administration’s bi-zarre blinders to Vladimir Putin’s ag-gression and true nature—and the si-lence of too many of my Republican colleagues on this danger—a harbinger of some kind of Western retreat to the Russians? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.032 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1438 February 27, 2017 
Well, I met with many of our dedi-cated diplomatic and military per-sonnel in the region who, as part of ramped up reassurance efforts by the previous administration, are working to keep Putin in check. These included more than 100 U.S. military personnel working with their Lithuanian counterparts about an hour outside of the capital in Rukla. These U.S. troops and their colleagues rotate out of Poland and throughout the Bal-tics to augment their NATO partners in deterring a Russian attack. Mr. President, the concerns about Russian aggression are legitimate and warrant serious attention. Let’s take a look at just recent Russian actions in Europe. One day after President Trump spoke to Putin on the phone in late January, Russian-backed separatists increased their fighting in Ukraine— 1eading to the highest death toll in months. After Vice President P
ENCE tried to reassure allies at the Munich Security Conference the other week, Russia agreed to start accepting identification documents issued by the separatists in eastern Ukraine—one step closer to an-nexing the illegally seized territory. Putin is strong-arming Belarussian President Lukashenko to allow Rus-sian troops to remain based in Belarus following an upcoming significant mili-tary exercise. Russia is putting more and more sophisticated weapons into Kaliningrad, which when combined with permanent troops in Belarus, will significantly increase security threats to the region. Russia just announced a referendum to rename land it illegally seized by force in Georgia. Putin is trying to stir unrest in Kosovo where NATO is trying to main-tain stability after the horrific vio-lence of the Balkan war. He attempted a coup in Montenegro. And Russia con-tinues its aggressive disinformation campaign and cyber attacks through-out Europe, trying to manipulate elec-tions and sow instability and lack of trust in democratic institutions. One Polish expert summed all this up wise-ly, saying ‘‘if the United States does not respond to the Russian attack on its election, Putin will feel he has a free hand to keep taking such desta-bilizing actions in the West.’’ I worry that is what is already happening. So, what is the response to these ac-tions by this White House and the ma-jority party—the party of Ronald Reagan who understood the Russians so well? So far, with the exception of a few important voices, largely silence. In fact, as I have mentioned here be-fore, since October when the first intel-ligence reports came out about the Russian attack on our election, not a single Republican has come to the floor to discuss this act of cyber war by a former KGB official on our country. And our President, who has attacked hundreds by Twitter for even the most benign perceived slight, has refused to say anything negative about Putin. Obviously, we need to get to the bot-tom of the Russia attacks on our elec-tion and if anyone in the Trump cam-paign had inappropriate contact with the Russians. An independent commis-sion led by respected individuals such as Sandra Day O’Connor or Colin Pow-ell could lead such an effort. And we need to see the President’s tax returns to clarify what his son said in 2008 re-garding Trump’s businesses seeing ‘‘a lot of money pouring in from Russia.’’ We need to pass the bipartisan Rus-sian sanctions bills pending in the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee—one that tightens sanctions on Russia for its actions here and abroad and one that requires congressional approval before any sanctions on Russia are lift-ed. And we need to make sure we include continued support to Ukraine and for the European Reassurance Initiative in our next appropriations bills. Mr. President, I remember as a young Congressman trying to get into Lith-uania more than 25 years ago when it courageously tried to hold an election breaking free from the Soviet Union. Those brave Lithuanians had little but their idealism and a few rifles to protect themselves from the Soviet tanks. But in the end they prevailed, and one by one, Eastern European nations freed themselves from Communist tyr-anny, a struggle Ukraine is still fight-ing against Russia. Today one can still visit the KGB museum in the capital of Lithuania—a hall of horrors that nobody should ever forget. One Lithuanian member of par-liament I met, who remembers life not only under the Soviets but also under the Nazis, recalled how his mother had survived 4 years in a Nazi concentra-tion camp. He emotionally said that he had al-ways seen the United States as the champion of freedom, democracy, and a Western global order. I could tell he was deeply worried about any back-sliding on that important role and any possibility of returning to the darker days in Europe. I don’t know exactly what Steve Bannon is whispering in Trump’s ear regarding his dark world view and in-difference to the transatlantic Western alliance, but this post World War II partnership has served American and global interests. The relationship has brought stability to Europe after dec-ades of horrific war. It has brought de-mocracy and common markets and served as a check against the Soviet Union and now Russia. I am glad Vice President P
ENCE made some references to this at the Munich Security Conference, but those words will not be enough on their own. Quite simply, any sympathies in the White House with Russian efforts to under-mine the transatlantic relationship are outrageous and dangerous, and I will oppose them here in the Senate. To reiterate, Mr. President, during the Presidents Day break, I took a trip to three capitals, which I consider to be timely and important visits: War-saw, Poland; Vilnius, Lithuania, and Kiev, Ukraine. I have been to these cit-ies many times, and I have a particular attachment to them. My mother was born in Lithuania, and so returning there, as I have for over 35 years, I have seen a sweep of history as that small Baltic State has moved from a republic of the Soviet Union to a free and independent nation today. I am so proud of the courage of Lithuanians that had brought them to this moment. Going to Warsaw, Poland, is natural for a Senator from Chicago. We have more Polish Americans in that city and in our State than anyplace outside of Poland. We are very proud of our Polish heritage. They are wonderful people. They are not only hard-work-ing, good Polish Americans, but they are also always thinking about their own homeland, which was under the control of the Warsaw Pact, a Soviet- inspired alliance, for decades, at the expense of their freedom. I also visited Kiev, Ukraine. That capital has become well known to many of us since the invasion by Vladi-mir Putin, which is the point I would like to make. The thing that ties these three coun-tries together, despite their differences in history, is the fact that if you ask each of these countries today to iden-tify the major external threat to their existence and to their freedom, they would identify Vladimir Putin of Rus-sia. I found that in Warsaw, again in Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, as well as in Ukraine. It was interesting—and Senator JEANNE SHAHEEN joined me on my trip to visit Poland—that as we met with the leaders of that nation, we heard re-peatedly their concerns about Russian aggression. It was something that was critically important to them. They were heartened by statements made by Vice President P
ENCE at the Munich conference about the future of the NATO alliance, but let’s put it in con-text. The reason the Vice President had to travel from Washington to Mu-nich, Germany, to say to the Western world that was gathered there that the NATO alliance was still strong was be-cause the current President of the United States, Donald Trump, had tweeted that NATO was obsolete, and one of his followers, Steve Bannon of Breitbart fame, had questioned wheth-er we should be engaging in these kinds of alliances. Well, I think those alliances are crit-ical. The NATO alliance has been one of the most successful in history. So when Vice President P
ENCE went to Munich to assure our NATO allies that we were still on their side, it was an important message. I did find one other thing telling and memorable about that trip to Warsaw. One of the Polish leaders said to me: We have read that the Russians in-vaded your election. We are used to this. He called it the hybrid war. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.025 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1439 February 27, 2017 
said: It isn’t just aggression by Rus-sians with military aggression, which is scary enough, but it is a war of cyber aggression and a war of propaganda, and clearly Vladimir Putin believed in your last Presidential election that he could use some of those same tactics that he uses against Poland and the Baltics in the United States. This lead-er in Poland then challenged me: What are you going to do about that? Now that you know that Vladimir Putin has invaded your election, now that your intelligence agencies tell you that, will you do something? Will you take this seriously? Will you investigate it? He said: Our worry in Poland is, if you will not respond to Vladimir Putin’s inva-sion into your cyber space, what will you do if he invades Poland? Will you stand by us as you promised in article 5? If you don’t take him seriously when he invades your sovereignty, will you take it seriously when he invades ours? It is an important question and a right question. I hope we take a lesson from it—not to take Vladimir Putin for granted, not to view him as a superhero or great leader but to under-stand that people around the world are watching to see how we react to this Russian invasion of our election. In Lithuania, they face propaganda on a daily basis. German troops under the flag of NATO are now in Lithuania making it clear that we are committed to the future and security of that na-tion. What did Vladimir Putin and the Russian propagandists do as soon as these German troops moved into Lith-uania? They created an absolutely false rumor that a German soldier had raped a Lithuanian woman. It wasn’t true, but it was the kind of false information that they have spread in the hopes of undermining the confidence of Lith-uania and the NATO alliance. I met with the President of Lith-uania, Dalia Grybauskaite, and she is a very decisive leader. I thought of Mar-garet Thatcher’s style when I met with President Grybauskaite. She is an ‘‘Iron Lady’’ in her own right to pro-tect Lithuania and other Baltic States from Russian aggression. The last trip we made was to Ukraine, and Congressman M
IKE Q
UIGLEY of Chicago joined me in that visit. In that visit, we had a chance to meet late at night, 9 o’clock at night with the President of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, who was kindly waiting for us to get off the plane and come join him at his Presidential offices. They are struggling even to this day. As President Trump is in conversation with President Putin about future rela-tionships, sadly, at that very same mo-ment, aggression by the Russians in Ukraine was growing. Over 10,000 peo-ple have been injured or died now be-cause of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. There is speculation, and I hope it is just that, that some back-room negotiations are underway to rec-ognize this Russian aggression in Ukraine. I sincerely hope that never happens. We should never condone what Vladimir Putin has done to that country of Ukraine. They are strug-gling now to get back on their feet. They are making reforms that are un-popular but necessary. They are strengthening their economy and at the same time they are fighting a war. I left there with two resolves. One was to make sure we provide military equipment necessary for Ukraine to be successful to ward off this Russian ag-gression; No. 2, to continue to work with them in terms of building their economy and reform; and, No. 3, that we have a visible physical presence with those NATO forces in the Baltic States and in Poland. We have a great alliance in these countries. In Poland the Illinois National Guard has been a longtime ally of the Polish forces, and we are very proud of that relationship. When it came to Lithuania, we were able to see a group from Fort Carson in Colorado. It was a tank command. I never saw prouder soldiers in my life— American soldiers anxious to show this Senator the Abrams M1 and the fight-ing vehicles they were using preparing for the possibility of defending Lith-uania and the Baltics. It was an inspir-ing moment. I made my statement part of the record, and I know the Senator from South Dakota is seeking the floor, but I left there committed to the NATO al-liance and committed to the effort to stop the aggression of Vladimir Putin, committed as well to come home to the United States and say to my colleagues in the Senate and House that we have to take it seriously when Vladimir Putin tries to change the outcome of an American election. It is a sad day in American history. I believe November 8, 2016, is a day that will live in cyber infamy for what Vladimir Putin tried to do in the United States. For us to ig-nore it, to sweep it under the table, to hide it behind some committee door, when no one knows what is going on in-side, is not the appropriate answer. We need an independent, transparent in-vestigation of what the Russians did, a special prosecutor at the executive level, and an independent commission like the 9/11 Commission, headed by no-table Americans like GEN Colin Powell or Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, who will bring all the facts to light so we know once and for all the truth of what happened and make certain it never happens again. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from South Da-kota. 
REPEALING AND REPLACING OBAMACARE  
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, 2 weeks ago, major health insurer Humana announced its decision to completely withdraw from ObamaCare exchanges for 2018. The company deci-sion was not particularly surprising. Humana had already sharply reduced its participation in the exchanges for 2017, but the decision did confirm yet again that President Obama’s healthcare law is on its last legs. Choices on the exchanges declined sharply for 2017 as insurer after insurer cut back on participation. Nearly one- third of U.S. counties have just one choice of insurer on their exchange for 2017. Meanwhile premiums on the ex-changes are soaring. Exchange pre-miums increased a staggering 25 per-cent on average for 2017. That is a 25- percent premium increase for just 1 year. How many working families can afford a 25-percent increase in their healthcare premiums for 1 year? Things are even worse in some States. Seven States saw an average premium increase of more than 50 per-cent for 1 year. It is no surprise that many people who have ObamaCare in-surance have found they can’t afford to actually use their plan. Well, Demo-crats can talk about coverage all they want, but coverage doesn’t mean much if you can’t afford to actually take ad-vantage of it. It is time to give the American peo-ple some relief. Over the next few weeks, Congress will continue with the process of repealing and replacing ObamaCare. Our priority is replacing ObamaCare with personalized, patient- centered healthcare that is affordable for every American. ObamaCare was supposed to lower healthcare costs for Americans, but it has spectacularly failed to do so. Our reform efforts will focus on keeping healthcare affordable, including increasing competition, ex-panding innovation, and increasing flexibility. ObamaCare has defaulted to a one- size-fits-all solution when it comes to healthcare. That means that many Americans have found themselves pay-ing for healthcare that they don’t need or want. We need much more flexibility in in-surance plans. A thriving healthcare system would offer a wide variety of choices that would allow Americans to pick a plan that is tailored to their needs. We also need to give Americans the tools to better manage their healthcare and to control costs. Along with keeping healthcare affordable, we are going to focus on restoring deci-sionmaking power to the American people. ObamaCare has put Washington bu-reaucrats in charge of healthcare deci-sions that should be made by individ-uals in consultation with their doctor. We are going to move control away from Washington and give it back to individuals. We are also going to en-sure that States have the power to in-novate and embrace healthcare solu-tions that work for individuals and em-ployers in their States. Our healthcare system wasn’t perfect before ObamaCare—nobody is denying that—but ObamaCare has just made things worse. The American people are ready for healthcare reform that actu-ally works, and that is exactly what Republicans are going to give them. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Madam President, in addition to healthcare reform, another Republican 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.034 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1440 February 27, 2017 
priority for this spring is confirming Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. The Judiciary Committee will hold hearings on his confirmation be-ginning March 20, and I am hopeful Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed not too long thereafter. President Trump made an outstanding choice when he chose Judge Gorsuch for the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch has a distinguished resume. He graduated with honors from Harvard Law School and received a doctorate from Oxford University where he was a Marshall Scholar. He clerked for two Supreme Court Jus-tices, Byron White and Anthony Ken-nedy, and he worked in both private practice and at the Justice Department before being nominated to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, where he served with distinction for the last 10 years. He is widely regarded as a brilliant and thoughtful jurist and a gifted writ-er whose opinions are known for their clarity. Above all, however, he is known for his impartiality, for his commitment to following the law wherever it leads, whether he likes the results or not. ‘‘A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very like-ly a bad judge,’’ Judge Gorsuch has said more than once. Why? Because a judge who likes every outcome he reaches is likely making decisions based on something other than the law, and that is a problem. The job of a judge is to interpret the law, not write it, to call the balls and strikes, not to rewrite the rules of the game. Everyone’s rights are put in jeopardy when judges step outside their role and start changing the law to suit their personal opinions. Judge Gorsuch’s nomination has been met with acclaim from conservatives, and it has also been met with acclaim from liberals. I think one of the biggest reasons for that is because both groups know Judge Gorsuch can be relied on to judge impartially. Here is what Neal Katyal, an Acting Solicitor General, had to say about Judge Gorsuch: ‘‘His years on the bench reveal a commitment to judicial independence—a record that should give the American people confidence that he will not compromise principle to favor the president who appointed him.’’ The Colorado Springs Gazette re-cently highlighted a letter signed by 96 prominent Colorado lawyers and judges and sent to the senior Senator from Colorado. Here is what those individ-uals had to say about Judge Gorsuch in that letter: 
We hold a diverse set of political views as Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. Many of us have been critical of actions taken by President Trump. Nonetheless, we all agree that Judge Gorsuch is exception-ally well-qualified to join the Supreme Court. We know Judge Gorsuch to be a per-son of utmost character. He is fair, decent, and honest, both as a judge and a person. His record shows that he believes strongly in the independence of the judiciary. Well, that is a pretty significant trib-ute. Again, those weren’t just conserv-atives speaking. Given Judge Gorsuch’s character, his sterling record, and deep commitment to impartiality and the rule of law, it is no surprise that his nomination has won support from liberals and conserv-atives alike or that the American peo-ple are liking what they see when it comes to Judge Gorsuch. Well-known Democratic pollster Mark Penn recently noted that Judge Gorsuch is ‘‘off to an excellent start in his nomination process.’’ Unfortu-nately, there are still far-left extrem-ists who would like to see Democrats in the Senate attempt to block Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation, but I am hope-ful that my colleagues will ignore these voices for obstruction and, in-stead, listen to the many voices—lib-eral and conservative—that are high-lighting just why Judge Gorsuch would be an outstanding addition to the Su-preme Court. I recently met with Judge Gorsuch, and I could not have been more im-pressed. I look forward to hearing from him again at his confirmation hear-ings, and I hope the Senate will act to confirm him shortly thereafter. He is the kind of judge all of us should want on the Nation’s highest Court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I rise to echo the concerns expressed by my colleague from Florida, B
ILLNEL-
SON, about the White House’s refusal to provide written testimony relevant to Mr. Ross’s nomination prior to the vote this evening. Mr. Ross was a key economic adviser to the Trump campaign, and he has had business ties with the Bank of Cyprus, a bank with significant Russian inves-tors. I understand that the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Com-mittee, of which my friend from Flor-ida is the ranking member, sent a let-ter to Mr. Ross to get more informa-tion about those ties. That is a per-fectly reasonable request, especially given the circumstances. This informa-tion is particularly relevant to the Senate since, in recent days, questions about connections between the Trump administration and Russia have pro-liferated. While Mr. Ross told my friend from Florida that there is nothing to worry about, the White House is sitting on Mr. Ross’s written response to Senator N
ELSON ’s letter. So the Senate will not get written answers to these important questions before voting on this nomi-nation. This is just another example of this administration’s abandoning trans-parency and trying to jam nominees through without making all of the rel-evant information public and available. They have not enjoyed a good few weeks with these nominees. They have gotten them through but with a lot of pain and a lot of public disconcert, and here we have another example. We are getting to the end of the Cabi-net nominees—a nominee with ties to Russia. There is a document that states what they are. As is so typical of this administration, which stonewalls and despises transparency, they do not let the letter be freed and be made available until after the vote on a sen-sitive issue and one that is important to national security—Russia and this administration’s relationship to it. This is another black mark on this Na-tion’s administration. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Ross nomina-tion? The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. ISAKSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 72, nays 27, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 73 Ex.] YEAS—72 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.035 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1441 February 27, 2017 
NAYS—27 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Cantwell Cardin Durbin Franken Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Reed Sanders Schumer Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Isakson 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Colleagues, let me just say, this next vote will be the last vote of the evening. Mr. President, I move to reconsider the vote on the nomination, and I move to table the motion to reconsider. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of R
YANZINKE, of Montana, to be Sec-retary of the Interior. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman, Orrin G. Hatch, Roy Blunt, Steve Daines, Tim Scott, Chuck Grass-ley, John Hoeven, Michael B. Enzi, John Barrasso, John Thune, Mike Rounds, Mike Crapo, James M. Inhofe, Joni Ernst, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of R
YANZINKE, of Montana, to be Sec-retary of the Interior shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. WYDEN (when his name was called). Present. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 67, nays 31, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 74 Ex.] YEAS—67 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Wicker Young NAYS—31 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Duckworth Durbin Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Isakson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 67, the nays are 31. One Senator responded ‘‘present.’’ The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of R
YAN ZINKE, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF WILBUR ROSS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today Mr. Ross joins the growing list of billion-aires appointed by the Trump adminis-tration. It is not their wealth that con-cerns me, but their past conflicts with the agencies they are promoted to lead and support, providing guidance for policy and for administration of the laws. It is for this reason I cannot sup-port Mr. Ross today. Every American has a stake in the strength of our economy. We rely on the Department of Commerce to facili-tate trade, investment, and innovation in a direction that ensures long-term benefits for Americans. Today while the wealthiest among us continue to profit, middle class families are work-ing long hours to pay their bills and put food on their tables. The cost of living is outstripping their family budgets, and we must get ahead of this curve. Mr. Ross has a background of buying fledging companies, and while he might turn around the profit margins of those companies, it is at the cost of Amer-ican jobs. He has been called fair and practical, but has also committed his career in business by expanding in low- cost countries like Mexico and China. The economic policies of this country cannot be built on representing the in-terests of rich investors, but must also be creative in spurring job growth in American communities where industry has disappeared. We can shape our global trade policy in ways that benefit the United States, without having to do so under the assumption that the United States needs to operate in isola-tion in order to realize economic suc-cess. We can build industry at home, while partnering abroad in trade for our products. But it will take the com-mitment of the next Secretary to focus on our human capital as innovators and not as mere cost considerations. Although America’s role in the glob-al market is expanding, our closest trade partner remains across our northern border. Each year, we export hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of goods and services to Canada, making it our largest export market in the world. Vermont is an active contrib-utor to this flow of commerce. Sup-porting initiatives that strengthen this partnership will benefit local busi-nesses in Vermont and across the Na-tion. Mr. Ross wants to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agree-ment, and while we can debate the merits of NAFTA, the talk of renegoti-ating this agreement without the part-nership of Mexico and Canada has many Vermont businesses concerned about the implications for their future and for the Vermont jobs that depend on our export markets. We live in a global economy, and I work with Vermont businesses every day who rely on importing goods and materials in order to successfully cre-ate a final products that are a com-bination of U.S. and foreign made. This is the reality for many businesses today. I do not criticize the decisions a businessowner makes for the quality of their product. But every large corpora-tion makes a choice between cheaper overseas labor and materials or invest-ing in the workforce here at home for greater gains in the future. That is a choice that Mr. Ross has made on sev-eral occasions for the benefit of profits not workers. I have said it time and again, but America thrives when our middle class is strong. As Secretary, Mr. Ross will be expected to represent the interests of all Americans. I hope he takes this commitment seriously and works across party lines to create new indus-try and opportunity that take root in the very communities that suffer from lack of it. The Secretary of Commerce cannot look at individuals as statistics of profit or loss, but must understand the innovative spirit that brings oppor-tunity where it may otherwise be lost. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.024 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1442 February 27, 2017 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, the Senate Committee on Appropriations has adopted rules governing its proce-dures for the 115th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Vice Chairman L
EAHY , I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  C
OMMITTEE RULES —115 THCONGRESS  
I. MEETINGS  The Committee will meet at the call of the Chairman. 
II. QUORUMS  1. Reporting a bill. A majority of the mem-bers must be present for the reporting of a bill. 2. Other business. For the purpose of transacting business other than reporting a bill or taking testimony, one-third of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 3. Taking testimony. For the purpose of taking testimony, other than sworn testi-mony, by the Committee or any sub-committee, one member of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum. For the purpose of taking sworn testimony by the Committee, three members shall con-stitute a quorum, and for the taking of sworn testimony by any subcommittee, one member shall constitute a quorum. 
III. PROXIES  Except for the reporting of a bill, votes may be cast by proxy when any member so requests. 
IV. ATTENDANCE OF STAFF MEMBERS AT CLOSED  
SESSIONS  Attendance of staff members at closed ses-sions of the Committee shall be limited to those members of the Committee staff who have a responsibility associated with the matter being considered at such meeting. This rule may be waived by unanimous con-sent. 
V. BROADCASTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF  
COMMITTEE HEARINGS  The Committee or any of its subcommit-tees may permit the photographing and broadcast of open hearings by television and/ or radio. However, if any member of a sub-committee objects to the photographing or broadcasting of an open hearing, the ques-tion shall be referred to the full Committee for its decision. 
VI. AVAILABILITY OF SUBCOMMITTEE REPORTS  To the extent possible, when the bill and report of any subcommittee are available, they shall be furnished to each member of the Committee thirty-six hours prior to the Committee’s consideration of said bill and report. 
VII. AMENDMENTS AND REPORT LANGUAGE  To the extent possible, amendments and report language intended to be proposed by Senators at full Committee markups shall be provided in writing to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member and the appro-priate Subcommittee Chairman and Ranking Minority Member twenty-four hours prior to such markups. 
VIII. POINTS OF ORDER  Any member of the Committee who is floor manager of an appropriations bill is hereby authorized to make points of order against any amendment offered in violation of the Senate Rules on the floor of the Senate to such appropriations bill. IX. EX OFFICIO MEMBERSHIP  The Chairman and Ranking Minority Mem-ber of the full Committee are ex officio mem-bers of all subcommittees of which they are not regular members but shall have no vote in the subcommittee and shall not be count-ed for purposes of determining a quorum. f 
CONFIRMATION OF SCOTT PRUITT Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I had very serious concerns about the nomi-nation of Attorney General Scott Pru-itt for Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, EPA, and opposed his nomination. His record on the environment is abysmal. My office received a great number of comments from people in the State of Vermont, which takes environmental protection very seriously, as well as from all over the country. They fear that Mr. Pruitt is bought and paid for by the fossil fuel industry and the protection of our en-vironment is in serious jeopardy. Make no mistake, the nomination of Scott Pruitt was a nomination designed to protect the fossil fuel industry and not the environment. In many ways, Scott Pruitt is the worst of the worst of all of Trump’s nominees. Donald Trump was going to drain the swamp. He promised to ‘‘break the cycle of corruption’’ and ‘‘give new voices a chance to go into government service.’’ Well, guess who is running the swamp now: the same corporate cronies Trump promised to drain out of Washington. Scott Pruitt wants to be the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, but he is no friend of the environment. He boasts on his website that he is a ‘‘leading advocate’’ against the EPA. He said, ‘‘The agency’s ac-tions are at best incompetent, and at worst reprehensible.’’ He testified to the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology in May 2016 that ‘‘the EPA was never intended to be our Nation’s frontline environ-mental regulator.’’ What is particularly troubling is his record as Oklahoma’s attorney gen-eral—as Oklahoma’s chief enforcer of clean air and water protections for his constituents—he sued the EPA 14 times and still has 8 active cases against the EPA. In all but one of these 14 cases Pruitt brought against the EPA, he was on the side of corporate interests. And in 13 of the 14, these companies or trade associations were also financial contributors to Mr. Pruitt’s political causes. Shockingly, Scott Pruitt disbanded the Environmental Protection Unit of the Oklahoma Attorney General’s Of-fice. He claims that he continued envi-ronmental protection, but the State budget shows that funding for ‘‘envi-ronmental law’’ in the attorney gen-eral’s office fell from $486,000 in 2011 to 0 in 2014. In the State’s 2016 budget, there was a line item for ‘‘environ-mental law’’—with $0. In fact, of the more than 700 press releases he issued as Oklahoma’s top law enforcement of-ficial, not one touts an environmental enforcement case in Oklahoma. It seems clear that he abandoned all meaningful environmental protection. This is concerning because reports show that the Trump administration is considering eliminating the EPA’s Of-fice of Enforcement, which would mean that the Agency would no longer be able to independently enforce our Na-tion’s antipollution laws. At a time when we have to strength-en environmental protection, Mr. Pru-itt will be working overtime to carry out President Trump’s goal to destroy the EPA. Does this sound like someone who should be running the EPA? Not to me. More than 230 different environ-mental, health, and public interest groups agree that Pruitt is unquali-fied—so do former EPA employees. More than 770 of them from across the country all signed on to a letter that asked us to reject Pruitt as the next EPA Administrator. When hundreds of environmental groups and former EPA employees tell us that this guy is not qualified, maybe we should listen. The scariest thing about Scott Pruitt being the Administrator of the EPA is that our EPA should be working non-stop to address the most pressing envi-ronmental issue of our time—the glob-al crisis of climate change. In 2009, the EPA Administrator found that the car-bon pollution causing climate change threatens the public health and welfare of current and future generations; yet President Trump has called climate change a ‘‘hoax.’’ In November 2012, he tweeted: ‘‘The concept of global warm-ing was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.’’ Perhaps it should come as no surprise that Mr. Pruitt takes the same page from President Trump. Pruitt said in March 2016, ‘‘Reasonable minds can dis-agree about the science behind global warming, and disagree they do.’’ He also said ‘‘The debate about climate change is just that, a debate. There are scientists that agree, there are sci-entists that don’t agree, to the extent of man’s contribution and whether it is even harmful at this point,’’ he added ‘‘We’ve had ebb and flow, we’ve had ob-viously climate conditions change throughout our history and that is sci-entific fact. It gets cooler. It gets hot-ter. And we do not know the trajectory is on an unsustainable course. Nor do we know, the extent by which the burn-ing of fossil fuels, and man’s contribu-tion to that, is making it far worse than it is.’’ When I questioned Mr. Pruitt in his confirmation hearing on January 18, he said: ‘‘I believe . . . the degree of human activity’s impact on the cli-mate is subject to more debate on whether the climate is changing or whether human activity contributes to it.’’ He even told me that he thinks that his opinion on climate change is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.033 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1443 February 27, 2017 
immaterial to his role as EPA Admin-istrator. This is ludicrous. It is not im-material—it is in fact essential—that we have an EPA Administrator who agrees with the scientific data and is willing to lead the fight against cli-mate change. Yet, in his answers, he stated, ‘‘there is a diverse range of views regarding the key drivers of our changing climate among scientists. I believe that these differences should be the subject of robust and open debate free from intimidation. If confirmed, I will continue to encourage an honest debate on our changing climate, the role of human activity, our ability to measure the degree and extent of human activity, and what to do about it.’’ Almost all—97 percent—of scientists have concluded that climate change is real. It is caused by human activity. And it is already causing devastating problems in our country and around the world. If we do not move aggres-sively to transition our energy system away from fossil fuels toward sustain-able energy like solar, wind, and geo-thermal, the problem will become much worse. Just this month, a report in the peer- reviewed journal The Anthropocene Re-view, researchers found that humans are causing the climate to change 170 times faster than natural forces. This is just another reason why it is unac-ceptable for Mr. Pruitt to say that he ‘‘believe[s] the ability to measure with precision, the degree of human activi-ty’s impact on the climate is subject to more debate on whether the climate is changing or whether human activity contributes to it.’’ For 200 years, we have been burning increasing amounts of fossil fuels to heat our buildings, generate elec-tricity, and power our vehicles. When we burn fossil fuels, we release signifi-cant amounts of carbon pollution into the atmosphere. In fact, today, humans release more than 35 billion tons of CO
2 in the atmosphere every year. Accord-ing to NASA, the concentration of at-mospheric carbon dioxide has never ex-ceeded 300 parts per million in the past 650,000 years. In 2013, CO
2levels reached 400 parts per million for the first time. So it should not come as a surprise to hear that the planet is warming at an alarming rate: 2016 was the hottest year on record, and 16 of the 17 hottest years have occurred since 2000. Nor should it come as a surprise that we are already seeing devastating effects of climate change all across the United States and around the globe: more in-tense wildfires, heatwaves, drought, ex-treme storms, flooding, rising sea lev-els, and more. Americans are worried. A study released last month shows that more than 6 in 10 Americans say that they worried about global warming. But climate change is not the only area that makes Americans worried about Pruitt being the EPA Adminis-trator. They are worried about Pruitt’s inaction in the face of a growing num-ber of earthquakes in Oklahoma. In the past few years, Oklahoma has been plagued by thousands of earthquakes, which the U.S. Geological Survey said are tied to fracking wastewater injec-tion. Oklahoma’s current earthquake rate is now 600 times higher than its prefracking rate. Oklahoma now has more earthquakes on a regular basis than California. In 2011 in Prague, OK, The Oklaho-man newspaper reported a 5.6 earth-quake, stating that scientists ‘‘believe the earthquake was caused by injection wells in the area.’’ To put that in per-spective, an earthquake in the mag-nitude 5 range, like the one reported, releases as much energy as the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima in 1945. But, before 2009, there were, on aver-age, two earthquakes a year in Okla-homa that were magnitude 3 or great-er. By 2013, there were 109 magnitude 3 or greater earthquakes; by 2014, that had grown to 585 magnitude 3 or great-er earthquakes; and by 2015, there were 907 magnitude 3 or greater earth-quakes. The damage was extensive; 40 to 50 buildings in Cushing, OK, were sub-stantially damaged in a November 2016 earthquake. In reaction to the then- largest earthquake in September 2015, the Pawnee Nation passed a resolution against fracking activities after suf-fering damage to seven historic tribal buildings. The Ponca Nation also passed has a moratorium on fracking because the earthquakes have caused damage to their crumbling water infra-structure and buildings. Scientists say that Oklahoma is ‘‘almost certain’’ to have more earthquakes, with height-ened risks of a large quake probable to endure for a decade. The Attorneys General in my State of Vermont, California, and New York have all frequently acted quickly to address environmental problems; yet, during Mr. Pruitt’s hearing, he told me he did nothing to help folks in Okla-homa who had been hurt by earth-quakes caused by fracking in Okla-homa. Pruitt’s sole response to my questions during his hearing about what he had done to address the earth-quake problem in his State was to say he has ‘‘acknowledged that he is con-cerned.’’ That is it. ‘‘He’s concerned.’’ He did not stand up and say he will do everything he can to stop future earth-quakes as a result of fracking. He did not sue the corporations who were causing the earthquakes on behalf of the people of Oklahoma. He did not hold a press conference. He did noth-ing. These earthquakes are so concerning because the EPA ‘‘regulates the con-struction, operation, permitting, and closure of injection wells used to place fluids underground for storage or dis-posal’’ as part of its role in preventing contamination of drinking water. So, if we let Pruitt will nor lead the EPA, there is nothing to say he will not abandon efforts to regulate waste fracking water injection to protect the American people from earthquakes. If his past record is any indication, it is very questionable that he will take ac-tion to protect communities from harmful effects like these. Maybe the reason so many are con-cerned he will abandon efforts to en-force environmental laws and why he was willing to abandon Oklahomans when they needed him is because he is in the pocket of corporate industry. Pruitt received more than $350,000 in contributions from the fossil fuel in-dustry. Pruitt raised huge amounts for his two Federal PAC—known as Lib-erty 2.0 and Oklahoma Strong. Accord-ing to Politico, Liberty 2.0 has raised more than $168,000 from energy inter-ests, and Oklahoma Strong leadership has raised $72,000. In 2014, in a Pulitzer Prize winning investigation, the New York Times ex-posed that Pruitt and numerous other Republican attorneys general had formed secret alliances with energy corporations. The New York Times also exposed the Defense Fund, which is a dark money offshoot of the Republican Attorneys General Association. The Defense Fund received $175,000 in 2014 from Freedom Partners, which coordi-nates the Koch brothers’ political ac-tivities. The New York Times also de-tailed how, in 2011, Pruitt wrote a let-ter to the EPA Administrator claiming that Federal regulators were grossly overestimating the amount of air pol-lution caused by energy companies drilling new natural gas wells in his State. Pruitt did not write the letter on behalf of Oklahoma residents; he did it on behalf of one of Oklahoma’s big-gest oil and gas companies, Devon En-ergy. As he fought for corporate do-nors, the American Lung Association named three urban regions in Okla-homa as having the 25 most heavily polluted air regions in the United States. These examples of Pruitt’s corrupt relationship with corporate polluters are so shocking and dangerous because he wants to lead the EPA, an Agency which is most responsible for pro-tecting our kids and grandkids from the very polluters he has protected for so long. For the sake of our children and grandchildren and the future of this planet, were there none of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle who would speak out to say that Mr. Pruitt should not be confirmed as head of the EPA? The last time I checked, no one voted to pollute the environment in the last election. The majority of Americans do not agree that we should be disman-tling protections that ensure clean air and clean water. In fact, according to Gallup, more than 7 in 10 Americans worry about drinking water pollution and air pollution. That is why we can-not allow Scott Pruitt to drive the EPA into the ground. He has shown that he wants to dismantle basic air, water, and climate protections. We cannot rollback decades of progress. In fact, we are in desperate need of strong laws and regulations to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.028 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1444 February 27, 2017 
protect the environment and fight cli-mate change. Do not be fooled. Scott Pruitt is not for protecting American citizens and the environment, but for protecting giant polluting corpora-tions. With a record like his, we cannot expect Pruitt to safeguard our drinking water and air from pollution. With Pruitt, the environment will be auc-tioned off to the highest corporate bid-der no matter the cost to the American public. It was for all these reasons that I strongly opposed Mr. Pruitt’s nomi-nation, and I urged my colleagues to join me in voting no. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I speak in unity with my colleagues and highlight the irreparable harm that will be done to our environment and communities now that Scott Pru-itt has been confirmed to be the head of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. Mr. Pruitt has focused his career on working against the EPA’s funda-mental mission of protecting our Na-tion’s environment, instead pushing an antienvironment agenda dictated by big corporations that have funded his campaigns and political career. Mr. Pruitt has been serving as Okla-homa’s attorney general since 2010, during which he has spent countless hours working to undermine and repu-diate the very Agency he is nominated to run. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Pruitt sued the EPA 14 times over orders that seek to protect our environment and the health and safety of our commu-nities. Included in Mr. Pruitt’s lawsuits were efforts to undercut basic, com-monsense measures that are essential to Americans’ health and safety: EPA safeguards for clean air and clean water. Yes, Mr. Pruitt supports undoing measures that ensure the air we breathe is not polluted and the water we drink is free of contaminants. And during his confirmation hearing, Mr. Pruitt contradicted his own record and biography, calling into question his knowledge of basic principles. Pru-itt claimed he believes that the EPA has ‘‘a very valuable role.’’ And yet his own LinkedIn profile brags that he is ‘‘a leading advocate against the EPA’s activist agenda.’’ Almost 4,000 Nevadans reached out to my office urging me to vote against Mr. Pruitt. I want to read some stories from Ne-vadans who voiced their concerns about Mr. Pruitt and what is at stake for them—as well as countless other families across the country. From Jean Pierre LeBarry of Las Vegas, NV: 
I am of Basque descent, as is my whole family. I grew up in Northern Nevada, as many other Basque folks did, on a ranch. We did not have running water or even elec-tricity. We did have our sheep though. We were sheep ranchers, across the great state of Nevada the industry flourished, but before I had heard Al Gore say anything about cli-mate change, I saw its effects in our state [Nevada]. We stopped getting as much snow-fall; we would scour the desert for water to keep our herd alive on the range. Year after year it got worse, slowly killing our indus-try, thinning our herd, and giving me first hand example of how severe climate change is. This was more than 30 years ago I saw these changes taking place. After I left the ranch, I worked as a government employee for the Bureau of Land Management, until I retired. To see how much disregard Scott Pruitt would have for my family and their struggles with the deterioration of our cli-mate; it is appalling that anyone would dare to confirm his nomination to head the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, the very agency he has tried so hard to dismantle al-ready. From Sharon Ingram-Bevans of Reno, NV: 
My Husband was a Vietnam Vet and he died last March after a 10 year illness di-rectly related to environmental pollution. He was stationed at Camp Le Juhen North Carolina, exposed to drinking water full of jet fuel, and some great general’s idea to have young Marines scrape and repaint Agent Orange boxes while serving in the Ref-ugee camps at Okinawa Japan. Our Daughter has Thyroid disease due to this exposure also. If we only paid attention to how we use and dispose of substances we might have a better world to give to our children. There is no Planet ‘‘B’’ and even rich people need clean air and water. 
From Brittany Lamborn of Las Vegas, NV: 
I was born and raised in Nevada. My sister, brother, and I grew up in the Las Vegas val-ley, surrounded by majestic mountain ranges, fragrant pines, and breathtaking sunsets. Away from the glitz and glamour of the Strip, I could lose myself in the beauty of Red Rock or walk the trails on Mt. Charleston. My mom would take us to Gilcrease Orchard to pick fresh produce. My dad would take us on stargazing trips to Ca-thedral Gorge in Panaca. I have never wished for another home. Home means Nevada. Now I have two young children of my own. I put on a brave face every morning so that they do not see my fear that increases with each day. I fear that these God given won-ders will not be protected for them. I fear that the overwhelming need to consume will eat up our natural resources. And I fear that, unchecked, we will do irreparable harm to the only planet we have. When the dust has cleared, I fear: What will be left for our chil-dren? Climate change is a fact, not a feeling or an opinion. We need someone at the helm of the Environmental Protection Agency that will protect every Gilcrease Orchard, every Red Rock, and every Cathedral Gorge in the United States. Scott Pruitt is not that man. 
I know I am not the only Senator whose office was contacted by count-less constituents, urging us to put the health and safety of our children and our environment first and oppose Mr. Pruitt’s nomination. I promised Nevadans I would come to Washington and fight for them and their priorities, and that is why I could not support Mr. Pruitt to lead the EPA. I urged my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL CAMILLE M. NICHOLS Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I want to pay special tribute to an ex-ceptional officer of the U.S. Army, MG Camille M. Nichols. Currently serving as the director of the Department of Defense Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office, General Nichols will retire after more than 41 years of Ac-tive military service on April 1, 2017. From enlisted private, to academy graduate, to two-star general, MG Camille Nichols has demonstrated the Army values of duty, integrity, selfless service, and dedication to country. Many of my colleagues and I have had the pleasure of working with Major General Nichols on a number of issues and programs, and it is my distinct privilege to recognize her accomplish-ments. MG Camille Nichols began her mili-tary career in 1975, as an enlisted sol-dier in the U.S. Army. While serving in Germany and at the insistence of her leadership, she applied for acceptance as a cadet candidate to the U.S. Mili-tary Academy Preparatory School, thus enabling her to join the U.S. Mili-tary Academy Class, USMA, class of 1981. Upon her graduation from USMA, Major General Nichols was commis-sioned as a second lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers. Throughout her years of service, Major General Nichols attended numerous advanced military and civilian schools, receiving three masters degrees, and while working full time, earned a Ph.D. in engineering management from George Washington University. After serving in several command and high-level staff positions, General Nichols developed expertise in con-tracting and acquisition procedures and systems. These demonstrated abili-ties were recognized by her selection as one of the general officers named to stand up the U.S. Army’s Contracting Command. It cannot be overstated that, in all her leadership and staff roles, Camille Nichols positively influ-enced the lives of thousands of military personnel while she did the Nation’s bidding around the world and at home. From Korea to Saudi Arabia; from Op-eration Iraqi Freedom/New Dawn to commanding general of U.S. Army Con-tracting Command, Major General Nichols has been out front, pressing hard to ensure the Army is well- equipped with a 21st century fighting force capable of defeating the enemy. As the director of the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office, Major General Nichols’ undeterred leadership, soldier-scholar depth and breadth of knowledge, commitment to elimi-nating sexual assault, and common-sense approach to problem solving have contributed immeasurably to the im-provement and execution of Sexual As-sault Prevention and Response pro-gram and the DOD-wide strategy. She also spearheaded specialized policies and strategies focusing on prevention efforts, combating retaliation, and ad-dressing the needs of male victims. Major General Nichols’ efforts have been instrumental in shaping and ar-ticulating program initiatives, plans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.030 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1445 February 27, 2017 
and objectives to Congress, senior de-fense leaders, and the American public, earning the respect of both her superi-ors and peers. I ask that you and our colleagues join me, as well as Major General Nich-ols’ family, many friends, and peers in saluting this distinguished officer’s many contributions and sacrifices in the defense of our great Nation. It is fitting that today we publicly recog-nize her service and wish her health, happiness, and success in the years to come. Congratulations, Major General Nichols, on completing an exceptional and exemplary career. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL FRANK VAVALA ∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is with great pleasure that I rise today on behalf of Delaware’s congressional del-egation—Senator C
HRIS COONS , Con-gresswoman L
ISA BLUNT ROCHESTER  and myself—to honor the exemplary service of MG Frank Vavala, the adju-tant general for Delaware for the past 18 years. As Governor of Delaware, I had the distinct pleasure of nominating him to serve as Adjutant General in February 1999, and I believe to this day it is one of the best appointments I have ever made. Over the past 17 years, General Vavala has been responsible for the mission readiness of all Dela-ware National Guard units for both Federal and State missions. He served as a cabinet member and trusted mili-tary adviser to me when I was Gov-ernor, as well as to the three Governors who succeeded me: Governor Ruth Ann Minner, Governor Jack Markell, and Governor John Carney. In January 2017, he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general Delaware, becoming the first three-star general to lead the Delaware National Guard. During General Vavala’s tenure, the Delaware National Guard has deployed close to 11,000 soldiers and airmen to support our State and country. Nearly half of them were deployed abroad to Bosnia, South America, Africa, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan, among other countries. Once in the-ater, these men and women accom-plished almost every mission imag-inable. They ran entry control points, provided security, established and maintained communications and con-ducted medical evacuation from the battlefield. They also transported sup-plies, patients, personnel, and dig-nitaries in both UH–60 Blackhawk heli-copters and C–130 aircraft. Back at home, the Delaware Guard activated nearly 5,000 soldiers and airmen to pro-vide support during 11 snowstorms, 8 hurricanes—including Hurricane Katrina, where hundreds of Dela-wareans went to help in Mississippi and Louisiana just 24 hours after the dev-astating storm made landfall, 1 tor-nado, dozens of floods, Noreasters, and three Presidential inaugurations. Gen-eral Vavala oversaw all operations as soldiers and airmen helped transport emergency workers and patients, evac-uate flooded areas, get residents to shelter, safety, and medical assistance, and even set up emergency commu-nications around the state. Like many successful leaders, Gen-eral Vavala did not keep regular office hours. He routinely came to work early, stayed late, and worked on weekends. He was known for taking the time to recognize, thank, console, and care for everyone under his command from the newest private to the most senior officer. He valued every person who wore the uniform equally. I have met Guard men and women for years who say that when they were in a time of need, General Vavala was there for them, even if it was just taking time to drop them an email or note. Some-times they wondered how he found out about what was going on in their lives, but however he did it, he found out. He prioritized his soldiers and airmen over his own career. Instead of focusing the spotlight on his individual accomplish-ments, General Vavala put the focus on his soldiers and airmen, and it made his career a success by default. In addition to holding dozens of lead-ership positions in the Delaware Guard, General Vavala held prominent na-tional positions as president of the Ad-jutants General Association of the United States and chairman of the board of the National Guard Associa-tion of the United States, NGAUS. Dur-ing his tenure as chairman of the board, NGAUS was the main driver re-sponsible for passing one of the most significant pieces of military legisla-tion in a generation—the National Guard Empowerment Act. General Vavala provided key testimony before the House Armed Services Committee and was instrumental in advocating for the passage of this important legisla-tion. In January 2012, Delaware’s 146th General Assembly passed H.J. Res. 10, recognizing General Vavala for his leading role in helping to reshape the U.S. military. General Vavala is from a proud mili-tary family, having served with both his father, COL Frank P. Vavala, and brother MSG Gerard P. Vavala. Before serving as Adjutant General, he worked full time for the DuPont Company, where he was employed as marketing services supervisor for 31 years. He has been honored with the Anthony of Padua Founders’ Award and the Italian-American Man of the Year Award. He also cares about his commu-nity, organizing food drives for the Food Bank of Delaware, and he is a person of deep faith who takes seri-ously what the Bible tells us about car-ing for others and focused that into his career as Adjutant General. I believe General Vavala has been successful in no small part because he possesses some of the finest leadership qualities that I have ever observed in a military leader. Frank Vavala under-stands that leaders are humble, not haughty. They have the heart of a serv-ant. They understand that their role is to serve, not be served. General Vavala leads by example. It is not do as I say, but do as I do. He knows that the best leaders aren’t afraid to keep out of step when everyone else is marching to the wrong tune. Leaders unite, not divide. They build bridges not walls. They are aspirational—purveyors of hope, if you will—and they appeal to our better an-gels. Like the very best leaders, Frank has always sought to do what is right, not what is easy or expedient. He em-braces the Golden Rule and treats other people the way he would want to be treated. General Vavala surrounds himself with the best people he can find. When his team does well, he gives the credit to them. And when the team falls short of the mark, this leader takes the blame. Finally, when General Frank Vavala knows he is right, he never gives up. As a leader, General Frank Vavala is in a class of his own, and he is one whom other leaders, both civilian and military would do well to emulate. On behalf of Senator C
OONS and Con-gresswoman B
LUNT ROCHESTER , let me wholeheartedly thank General Vavala for his service to our country and our State. The leadership and commitment he modeled helped keep Delaware and our Nation more safe and secure. Today, we are honored to be able to offer General Vavala our sincere con-gratulations on a job well done. From our hearts, we wish him and his wife Jane, who he has been married to for 50 years—along with their children Anne, Jane, and Nick and their three grand-daughters—many happy, healthy, and successful years to come. Bravo Zulu. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that pursuant to section 4 of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–196), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representatives to the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: Mr. M
EEHAN of Pennsylvania, Mr. A DER-
HOLT of Alabama, and from private life: Mr. Jim Koch of Newton, Massachu-setts, Mr. Val Crofts of Milton, Wis-consin, Dr. Wilfred McClay of Norman, Oklahoma, and Mrs. Lynn Young of Rockdale, Texas. The message also announced that pursuant to section 161(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2211), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives as Congressional Advisors on Trade Policy and Negotiations: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. R EICHERT of Wash-ington, and Mr. N
UNES of California. The message further announced that pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276h and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.027 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1446 February 27, 2017 
order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. P
OLIS of Colorado, Mrs. T
ORRES of California, and Ms. L OFGREN  of California. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–805. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to the Capital Plan and Stress Test Rules’’ (RIN7100–AE59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–806. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Descrip-tion of Office, Procedures, and Public Infor-mation’’ (12 CFR Part 1101) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–807. A communication from the Attor-ney Advisor, Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Performance Manage-ment Measures; Assessing Pavement Condi-tion for the National Highway Performance Program and Bridge Condition for the Na-tional Highway Performance Program’’ (RIN2125–AF53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–808. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Commissioner, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–809. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Dividend Equiva-lents from Sources within the United States’’ ((RIN1545–BM33) (TD 9815)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–810. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure for Early Voluntary Country-by-Country Fil-ing’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–23) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–811. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated With-holding Foreign Partnership Agreement and Withholding Foreign Trust Agreement’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–812. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0164); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–813. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0163); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–814. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0162); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–815. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Refuse to Accept Procedure for Premarket Tobacco Product Submis-sions; Revised Effective Date’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N–1555) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–816. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clarification of When Prod-ucts Made or Derived From Tobacco Are Regulated as Drugs, Devices, or Combination Products; Amendments to Regulations Re-garding ‘Intended Uses’; Delayed Effective Date’’ ((RIN0910–AH19) (Docket No. FDA– 2015–N–2002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–817. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulations, Office of Policy and Research, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects’’ (24 CFR Part 60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–818. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–603, ‘‘Omnibus Public Safety and Justice Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–819. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–604, ‘‘Nonwoven Disposable Products Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–820. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–605, ‘‘West End Parcels Devel-opment Omnibus Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–821. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–606, ‘‘Green Yards Recognition Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–822. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–607, ‘‘Historic Preservation of Derelict District Properties Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–823. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–608, ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–824. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, ten (10) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–825. A communication from the Acting Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Department of Home-land Security Privacy Office Fiscal Year 2016 Semiannual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–826. A communication from the Acting Director, Employee Services/Recruitment and Hiring, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medical Qualification Deter-mination’’ (RIN3206–AL14) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–827. A communication from the Acting Director, Employee Services/Recruitment and Hiring, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Recruitment and Selection through Competitive Examination’’ (RIN3206–AN46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–828. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence. EC–829. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence. EC–830. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence. EC–831. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.008 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1447 February 27, 2017 
to vacancies in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Director, U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–832. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Bureau of Prisons’ compliance with the privatization requirements of the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–833. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Director, U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–834. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Director, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, De-partment of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–835. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Victims Compensation Fund established by the Witness Security Reform Act of 1984; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–836. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF073) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–837. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE880) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–838. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Shortraker Rockfish in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE894) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–839. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Several Groundfish Species in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE925) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–840. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Big Skate in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XE922) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–841. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for Sling Carriers’’ (CPSC Docket No. CPSC– 2014–0018) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–842. A communication from the Deputy Chief, Disability Rights Office, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Structure and Practices of the Video Relay Service Program; and Telecommunications Relay Services and Speech-to-Speech Serv-ices for Individuals with Hearing and Speech Disabilities’’ ((CG Docket No. 10–51 and CG Docket No. 03–123) (DA 17–76)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 14, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–843. A communication from the Attor-ney Advisor, Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Goals and Performance Management Measures; Assessing Perform-ance of the National Highway System, Freight Movement on the Interstate System, and Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement Program’’ (RIN2125–AF54) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. L EAHY , and Ms. C OLLINS ): S. 443. A bill to amend the Age Discrimina-tion in Employment Act of 1967 and other laws to clarify appropriate standards for Federal employment discrimination and re-taliation claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 444. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the defini-tion of an investment company; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 445. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. PERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. J
OHNSON , and Mr. F LAKE ): S. 446. A bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. T HUNE , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 447. A bill to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 448. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psychologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 449. A bill to promote worldwide access to the Internet, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MANCHIN: S. 450. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to members of the Armed Forces who fought in defense of Guam, Wake Island, and the Philippine Archipelago between Decem-ber 7, 1941 and May 10, 1942, and who died or were imprisoned by the Japanese military in the Philippines, Japan, Korea, Manchuria, Wake Island, and Guam from April 9, 1942 until September 2, 1945, in recognition of their personal sacrifice and service to the United States; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 451. A bill to amend the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources research and technology institutes established under that Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. 452. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the enforcement and implementation of the 2015 national ambient air quality standards for ozone; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. C OTTON ): S. 453. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to include in any proposed rule that limits greenhouse gas emissions and imposes in-creased costs on other Federal agencies an offset from funds available to the Adminis-trator for all projected increased costs that the proposed rule would impose on other Federal agencies; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. C OTTON ): S. 454. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to exceptional event demonstra-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. TESTER: S. 455. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count resident time spent in a critical access hospital as resident time spent in a nonprovider setting for pur-poses of making Medicare direct and indirect graduate medical education payments; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. G
ARDNER ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.011 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1448 February 27, 2017 
S. 456. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish a pro-gram to increase the development of new drugs to treat pediatric cancers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. K AINE): S. 457. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish a scholarship program for educators of rural students and provide for loan forgiveness for rural edu-cators, to amend the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to provide pro-fessional development grants for rural ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 458. A bill to support the education of Indian children; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 459. A bill to designate the area between the intersections of Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Davis Street, Northwest and Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Edmunds Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza’’ , and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 460. A bill for the relief of Vichai Sae Tung (also known as Chai Chaowasaree); to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 461. A bill to allow Homeland Security Grant Program funds to be used to safeguard faith-based community centers across the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
URR, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S.J. Res. 24. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to balancing the budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. Res. 68. A resolution raising awareness of modern slavery; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. MENENDEZ , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. W ICKER , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. P AUL, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. C OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. U DALL , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. B URR, Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. A LEXANDER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. M URPHY ): S. Res. 69. A resolution celebrating Black History Month; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R
EED, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. V
AN HOLLEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. Res. 70. A resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of Executive Order 9066 and expressing the sense of the Senate that poli-cies that discriminate against any individual based on the actual or perceived race, eth-nicity, national origin, or religion of that in-dividual would be a repetition of the mis-takes of Executive Order 9066 and contrary to the values of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 66 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 66, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit cer-tain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military service or Com-bat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 93 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 93, a bill to allow women greater access to safe and effective contraception. 
S. 105 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 105, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to transition the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection to a 5-member board of directors. 
S. 116 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 116, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, perma-nent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same man-ner and to the same extent as retired members of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. S. 134 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 134, a bill to expand the prohibi-tion on misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes. 
S. 191 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 191, a bill to improve pa-tient choice by allowing States to adopt market-based alternatives to the Affordable Care Act that increase ac-cess to affordable health insurance and reduce costs while ensuring important consumer protections and improving patient care. 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award job training Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 207 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. 207, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 248 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 248, a bill to block implemen-tation of the Executive order that re-stricts individuals from certain coun-tries from entering the United States. 
S. 251 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 251, a bill to repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board in order to ensure that it cannot be used to under-mine the Medicare entitlement for beneficiaries. 
S. 275 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 275, a bill to allow the financing by United States persons of sales of ag-ricultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 294 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.014 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1449 February 27, 2017 
ISAKSON ) was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 294, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clar-ify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. At the request of Mr. N
ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 294, supra. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 301, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services that are not involved in abortion. 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. 
S. 341 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 341, a bill to provide for congressional oversight of actions to waive, suspend, reduce, pro-vide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation, and for other purposes. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 370, a bill to eliminate the Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection by repealing title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, commonly known as the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Act of 2010. 
S. 377 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 377, a bill to amend the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to clarify report dates, modify the cri-teria for determinations of whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for elimination of traf-ficking, and highlight the importance of concrete actions by countries to eliminate trafficking, and for other purposes. S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting pe-riod for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 387 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 387, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to sub-ject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropria-tions process, and for other purposes. 
S. 397 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 397, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure fairness in Medicare hospital payments by es-tablishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to certain hospitals. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 426 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 426, a bill to increase educational as-sistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs for education and training of physician assistants of the Department, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physi-cian assistants of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 438 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 438, a bill to encourage effective, voluntary investments to recruit, em-ploy, and retain men and women who have served in the United States mili-tary with annual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 16 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 16, a joint resolution approv-ing the discontinuation of the process for consideration and automatic imple-mentation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medicare Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act. S.J. RES. 18 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 18, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by the Department of the Interior re-lating to Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wild-life Refuges in Alaska. 
S.J. RES. 19 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 19, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection relating to prepaid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Truth in Lending Act. 
S.J. RES. 23 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
OR-
NYN) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 23, a joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of un-employment compensation applicants. 
S. RES. 60 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 60, a resolution des-ignating May 5, 2017, as the ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Mur-dered Native Women and Girls’’ . 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 446. A bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed fire-arms; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.017 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1450 February 27, 2017 
S. 446 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Constitu-tional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. RECIPROCITY FOR THE CARRYING OF CERTAIN CONCEALED FIREARMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 926C the following: ‘‘§ 926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of cer-tain concealed firearms ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any provision of the law of any State or political subdivision thereof to the contrary— ‘‘(1) an individual who is not prohibited by Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm, and who is carrying a government-issued photographic identification document and a valid license or permit which is issued pursuant to the law of a State and which permits the individual to carry a concealed firearm, may possess or carry a concealed handgun (other than a ma-chinegun or destructive device) that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce in any State other than the State of residence of the individual that— ‘‘(A) has a statute that allows residents of the State to obtain licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms; or ‘‘(B) does not prohibit the carrying of con-cealed firearms by residents of the State for lawful purposes; and ‘‘(2) an individual who is not prohibited by Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm, and who is carrying a government-issued photographic identification document and is entitled and not prohibited from carrying a concealed firearm in the State in which the individual resides otherwise than as described in para-graph (1), may possess or carry a concealed handgun (other than a machinegun or de-structive device) that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign com-merce in any State other than the State of residence of the individual that— ‘‘(A) has a statute that allows residents of the State to obtain licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms; or ‘‘(B) does not prohibit the carrying of con-cealed firearms by residents of the State for lawful purposes. ‘‘(b) C
ONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—The possession or carrying of a concealed hand-gun in a State under this section shall be subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, except as to eligibility to possess or carry, imposed by or under Federal or State law or the law of a political subdivision of a State, that apply to the possession or car-rying of a concealed handgun by residents of the State or political subdivision who are li-censed by the State or political subdivision to do so, or not prohibited by the State from doing so. ‘‘(c) U
NRESTRICTED LICENSE OR PERMIT .—In a State that allows the issuing authority for licenses or permits to carry concealed fire-arms to impose restrictions on the carrying of firearms by individual holders of such li-censes or permits, an individual carrying a concealed handgun under this section shall be permitted to carry a concealed handgun according to the same terms authorized by an unrestricted license of or permit issued to a resident of the State. ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt any provision of State law with respect to the issuance of licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 926C the fol-lowing: ‘‘926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of cer-tain concealed firearms.’’. (c) S
EVERABILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, if any provision of this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, or the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, this Act and amendments made by this Act and the appli-cation of such provision or amendment to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. B URR, Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S.J. Res. 24. A joint resolution pro-posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States relative to balancing the budget; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, 70 years ago this May, the Senate Appropria-tions Committee sent to the full Sen-ate a constitutional amendment to re-quire a balanced Federal budget. It had been proposed by Senator Millard Tydings, a Democrat from Maryland. In its report, the committee said this: ‘‘In no other way except by an amend-ment to the Constitution can Congress be compelled to balance its budget in peacetime.’’ Seven decades of experience proved that the Appropriations Committee was right, and we have never been in a more serious, perilous situation than we are today. Two essential facts compel me once again to introduce a constitutional amendment to require fiscal responsi-bility: the gravity of the national debt crisis and the fact that neither will-power nor legislation will solve it. The greatest challenge in describing the gravity of the national debt crisis is deciding how much of the bad news to present at one time. During the 2008 Presidential campaign, one of the can-didates criticized the outgoing Presi-dent for adding $4 trillion to the na-tional debt. That increase, Barack Obama said, was not only irresponsible but ‘‘unpatriotic.’’ The national debt on inauguration day 2009 was $10.6 tril-lion, and on inauguration day 2017 it was $19.9 trillion. If a $4 trillion in-crease was irresponsible and unpatri-otic, what words describe a $9.3 trillion increase? President Obama won the 2008 elec-tion with the Government Account-ability Office warning that the Na-tion’s long-term fiscal outlook was unsustainable. In its January 2017 as-sessment of the Nation’s fiscal health, GAO reports that the national debt as a share of GDP in 2016 was 75 percent higher than the average since World War II. As it had been before, GAO con-cluded that ‘‘the federal government’s fiscal path is unsustainable.’’ One way to understand the gravity of the national debt is to compare it to the size of the economy, or the gross domestic product. In other words, we can compare what we owe to our abil-ity to pay. When President Obama took office, the national debt was 82 percent of GDP and is now 105 percent of GDP today. Some economists prefer to evaluate the national debt as a per-centage of tax revenue; that is, by com-paring what we owe to what we earn. The national debt rose from approxi-mately 350 percent of Federal revenue when President Obama took office to 600 percent of Federal revenue today. But neither numbers nor percentages tell the whole story because the na-tional debt crisis is becoming not only a bigger crisis but a different kind of crisis. During the last several years of skyrocketing national debt, the inter-est rate on that debt has been nearly zero. If interest rates had been at the historical average, annual interest costs would be more than twice what they are today and on their way to con-suming more than half of all Federal revenue. And now interest rates are starting to creep up. The Concord Coa-lition and the Committee for a Respon-sible Federal Budget both anticipate that over the next decade, interest pay-ments on the national debt alone will approach $1 trillion per year. That is interest payments. In other words, as GAO found in its new fiscal report, the growing national debt now means that the rising cost of servicing that debt becomes one of the drivers of the grow-ing debt itself. This is becoming what one study calls a self-propelling crisis. A national debt of this magnitude dampens the economic growth nec-essary to minimize borrowing to fund the government, and rising interest costs for such a monstrous debt add to the debt on which more interest must then be paid. Last month, for instance, the Treasury Department echoed this point in its financial report with the U.S. Government for fiscal year 2016. The Treasury Department concluded: 
The debt-to-GDP ratio rises at an accel-erating rate despite primary deficits that flatten out because higher levels of debt lead to higher net interest expenditures, and higher net interest expenditures lead to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.012 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1451 February 27, 2017 
higher debt. The continuous rise of the debt- to-GDP ratio . . . indicates that current pol-icy is unsustainable. 
We can also consider the legislative budget and economic outlook from the Congressional Budget Office. I want to highlight a few things that stood out to me. First, annual budget deficits are on their way back up after 6 years of de-cline. In fact, the budget deficit for fis-cal year 2016 will be one-third larger than in 2015. Second, CBO projects that the na-tional debt will rise by nearly $10 tril-lion over the next decade. Looking be-yond the next decade, CBO says that under current law, the national debt will explode to more than 150 percent of GDP—by far the highest level in American history. Third, CBO also says that interest on the national debt is itself an increas-ingly forceful engine driving the debt even higher. Interest payments on the national debt are increasing nearly twice as fast as spending on Social Se-curity and Medicare. Just last month, CBO Director Keith Hall said that over the next 10 years, interest payments are expected to triple in nominal terms and double relative to GDP. Fourth, CBO repeated some of the se-rious negative consequences of this na-tional debt for the budget, the econ-omy, and the Nation. In addition to substantially higher interest pay-ments, these include lower produc-tivity and wages, less flexibility by lawmakers to respond to fiscal chal-lenges, and increased likelihood of a fiscal crisis. In addition to these problems, former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Michael Mullen and experts from the Heritage Foundation to the Brookings Institu-tion warn that the national debt crisis is a serious threat to national security. Economists tell us that national debt above 90 percent of GDP for a sustained period of time will lead to substan-tially slower economic growth and higher interest rates. The United States is now in the longest period in its history with the national debt above that toxic 90-percent level. Not surprisingly, since the recession ended in June 2009, the national debt has grown more than twice as fast and GDP has grown less than half as fast as dur-ing the comparable period after pre-vious recessions. It is no wonder to me and to many others that more than two-thirds of Americans say that their concern over the national debt is growing and more than three-quarters of Americans say that the national debt should be among Congress’s top three priorities. The na-tional debt was once such a top pri-ority. In fact, America’s Founders were so determined to avoid debt that their commitment to fiscal balance was often called our unwritten fiscal con-stitution. President George Wash-ington, for example, told Congress that the regular redemption of the public debt was the most urgent fiscal pri-ority. That was George Washington. Thomas Jefferson wrote in 1798 that if he could add a single amendment to the Constitution, it would prohibit the Federal Government from borrowing. That commitment, of course, is long gone. The Federal budget has been bal-anced in only a dozen of the last 80 years. And, as I said earlier, we are in the longest period in American history with a debt above 90 percent of GDP. As its fiscal willpower failed, Con-gress has also tried to address the debt crisis by legislation. The first bill re-quiring a balanced budget was intro-duced in 1934 when the national debt was 40 percent of GDP. Fifty years later, Congress enacted the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act. Since then, we have enacted mul-tiple budget control acts and budget enforcement acts, only to see the na-tional debt climb from 42 percent of GDP in 1985 to 105 percent of GDP today. Good intentions will not balance the Nation’s checkbook. Statutes that Congress can change or ignore will not keep our fiscal house in order. Neither willpower nor legislation will tackle the national debt crisis. Pretending otherwise is the fiscal equivalent of fiddling while Rome burns. All the evidence—every bit of it— proves true the conclusion drawn by the Appropriations Committee 70 years ago. In no other way except by amend-ment to the Constitution can Congress be compelled to balanced its budget in peacetime. We have, as lawyers put it, exhausted our other remedies for this crisis. This would be a very different country—a freer and more prosperous country—if Congress had already pro-posed the only solution that exists, a constitutional amendment which re-quires fiscal responsibility. The first balanced budget amend-ment was introduced in the House of Representatives in 1936. As you can see, the national debt as a percentage of GDP has been going up by leaps and bounds. I introduced my first balanced budget amendment in June of 1979, dur-ing my first term in the Senate when the national debt was 32 percent of GDP. That share of GDP doubled by 1997 when the Senate came within one vote of passing a balanced budget amendment that I introduced—one vote. It rose to 95 percent when the Senate last voted on a balanced budget amendment in 2011 and is 105 percent of GDP today. Since this crisis is already so grave and getting worse, since the only way to tackle it is through the Constitu-tion, we should propose a balanced budget amendment and let the Amer-ican people decide whether to take this step. After all, Congress cannot amend the Constitution. A requirement that Congress keep its fiscal house in order cannot become part of the Constitution until that is approved by three-quar-ters of the States. Congress, however, is not the only way to propose constitutional amend-ments. Article V of the Constitution also allows the States to apply for a convention to propose constitutional amendments. Concerned citizens have been working since the mid-1970s to reach the two-thirds threshold for call-ing such a convention to propose a bal-anced budget amendment and are only six States away from that goal. Since Congress has never called an article V convention, questions remain unre-solved and theories untested regarding that method of proposing an amend-ment. I can assure my colleagues, how-ever, that Congress’s continued failure to propose a balanced budget—and a balanced budget amendment at that— guarantees that our fellow citizens will continue working to force that course upon us. There are two facts that we must face: the gravity of the nation’s debt crisis and the failure to address it by willpower or legislation. Perhaps some of my colleagues believe that the Con-gressional Budget Office is wrong in its disturbing projections and dire warn-ings; that the Government Account-ability Office is mistaken and the fis-cal path we are on is sustainable after all; that the Treasury Department is wrong about the spiral of increased debt and growing interest payments— some people feel that way; that the Concord Coalition and the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget are wrong about how national debt interest payments will continue to grow and add to the debt; and that economists are wrong to warn about the impact of sustained national debt of this mag-nitude. If my colleagues are convinced that everyone else is wrong and our fiscal future is just fine after all, then they should say so and then try to make that case to the American people. Even they will not do that because they know they are wrong, yet we can’t seem to get them to do what is right. I, for one, think that would be a very tough sell for them to make. Ameri-cans have been polled about this issue dozens of times over the years by major polling firms and national news organizations. Three-quarters of Amer-icans supported a balanced budget amendment in 1976, and three-quarters support it today. Perhaps all of these polls over the last 40 years are wrong. Perhaps the American people are content watching their national debt swallow the econ-omy. Perhaps our fellow citizens are actually OK with slower economic growth, a rising threat to national se-curity, the greater likelihood of a fis-cal crisis, and an unsustainable path to fiscal disaster. If that is what the American people actually believe, then they certainly are inclined to ratify a balanced budget amendment. The real reason Members of Congress refuse to give the American people this choice is that they know what the American people will say. I say with respect, but as strongly as I can, that this is not a legitimate basis for refus-ing to propose a balanced budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.002 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1452 February 27, 2017 
amendment. In our system of govern-ment, as Founder James Wilson once put it, the people are the masters of government. They alone have author-ity to set rules for government. This choice must be theirs, not ours. Here is the heart of the matter. First, the national debt crisis poses a significant and growing threat to the economic and national security of this country. In fact, we have never been in such an extended, perilous period as we are right now. Second, Congress has tried and failed to address this crisis by either willpower or legislation and will actually do so only if the Constitution requires it. Third, the decision of whether to use the Constitution to re-quire fiscal responsibility belongs to the American people, not to Congress. We can either take the responsibility we were elected for and propose a bal-anced budget amendment or the Amer-ican people may do it for us. I hope we have the guts to do what is right. Our very country is hanging in the balance. The rest of the world depends on the United States and the strong principles of the United States, and we need to do what is right. I think it is time for us to wake up and realize this is the Congress that can make the difference. After all these years of impropriety and exces-sive spending, we can do it. We can live within certain constraints. It may take a period of time to wind this down, but we can do it. This amendment does pro-vide for some ways of getting there. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 68—RAISING AWARENESS OF MODERN SLAV-ERY Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 68 Whereas it is estimated that tens of mil-lions of children, women, and men around the world are subjected to conditions of mod-ern slavery; Whereas the International Labour Organi-zation estimates that modern slavery gen-erates more than $150,000,000,000 in criminal profits each year; Whereas, despite being outlawed in every nation, modern slavery exists around the world, including in the United States; Whereas, around the world, 55 percent of forced labor victims are women or girls, and nearly 1 in 5 victims of slavery is a child; Whereas global leadership continues to coalesce around real and coordinated actions to end modern slavery, as exemplified in statements by senior officials such as U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May, who has stat-ed, ‘‘Britain is leading the way in pioneering international efforts to crack down on mod-ern slavery—one of the great scourges of our world—wherever it is found.’’; Whereas, on December 23, 2016, the End Modern Slavery Initiative, a bipartisan ini-tiative, was authorized to help establish a powerful effort in concert with the private sector and foreign governments to eliminate modern slavery and human trafficking around the globe; and Whereas, each year, individuals around the world join together to call for an end to mod-ern slavery by symbolically drawing a red ‘‘X’’ symbol on their hands to share the mes-sage of the END IT movement: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends each individual who sup-ported the END IT movement on February 23, 2017; (2) notes the dedication of individuals, or-ganizations, and governments to end modern slavery; and (3) calls for concerted, international action to bring an end to modern slavery around the world. f SENATE RESOLUTION 69—CELE-BRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, Mr. S COTT, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. R EED, Mr. W ICKER , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. P AUL, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. C OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. U DALL , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. B URR, Mr. H ELLER , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. S
TRANGE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 69 Whereas in 1776, people envisioned the United States as a new nation dedicated to the proposition stated in the Declaration of Independence that ‘‘all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pur-suit of Happiness . . .’’; Whereas Africans were first brought invol-untarily to the shores of America as early as the 17th century; Whereas African Americans suffered en-slavement and subsequently faced the injus-tices of lynch mobs, segregation, and denial of the basic and fundamental rights of citi-zenship; Whereas in 2017, the vestiges of those injus-tices and inequalities remain evident in the society of the United States; Whereas in the face of injustices, people of good will and of all races in the United States have distinguished themselves with a commitment to the noble ideals on which the United States was founded and have fought courageously for the rights and free-dom of African Americans and others; Whereas African Americans, such as Lieu-tenant Colonel Allen Allensworth, Maya Angelou, Arthur Ashe Jr., James Baldwin, James Beckwourth, Clara Brown, Blanche Bruce, Ralph Bunche, Shirley Chisholm, Holt Collier, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, Ralph Ellison, Medgar Evers, Alex Haley, Dorothy Height, Lena Horne, Charles Hamilton Houston, Mahalia Jackson, Steph-anie Tubbs Jones, B.B. King, Martin Luther King, Jr., Thurgood Marshall, Constance Baker Motley, Rosa Parks, Walter Payton, Bill Pickett, Homer Plessy, Bass Reeves, Hiram Revels, Amelia Platts Boynton Robin-son, Jackie Robinson, Aaron Shirley, So-journer Truth, Harriet Tubman, Booker T. Washington, the Greensboro Four, and the Tuskegee Airmen, along with many others, worked against racism to achieve success and to make significant contributions to the economic, educational, political, artistic, athletic, literary, scientific, and techno-logical advancements of the United States; Whereas the contributions of African Americans from all walks of life throughout the history of the United States reflect the greatness of the United States; Whereas many African Americans lived, toiled, and died in obscurity, never achieving the recognition they deserved, and yet paved the way for future generations to succeed; Whereas African Americans continue to serve the United States at the highest levels of business, government, and the military; Whereas the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass inspired the creation of Negro History Week, the precursor to Black History Month; Whereas Negro History Week represented the culmination of the efforts of Dr. Carter G. Woodson, the ‘‘Father of Black History’’, to enhance knowledge of Black history through the Journal of Negro History, pub-lished by the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, which was founded by Dr. Carter G. Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland; Whereas Black History Month, celebrated during the month of February, originated in 1926 when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a special period in February to recognize the heritage and achievement of Black people of the United States; Whereas Dr. Carter G. Woodson stated: ‘‘We have a wonderful history behind us. . . . If you are unable to demonstrate to the world that you have this record, the world will say to you, ‘You are not worthy to enjoy the blessings of democracy or anything else.’’’; Whereas since the founding of the United States, the Nation has imperfectly pro-gressed toward noble goals; Whereas the history of the United States is the story of people regularly affirming high ideals, striving to reach those ideals but often failing, and then struggling to come to terms with the disappointment of that fail-ure, before committing to trying again; Whereas on November 4, 2008, the people of the United States elected Barack Obama, an African-American man, as President of the United States; and Whereas on February 22, 2012, people across the United States celebrated the groundbreaking of the National Museum of African American History and Culture on the National Mall in Washington, District of Columbia, which opened to the public on September 24, 2016: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) acknowledges that all people of the United States are the recipients of the wealth of history provided by Black culture; (2) recognizes the importance of Black His-tory Month as an opportunity to reflect on the complex history of the United States, while remaining hopeful and confident about the path ahead; (3) acknowledges the significance of Black History Month as an important opportunity to commemorate the tremendous contribu-tions of African Americans to the history of the United States; (4) encourages the celebration of Black History Month to provide a continuing op-portunity for all people in the United States to learn from the past and understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.003 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1453 February 27, 2017 
(5) agrees that, while the United States began as a divided country, the United States must— (A) honor the contribution of all pioneers in the United States who have helped to en-sure the legacy of the great United States; and (B) move forward with purpose, united tire-lessly as a nation ‘‘indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 70—RECOG-NIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 9066 AND EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT POLICIES THAT DISCRIMINATE AGAINST ANY IN-DIVIDUAL BASED ON THE AC-TUAL OR PERCEIVED RACE, ETH-NICITY, NATIONAL ORIGIN, OR RELIGION OF THAT INDIVIDUAL WOULD BE A REPETITION OF THE MISTAKES OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 9066 AND CONTRARY TO THE VALUES OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R EED, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 70 Whereas, on December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy launched a surprise attack against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, which led to— (1) increased prejudice and suspicion to-ward Japanese Americans; and (2) calls from civilians and public officials to remove Japanese Americans from the west coast of the United States; Whereas, on February 19, 1942, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407; relating to au-thorizing the Secretary of War to prescribe military areas) (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Executive Order 9066’’), which led to— (1) the exclusion of all individuals of Japa-nese ancestry in the United States; and (2) the incarceration of 120,313 United States citizens and lawful permanent resi-dents of Japanese ancestry in incarceration camps during World War II; Whereas President Gerald Ford formally rescinded Executive Order 9066 in Presi-dential Proclamation 4417, dated February 19, 1976 (41 Fed. Reg. 7741) (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Presidential Proclamation 4417’’); Whereas Presidential Proclamation 4417— (1) states that Japanese Americans were and are loyal people of the United States who have contributed to the well-being and security of the United States; (2) states that the issuance of Executive Order 9066 was a grave mistake in United States history; and (3) resolves that actions such as the ac-tions authorized by Executive Order 9066 shall never happen again; Whereas, in 1980, Congress established the Commission on Wartime Relocation and In-ternment of Civilians to investigate the cir-cumstances surrounding the issuance of Ex-ecutive Order 9066; Whereas, in 1983, the Commission on War-time Relocation and Internment of Civilians issued a report entitled ‘‘Personal Justice Denied’’ in which the Commission on War-time Relocation and Internment of Civilians concluded that— (1) the promulgation of Executive Order 9066 was not justified by military necessity; and (2) the decision to issue Executive Order 9066 was shaped by ‘‘race prejudice, war hysteria, and a failure of political leader-ship’’; Whereas, on August 10, 1988, the Civil Lib-erties Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–383; 102 Stat. 903) was enacted— (1) to acknowledge the grave injustice done to citizens and permanent residents of the United States of Japanese ancestry by re-quiring the evacuation, relocation, and in-ternment of those individuals during World War II; (2) to apologize for ‘‘fundamental viola-tions of the basic civil liberties and constitu-tional rights of these individuals of Japanese ancestry’’ and provide monetary reparations to Japanese Americans who had been incar-cerated by the Federal Government; and (3) to establish the Civil Liberties Public Education Fund to ensure that ‘‘the events surrounding the exclusion, forced removal, and incarceration of civilians and permanent resident aliens of Japanese ancestry will be remembered, and so that the causes and cir-cumstances of this and similar events may be illuminated and understood’’; Whereas the terrorist attacks carried out in the United States on September 11, 2001, have led to heightened levels of suspicion and hate crimes, xenophobia, and bigotry di-rected toward the Arab, Middle Eastern, South Asian, Muslim, Sikh, and Hindu American communities, including— (1) on August 5, 2012, an attack on the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin in Oak Creek, Wis-consin, which led to several injuries and the death of 6 Sikh Americans; and (2) on February 10, 2015, the execution- style shooting of 3 Muslim American stu-dents in Chapel Hill, North Carolina; Whereas the terrorist attacks carried out in Paris, France, on November 5, 2015, have led to renewed calls from public officials and figures to register Muslim Americans and bar millions of individuals from entering the United States based solely on the religion of those individuals, repeating the mistakes of 1942; Whereas Executive Order 13769 (82 Fed. Reg. 8977; relating to protecting the Nation from foreign terrorist entry into the United States) (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘Ex-ecutive Order 13769’’), issued on January 27, 2017, embodies an unconstitutional, disrup-tive step backwards that has promoted dis-crimination against individuals based on na-tional origin and religion, which is contrary to the values of the United States; and Whereas, on February 9, 2017, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit unanimously upheld the decision of a Fed-eral district court judge to temporarily block the implementation of Executive Order 13769: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the historical significance of February 19, 1942, as the date on which Presi-dent Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed Exec-utive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407; relating to authorizing the Secretary of War to pre-scribe military areas) (referred to in this re-solving clause as ‘‘Executive Order 9066’’), which restricted the freedom of Japanese Americans; (2) recognizes the historical significance of February 19, 1976, as the date on which Presi-dent Gerald Ford issued Presidential Procla-mation 4417 (41 Fed. Reg. 7741), which for-mally terminated Executive Order 9066; (3) supports the goals of the Japanese American community in recognizing a Na-tional Day of Remembrance to increase pub-lic awareness about the unjust measures taken to restrict the freedom of Japanese Americans during World War II; (4) expresses the sense that the National Day of Remembrance described in paragraph (3) is an opportunity— (A) to reflect on the importance of uphold-ing justice and civil liberties for all people of the United States; and (B) to oppose hate, xenophobia, and big-otry; (5) recognizes the positive contributions that people of the United States of every race, ethnicity, religion, and national origin have made to the United States; (6) steadfastly confirms the dedication of the Senate to the rights and dignity of all people of the United States; and (7) expresses the sense that policies that discriminate against any individual based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, na-tional origin, or religion of that individual would be— (A) a repetition of the mistakes of Execu-tive Order 9066; and (B) contrary to the values of the United States. f PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, Robert Ivanauskas is a congressional detailee to the Energy Committee. I ask unani-mous consent that he be granted floor privileges through December 31, 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to Harry Knight, a detailee from the Department of Com-merce, during the pendency of the first session of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FEBRUARY 26, 2017, AS THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF DENALI NATIONAL PARK AND PRESERVE IN THE STATE OF ALASKA On Friday, February 17 (legislative day of Thursday, February 16), 2017, the Senate adopted S. Res. 55, with its pre-amble, as amended, as follows: 
S. R ES. 55 Whereas Alaska Natives have lived on the land surrounding the Denali area and used the resources of the land for food, shelter, clothing, transportation, handicrafts, and trade for thousands of years; Whereas Judge James Wickersham, of Fairbanks, Alaska, discovered gold in the Kantishna Hills following his attempted as-cent of Denali in 1903, prompting a gold rush with several thousand prospectors and the establishment of successful placer and com-mercial mining operations that lasted for decades; Whereas explorer Belmore Browne and hunter-naturalist Charles Sheldon visited the Denali region, observed the natural splendor of Denali, and, along with Alaska’s territorial delegate to Congress, Judge Wickersham, and pioneering biological sur-vey naturalist Edward Nelson, tirelessly ad-vocated for Denali’s protection; Whereas early proponents of national parks, such as the Boone and Crockett Club, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.021 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1454 February 27, 2017 
the Campfire Club of America, and the Amer-ican Game Protective and Propagation Asso-ciation, sponsored early expeditions, includ-ing those of Sheldon and Brown, and advo-cated for the creation of a national park at Denali; Whereas in 1910, miners from the Kantishna Hills discovered an approach by which Denali might be climbed, relying on years of observations while following quartz leads and hunting sheep in the foothills of the Denali area; Whereas Athabascan Walter Harper joined Archdeacon Hudson Stuck, Harry Karstens, and Robert Tatum to successfully summit the highest peak of Denali in 1913, opening the door for thousands of individuals to test their own endurance and fortitude by at-tempting to climb the giant massif; Whereas President Woodrow Wilson signed into law the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to estab-lish the Mount McKinley National Park, in the Territory of Alaska’’, approved February 26, 1917 (39 Stat. 938, chapter 121), for the ben-efit and enjoyment of the people of the United States and the preservation of the Denali area’s scenic beauty, animals, birds, and fish; Whereas Congress expanded the boundaries of Mount McKinley National Park in 1922, 1932, and 1980 and renamed that national park Denali National Park and Preserve after the traditional Koyukon Athabascan name for the highest peak in the park, Deenaalee, meaning the High One; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve protects and interprets Denali, which is the highest mountain in North America, at 20,310 feet, and the tallest above-water mountain, with a vertical relief of almost 18,000 feet measured from its base; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve preserves a wild subarctic landscape with a rich and diverse tapestry of plant life and intact ecosystems where bears, wolves, caribou, moose, and Dall sheep roam as they have for thousands of years; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve protects a wide array of fossils that point to an age 70,000,000 years ago, when di-nosaurs roamed that northern land; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve contains 2 of the oldest-known archae-ology sites in North America, the oldest of which dates to just over 13,000 years old; Whereas glaciers still blanket 
1⁄6of Denali National Park and Preserve and continue to shape the landscape by carving mountains, feeding silt-laden rivers, and depositing rock and silt across the valleys; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve was designated as an International Biosphere Reserve in 1976 and has become a premier international tourist destination; Whereas in 2016, nearly 600,000 visitors set foot in Denali National Park and Preserve, the greatest number of visitors in the his-tory of Denali National Park and Preserve and a record number of visitors for the State of Alaska; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve has provided a wide array of visitor ex-periences to tourists, including hiking, dog mushing, rafting, and cycling; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve’s historic Denali Park Road provides visitors with unparalleled opportunities to experience and explore millions of acres of an accessible wildlife sanctuary that rep-resents one of the crown jewels of the United States; Whereas residents of the State of Alaska continue their subsistence way of life by hunting and gathering in the majority of Denali National Park and Preserve; Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve hosts the only working sled dog kennel in a national park, and winter patrols are conducted inside Denali National Park and Preserve using the age-old tradition of dog mushing; and Whereas Denali National Park and Pre-serve, known for its breathtaking scenery and iconic wildlife, protects more than 6,000,000 acres of towering mountains, expan-sive valleys, glacial rivers of ice, braided streams, and wildland for the benefit of all people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates and celebrates Denali Na-tional Park and Preserve on its centennial anniversary; (2) encourages all people of the State of Alaska and the United States to visit and ex-perience this national treasure; and (3) designates February 26, 2017, as ‘‘Denali National Park and Preserve Day’’. f AUTHORIZING APPOINTMENT OF ESCORT COMMITTEE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Pre-siding Officer of the Senate be author-ized to appoint a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber for the joint session to be held at 9 p.m. on Tuesday, February 28, 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of S. Res. 64, adopted March 5, 2013, appoints the following Senators as members of the Senate National Security Working Group for the 115th Congress: Dianne Feinstein of California (Democratic Administrative Co-Chairman), Jack Reed of Rhode Island (Democratic Co- Chairman), Robert Menendez of New Jersey (Democratic Co-Chairman), Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, Bill Nel-son of Florida, Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, Robert P. Casey, Jr., of Pennsylvania, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, and Tammy Duckworth of Illi-nois. 
f 
CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 69, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 69) celebrating Black History Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 69) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 28; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of the Zinke nomination postcloture; finally, that all time during leader re-marks, morning business, recess, and adjournment of the Senate count postcloture on the Zinke nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Mr. D
AINES . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Montana. 
f 
NOMINATION OF RYAN ZINKE Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, tonight the Senate took a long overdue step forward in finally confirming Congress-man R
YAN ZINKE to be our next Sec-retary of the Interior. You know, we could have done this on January 20. You see, R
YAN ZINKE is not a con-troversial nominee. He is a westerner. He is a Montanan whom we need serv-ing as our next Secretary. Back on January 17, when the Energy and Natural Resources Committee had a hearing on R
YANZINKE’s nomination, I detailed for the committee exactly why he is a good fit for this job. Frankly, it is shameful that it took this body this long to move forward on R
YANZINKE’s nomination. You see, this is a historic moment for Montana, as Congressman Z
INKE will be the first Montanan ever to serve in a Presi-dent’s Cabinet. That dates back to statehood in 1889. Back in 1979, there was a junior from Bozeman High School and another jun-ior from Whitefish High School who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE6.034 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1455 February 27, 2017 
were both headed to Dillon, MT, for Boys State. They were both Boys State delegates. In fact, the keynote speaker that year was a newly elected U.S. Sen-ator. He had been elected in the fall of 1978. This was June of 1979, at Boys State, and this Senator was named Max Baucus. So 38 years later, that kid from Boze-man was serving on the U.S. Senate Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee, and that kid from Whitefish was testifying before that very same committee to be the next Secretary of the Interior. You see, R
YANZINKE was also captain of the soon-to-be undefeated State champion Whitefish Bulldogs football team. He was also president of his class. After high school R
YAN went on to the University of Oregon, where he was a full-scholarship, starting athlete for the Oregon Ducks football team, where he won numerous awards for both out-standing academic and athletic per-formance. He majored in geology, a subject matter that I know has served him well in serving the people of Mon-tana. R
YAN ZINKE was a U.S. Navy SEAL commander whose assignments in-cluded the elite SEAL Team Six. In fact, part of that tenure was serving under General Mattis—now Secretary Mattis—as the commander of Joint Special Forces in Iraq at the very height of insurgent activity. During his 23 years as a U.S. Navy SEAL, R
YAN conducted special oper-ations on four continents. RYANZINKE earned two Bronze Stars and many other awards for his service to our Na-tion. We should all be thankful to him, to his wife Lola, and their children for his service. Following his retirement from the Navy, after more than two decades of honorable service to our Nation, R
YAN came back home to Montana, and he continued to serve again, this time in our State government. R
YAN ran for and won a seat in the State senate and then as Montana’s sole Representative in the U.S. House. For the past couple of years, R
YAN has been a strong supporter of con-servation, of responsible natural re-sources development, of LWCF, as well as increased recreational access to our public lands. R
YAN grew up 30 minutes from Gla-cier National Park. I grew up about 60 minutes from Yellowstone National Park. We both understand the impor-tance of our national parks. R
YANis intimately familiar with the vast jurisdiction of the Department of Interior because he has lived it. He has seen his own hometown suffer due to bad government policies that hurt rural communities like Libby, where the logging industry has been deci-mated; like Malta, like Colstrip, which depend on our public lands for access. Above all, R
YAN is a Montanan who grew up on our public lands. He knows that we must strike the right balance between conservation and responsible energy development, and he under-stands more than most that these one- size-fits-all policies from Washington, DC, never work for real America. The bureaucrats in Washington, DC, often-times can’t even find Montana on a map. RYAN ZINKE is whip smart. He is a guy you want in your corner while you are fighting in the streets of Fallujah for your life or you are fighting on the floor of Congress for your livelihood. He listens. He fights for what he be-lieves in. I have absolutely no doubt he will be a fighter for America; he will be a fighter for our public lands as the next Secretary of the Interior. So I look forward to confirming R
YANZINKE within the next day and a half. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 8 p.m., ad-journed until Tuesday, February 28, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate February 27, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
WILBUR L. ROSS, JR., OF FLORIDA, TO BE SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G27FE6.044 S27FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE231 February 27, 2017 
RECOGNIZING GIANT FOOD, LLC AND UFCW LOCAL 400 ON THE GRAND REOPENING OF THE UNI-VERSITY MALL STORE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Giant Food, LLC, on the grand reopening of its University Mall store following an extensive renovation and expansion. For several years University Mall has been in the midst of a complete make-over to better reflect and serve this vibrant community including the students and staff of George Mason Univer-sity. With the reopening of the Giant Food store, this $35 million renovation project will be complete. Giant Food is much more than a grocery store. For years Giant Food has been a true partner and has supported our community in a variety of ways. Giant Food has been an im-portant donor to local food banks, providing the necessary funds and products to ensure that shelves are stocked with healthy options. Giant Food recently strengthened their ties with the community by partnering with the Washington Capitals, Mystics, Wizards and the Verizon Center to promote programs that support hunger relief and building healthier communities. Understanding that holidays can be a difficult time for our most vulnerable neighbors, Giant has donated 28,750 Thanks-giving turkeys since 2011, as well as thou-sands of Easter hams. Giant Food’s support of our community ex-tends far beyond food and nutrition. Giant Food hosts an annual A+ School Rewards Program that has donated more than $94 mil-lion since 1989 to participating schools. Last year, the program donated $2 million to 1,466 public and private schools in the Maryland, Virginia, D.C, and Delaware area. This money allows for investment in schools’ technology programs, scholarship opportunities, and other educational benefits including playgrounds and fieldtrips. These examples are just a small sampling of the projects and programs spon-sored by Giant Food that directly help our resi-dents. None of this would be possible without the support of the Giant corporate leadership or the tireless dedication of the men and women of United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 400. The UFCW Local 400 rep-resents 35,000 members who work in the re-tail food, health care, department store, food processing and other industries in our area. Local 400 not only helps to protect the wages and benefits of its members, but also strives to improve the working conditions and futures of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Giant Food, LLC on the grand re-opening of its University Mall store and in thanking its leadership and Local 400 members for their countless contributions to our local community. RECOGNIZING JAYLA WILLIAMS HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jayla Williams, an ex-ceptional young woman from my hometown of Gainesville, Georgia. Jayla has been named the Boys & Girls Club of Hall County’s Youth of the Year for the third consecutive time. Jayla’s motto in life is ‘‘failure is feedback,’’ and she has made it a point to never give up on her endeavors. Even at her young age, Jayla is heavily involved in Hall County, dedi-cating more than 200 hours to community service and other local organizations, such as National Honor Society, Beta Club, and Na-tional Spanish Honors Society. Jayla is also the President of the Boys and Girls Keystone Club, which promotes community service. Jayla has excelled in the classroom, boast-ing an impressive 4.1 GPA. She is also on both the softball team and varsity cheerleading squad. Winning Youth of the Year for Hall County qualifies Jayla for the Georgia Youth of the Year title. From there, she could be eligible for National Youth of the Year, where she could earn $100,000 worth of scholarships and a chance to meet the President of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Jayla Williams and her many accomplishments and contributions to Hall County. She has been a role model for children and young adults, and we are excited to see what is in store for her bright future. 
f 
HONORING THE ADVANCED MIXED WASTE TREATMENT PROJECT’S CLEANUP MILESTONES 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Advanced Mixed Waste Treatment Project’s (AMWTP) nearly 15-year effort to retrieve, treat, and remove legacy nu-clear waste from the State of Idaho. Since 2003, AMWTP has been the nation’s premier transuranic radioactive waste proc-essing facility. Operated by the U.S. Depart-ment of Energy, AMWTP was constructed dur-ing the Clinton Administration to meet the na-tion’s obligations to treat radioactive trans-uranic waste left over from the Manhattan Project. During the 1970s and 1980s, truckloads and rail cars of waste were shipped to Idaho pri-marily from the Energy Department’s Rocky Flats Plant near Denver, Colorado. These shipments brought 65,000 cubic meters of clothing, machine parts, and tools contami-nated by plutonium and housed in wooden and fiberglass boxes and metal drums to the Idaho desert. Over the years, the condition of these boxes and drums deteriorated signifi-cantly, making cleanup a challenging task. As outlined in the 1995 Idaho Settlement Agree-ment, AMWTP’s mission, unique facilities, and skilled workforce were charged with character-izing, treating, processing, and removing from Idaho the single largest concentration of trans-uranic radioactive waste in the United States. For 14 years, the workforce at AMWTP has prepared and sent more than 5,800 shipments of transuranic waste to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP) in Carlsbad, New Mexico. This represents nearly half of all the waste disposed in that facility. At the same time, the workforce has accomplished this feat in a safe and compliant manner. The staff at AMWTP has also received and processed radioactive waste from 15 other Department of Energy sites, eliminating the need to build expensive, new processing plants. Today, AMWTP and its workforce take an-other step in completing their mission, with 100 percent of the above-ground waste now retrieved and ready for characterization, treat-ment, and packaging, in anticipation of being removed from the State of Idaho for perma-nent, long-term disposal within WIPP. As a re-gional asset, AMWTP and its exclusive capa-bilities and experienced workforce remain a viable facility for future waste processing mis-sions. While challenges continue with cleaning up the remaining buried and liquid radioactive wastes in Idaho, the milestones met by the thousands of contract and federal workers in Idaho should not be forgotten. Their long- standing efforts have set the benchmark and proven to critics that promises can be met given enough time and support. Today, I can say with confidence and congratulations that the State of Idaho is better because of the AMWTP and its employees’ commitment and service. f 
HONORING DIANE INNERST OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent, Diane Innerst, upon her upcoming retirement after 23 years as a Middle School Math Teacher for Harrisburg Academy. In addition to her teaching duties, Mrs. Innerst served as mentor of the Math Counts Team for each of her 23 year at Harrisburg Academy. She worked with the student council and oversaw a myriad of events such as dances, bake sales, elections and fundraisers. Prior to her time with Harrisburg Academy, Mrs. Innerst taught in the public education system. Mrs. Innerst’s family has served our Nation with distinction as her husband is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.001 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE232 February 27, 2017 
former U.S. Marine and their two sons grad-uated from the U.S. Naval Academy. Mrs. Innerst’s dedication has touched the lives of many people and challenged all with whom she served to be the best. Her legacy of service is admirable. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late Diane Innerst upon her retirement after many years of service to Harrisburg Academy and our community. 
f 
HONORING THE 27TH ANNUAL MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. YOUTH ORATORICAL CONTEST 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 32nd Annual King Day Celebration and the cornerstone of the event, the 27th An-nual Martin Luther King Jr. Youth Oratorical Contest, hosted by the Prince William Alum-nae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, In-corporated in partnership with the Cecil & Irene Hylton Foundation. Annually, the Hylton Foundation and the members of the Prince William Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta, Incorporated invite community members to gather on Martin Luther King Jr. Day to reflect upon the past year and receive a message of hope from the youth of today and leaders of tomorrow. Rev-erend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. will forever be engrained in our history as the formative figure in the quest for justice through civil dialogue. In his Letter from a Birmingham Jail, Dr. King highlighted the need for civility in order to establish equality. For his courage, vision, and perseverance, we celebrate Dr. King, not just for the man he was, but for his vision of the American Dream and what America can be. While his life was cut short by a senseless act of violence, his legacy is one of tolerance. Re-sponding through peaceful and principled communication to condemn the injustice of so-cial and racial inequality, Dr. King worked tire-lessly to establish a more united society. As we gather days prior to the 58th inauguration, under this year’s theme of ‘‘what the world needs now’’, participants in the Youth Oratori-cal Contest pay homage to the legacy of Dr. King through their delivery of extemporaneous remarks. The ability to communicate with passion and clarity will serve them well as they assume fu-ture leadership opportunities and establish the personal relationships necessary for commu-nity engagement. I congratulate the following contestants in the 27th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Youth Oratorical Contest: 
Middle School Contestants Chelsea Campbell—Porter Traditional School Jennine Faruque—Stonewall Middle School Abdullah Usufzai— Ronald Reagan Middle School High School Contestants Gladys Gonzalez—Osbourn High School Norman Jones—Stonewall Jackson High School Hamayel Safi—Woodbridge High School 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the Prince William Alum-nae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for showcasing the power of purposeful and meaningful communication reminiscent of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and in congratu-lating the talented youth of the 2017 MLK Youth Oratorical Contest. f 
RECOGNIZING MS. CAMILLE BENT-LEY-M
CGOLDRICK OF THE UNI- CAPITOL WASHINGTON INTERN-SHIP PROGRAM 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, the United States and Australia share a special union cul-turally, economically, and as security partners. The friendship our two countries share is strengthened by programs like the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Program. For the past 18 years, the Uni-Capitol Program has paired students from Australia with offices on Capitol Hill. Since the program’s inception, more than 180 students from 10 partner Australian uni-versities have participated. The students in this program are the best and the brightest that Australia has to offer. They bring a unique perspective to the House and Senate offices that they serve, strengthening the special alli-ance between our two nations and fostering greater understanding and mutual respect be-tween us. This year, it has been my pleasure to host Ms. Camille Bentley-McGoldrick in my Wash-ington office. Camille, a first year law student at the University of Melbourne, is a great ex-ample of the high-caliber students this pro-gram provides Congressional offices. She proved herself to be very intelligent, motivated, and hard working. Camille is also an absolute pleasure to work with. No matter the assign-ment, she is always. eager to help and ap-proaches every new task with a smile. Fur-thermore, Camille excelled in drafting cor-respondence to my constituents, researching a wide-range of legislative issues for staffers, and attending briefings on a multitude of top-ics, all while demonstrating a desire to learn about, and engage in, the important and unique policy issues facing our nation. Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt that Camille will go on to do great things. She has a very bright and exciting future ahead of her. I wish her all the very best. 
f 
GERARDO MONTONE 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of Gerardo Montone, a hardworking and dedicated member of the Roma Club of Woodland Park, NJ, who will be honored at the Roma Club Dinner Dance on Sunday. Gerardo was born and raised in a small town in Italy called Punta Licosa. He lived there with his parents, Valentino and Rosa Montone, brother Antonio and sister Antoi-nette, but at the age of eighteen Gerardo’s family decided to make the big move to the United States. After months of living with his aunt and uncle in New York, Gerardo, with his mother Rosa and sister Antoinette, moved to my home town of Paterson, New Jersey, where he still lives today. Gerardo has been an extremely hard worker his entire life. After just one day of living in the United States he got a job working at Lembo Textile Shop. Gerardo worked making rollers for textile printers. After living in the United States for some time, Gerardo picked up a second job. He worked the night shift at Mas-ter Screens in Clifton, NJ. Gerardo quickly saw himself thriving at Master Screens, and eventually became the manager of the entire location, making it his primary job for seven years. Finally, after a year of being in the United States, Gerardo’s brother Antonio and sister- in-law moved to Paterson, NJ and began working with Gerardo to build their own two- family home. Gerardo lived on one floor with his mother Rosa and sister Antoinette, while his brother Antonio and sister-in-law lived on the second floor with their two children. As you can tell, Gerardo is a self-made man who achieves everything he sets his mind to. Aside from building houses and managing a textile shop, he loves fishing and eating sea-food. Whenever he has downtime he gets his rod and heads to go fishing. Because of his passion for fishing he decided to open his own seafood market. He named it San Marco’s Fish Market, and it was located on 21st Ave-nue in Paterson, NJ. He kept the business in the family and employed his brother Antonio, sister Antoinette, and sister-in-law. His market became incredibly successful, and he eventu-ally began supplying seafood to many local restaurants. Gerardo succeeded in the sea-food industry for 12 years, when he decided to begin achieving some of his other dreams. After years of being out in the workforce, Gerardo decided to go back to school so that he could begin doing what he truly loved. In 2000, Gerardo opened up Montone Remod-eling and Construction, Incorporation. Gerardo still runs and operates his company, and has had much success with his business. Asides from fishing and being at the company, Gerardo loves to spend time with his son Gerardo, Jr, and his wife of 14 years, Julia. Gerardo is an extremely hard working man, and I do not see him slowing down at any time in his future. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues, family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the work of Gerardo Montone and his hard work and dedication to the Roma Club of Woodland Park, NJ. f 
RECOGNIZING PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACH-ERS ON OBTAINING CERTIFI-CATIONS AND RENEWALS FROM THE 2016 NATIONAL BOARD FOR PROFESSIONAL TEACHING STANDARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Prince William County Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.003 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE233 February 27, 2017 
School Division and congratulate the following educators on obtaining certification or recertifi-cation by the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards. Founded in 1987, the National Board was established by teachers for teachers as the premier vehicle for defining and recognizing accomplished educators. Today, the independent nonprofit organization remains dedicated to supporting excellence in education and is governed by classroom teachers, school administrators, school board leaders, governors and state legislators, high-er education officials, teacher union leaders, and business and community leaders. A National Board Certification denotes the most respected professional certification avail-able in the education field. Obtaining certifi-cation and completing the renewal process is a personal and public statement of one’s com-mitment to the evolution of effective instruction methods. In order to obtain the distinction, teachers must display a mastering of the standards established by the National Board by successfully completing a rigorous multi-component assessment that demonstrates that he or she has acquired the knowledge, skills, and practices required of an accomplished ed-ucator. Certified educators support a vision of teaching based on the following five core propositions: 1. Teachers are committed to students and their learning; 2. Teachers know the subjects they teach and how to teach those subjects to students; 3. Teachers are responsible for managing and monitoring student learning; 4. Teachers think systematically about their practice and learn from experience; and 5. Teachers are members of learning com-munities. I extend my personal congratulations and appreciation to the following 2016 National Board Certified Teachers for receiving their re-spective certifications and renewals: 
Schenell Agee—Library Media Programs and Research Alise Brooks—Dale City Elementary School James Carroll—Freedom High School Melissa Dembele—Featherstone Elemen-tary School Elise Dutton—Benton Middle School Rhonda Ellington—Mullen Elementary School Christy Katsourakis—Enterprise Elemen-tary School Lauren Mack—T. Clay Wood Elementary School Karisa Marcy—Piney Branch Elementary School Christine Petrus—Haymarket Elementary School Jennifer Roberts—Patriot High School Carey Shenal—Stonewall Jackson High School 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending these teachers for their commitment to education, professional devel-opment, and the students of Prince William County Public Schools. The world-class edu-cation provided to our students is due to the tireless efforts of teachers who make excel-lence the standard and I thank them for their invaluable contributions. IN CELEBRATION OF THE 20TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE WALL OF HONOR WITHIN THE FRESNO AF-RICAN AMERICAN HISTORICAL AND CULTURAL MUSEUM HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the State Center Community Col-lege District’s Wall of Honor within the Fresno African American Historical and Cultural Mu-seum in celebration of its 20 year anniversary. As we celebrate Black History Month, it is im-portant to note this important part of the mu-seum which has highlighted successes in the African American community throughout the San Joaquin Valley. The African American Historical and Cultural Museum was the creation of Jack Kelley, the first African American police sergeant in Fres-no. Passionate about black history, Jack want-ed to create a place where people could go to recognize and enjoy black history throughout our Valley. Jack and former State Center Community College District chancellor, Dr. Bill F. Stewart, coined the idea of creating a Wall of Honor within the museum, where excep-tional African American leaders affiliated with the State Center Community College District could be recognized. Since 1996, the Wall of Honor has served as a platform to highlight the success of notable African Americans in our community. Each year, a committee of local leaders accepts nominations for the Wall of Honor and selects the inductees. Those in-ducted into the Wall of Honor must have at-tended, worked or served the State Center Community College District. The Wall of Honor acts as a representation of the triumphs African Americans in the State Center Community College District have achieved. It will serve as a place for where the brilliance, accomplishments, and strength of our black community leaders will be honored. It is my great pleasure to honor the Wall of Honor for a successful 20 years. I also com-memorate the services of all the staff of the museum and the State Center Community College District who have worked hard to edu-cate our community and preserve our Valley’s African American History. I send my best wishes for many years to come. 
f 
GINGER ONTIVEROS VICTOR VAL-LEY COLLEGE ALUMNI HALL OF FAME INDUCTEE 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the outstanding service and induction of Ginger Ontiveros to the Victor Valley Col-lege Alumni Hall of Fame. Ginger was the pre-vious Executive Director of Victor Valley Col-lege Foundation and was instrumental in changing the landscape of higher education within Victor Valley. As an alumnus of VVC, Ginger is extremely compassionate and thoughtful towards the needs of students and exceled in her role as Executive Director of the VVC Foundation. During her 15 years with the Victor Valley College Foundation, Ginger provided Victor Valley College with vast opportunities through securing gifts for VVC, easing enrollment chal-lenges for students, and assisted in the devel-opment of the renowned Dr. Prem Reddy Health & Science Building at VVC. This is only a few of the many programs that Ginger im-plemented which fostered mentors from the Victor Valley community to give back to stu-dents attending Victor Valley College. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to thank Ginger Ontiveros for her tireless work and dedication to the stu-dents of the High Desert and faculty of Victor Valley College. Ginger Ontiveros’ work has shaped education within Victor Valley and I am pleased to hear that she will be inducted in the Victor Valley College’s Alumni Hall of Fame. f 
RECOGNIZING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2017 DALE CITY CIVIC ASSO-CIATION COMMUNITY AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the 2017 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards. The Dale City Civic Association represents the interests of the 70,000 residents of Dale City in a manner that benefits the entire com-munity. Association members complete revital-ization and beautification projects, advocate for land use projects, and volunteer in re-sponse to community needs. Each year, the Association hosts a recogni-tion banquet to honor individuals and organi-zations that have shown exemplary devotion to the betterment of the community through public service. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the names of the 2017 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards recipi-ents: 
Elementary School Teacher of the Year Award: Angela Hunt Middle School Teacher of the Year Award: Atif Qarni High School Teacher of the Year Award: Larry Baker Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Firefighter of the Year Award: Matthew Wer-ner Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Emergency Medical Service Provider of the Year Award: Amanda Fleig Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Offi-cer of the Year Award: Thomas Mazzo Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Cadet of the Year Award: Bradford Burgeson Department of Fire and Rescue Firefighter of the Year Award: Technician II John Malley Department of Fire and Rescue Emergency Medical Technician Provider of the Year Award: LT Brian Reader Police Officers of the Year Award: Officer Bryan B. Gee and Officer Tyler J. Reza Deputy Sheriff of the Year Award: Deputy Michael Shepherd Kathie Feeney Nurse of the Year Award: Aisha Sesay, BSN, RN Kathleen K. Seefeldt Community Service Award: Connie V. Andrews Business Owner of the Year Award: Debo-rah C. Roundtree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.003 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE234 February 27, 2017 
David G. Brickley Youth Environmental Conservation Award: Alexander Elvir-Her-rera John D. Jenkins Youth Citizen of the Year Award: Joshua Jones Catherine Spellane Citizen of the Year Award: Albert Brooks Ernestine S. Jenkins Lifetime Volunteer Achievement Award: Norman ‘‘Norm’’ Catterton 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending all of the volunteers and public servants and in congratulating the 2017 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards recipients. These remarkable individ-uals have dedicated themselves to the better-ment of the Dale City community and the strengthening of this vibrant community. They have all made a lasting contribution to Dale City, and I hope their actions will spur others into serving our community to sustain this tre-mendous success. 
f 
HONORING ALCALDE AND ALCALDESSA TED AND PAT ELIOT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ted Eliot and his late wife Pat Eliot, who have been named Alcalde and Alcaldessa for the City of Sonoma, Cali-fornia. The title Alcalde, or Alcaldessa is the Span-ish word for Mayor. During the Spanish colo-nial period in California, the Alcalde was the primary civil authority. Today in the City of Sonoma, it is an honorary title and the con-temporary Alcalde or Alcaldessa presides over ceremonial events for the city. Alcaldes and Alcaldessas are nominated by the community and are representative of individuals with a long record of volunteer work. By volunteering their time to protect the beautiful land for our community now and in the future, Ted and Pat Eliot have more than earned the titles of Al-calde and Alcaldessa. Mr. Eliot has held an advisory role with Sonoma County’s Agricultural Preservation and Open Space District and was a leader in its formation and reauthorization. This district permanently protects the diverse agricultural, natural resource, and scenic open space lands for future generations. Mr. Eliot is known for his calm, even-handed counsel. He has served on the boards of Community Founda-tion Sonoma County, the Todd Trust and the Sonoma Valley Fund, organizations which prioritize and support community ethics and projects. Mrs. Eliot recently passed away. By hon-oring her as Alcaldessa, Sonoma celebrates her life and work to protect the land in our community. She helped to negotiate the pro-tection of 600 acres of land which included the Grandmother Tree, the largest and oldest red-wood tree in our Sonoma Valley. This land has become part of Jack London State Park. Ted and Pat also donated a forever-wild con-servation easement over their property which allowed for the completion of the East Slope Sonoma Mountain Trail. Mr. Speaker, Ted and Pat Eliot’s work was essential to protecting our beautiful land and they are excellent role models for community involvement and action. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor them here today as Sonoma’s Alcalde and Alcaldessa for 2017. f 
CHLOE J. CONEY 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments of a true champion of progress, Chloe J. Coney. She is retiring this month after 10 years of serving as my district director in Tampa. Her invaluable contributions to the Tampa Bay community are an inspiration to us all. Today, I am grateful to recognize her selfless dedication, honor her valuable service to our community and thank her for her daily efforts to serve our neighbors in Tampa. Known as a woman who wears many hats, Mrs. Coney is a leader who serves with a spir-it of love and excellence. When federal courts ordered Hillsborough County to desegregate its school system, even at an early age, Mrs. Coney became a leader. In 1963, she along with a brave few helped to integrate the school district. In turn, Mrs. Coney attended and graduated from Hillsborough High School with honors in 1968. Her determination to lead and serve pushed her to achieve a bachelor’s degree in Sociology/Corrections from Florida A & M University, a master’s degree in Biblical Counseling from Florida Beacon Bible College, and an honorary doctorate from Blessed Hope Bible College in Tampa, Florida. Mrs. Coney’s passion to lead and serve has followed her throughout her professional and personal career. In 1972, Mrs. Coney began her career as the first Black female Probation and Parole Officer in Hillsborough County. She would then continue as a pathbreaker by becoming Intake Counselor/Mediator with the 13th Judicial Circuit Court of Hillsborough County and Marketing Representative for Flor-ida Power in Clearwater, Fla. She left the pri-vate sector in her calling to serve families, seniors and students as the Center Manager of the Lee Davis Neighborhood Service Cen-ter, leading the way for it to become a One Stop Social and Medical Center in Hillsborough County. She utilized her role as Center Manager to restore pride, ownership, and community in Tampa’s Eastside neighbor-hoods. Mrs. Coney established the East Tampa Community School partnership and the Back to School Kick-off Fair. Mrs. Coney’s passion inspired her to found the Corporation to Develop Communities of Tampa (CDC) in 1992 and become its first President/CEO, fo-cusing on economic development. The CDC of Tampa’s Nehemiah Project Community Build-ing Brick by Brick has since expanded its stra-tegic initiatives to provide job training, promote entrepreneurship and develop youth leader-ship programs, revitalizing commercial areas and build affordable housing. In 2006, Mrs. Coney retired as the President of the CDC of Tampa to become a candidate for the local office. While she missed out on the opportunity to serve as Hillsborough Coun-ty Commission, District 3, she found a new way to lead and serve the community as my District Director. In this capacity, she has ad-dressed an array of constituent concerns, so-licited citizen input, and performed community outreach activities, such as foreclosure pre-vention workshops during the economic down-turn to help families stay in their homes and job fairs during the economic recovery to con-nect neighbors with local jobs. As District Di-rector, Chloe Coney, will retire after serving the Tampa Bay community for more than 40 years, improving entire communities, leveraging economic impact and touching the lives of everyone she meets. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of the Tampa Bay community, I am proud to honor Mrs. Chloe J. Coney. We will miss her wisdom and experience, but most of all we will miss the encouragement she has been to us all. As Chloe would say ‘‘Teamwork Makes the Dream Work,’’ and I am proud that she has been part of my team and, importantly, my friend, helping so many of our neighbors achieve their dreams. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NOMINEES FOR THE 2016–2017 TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR PRINCE WIL-LIAM COUNTY SCHOOLS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the nominees for 2016–2017 Teacher of the Year Award for Prince William County Public Schools. The Teacher of the Year Award recognizes excellence in teaching, to encourage creative and quality instruction, and to contribute in a substantive way to the improvement of education in Prince William County Public School System. The Prince William County Public School System was established in 1869 and was originally managed by individual magisterial districts until the Prince William County School Board was founded in 1923. Today, there are more than 90,000 students in 97 schools with-in the Prince William County School Division– 59 elementary schools, 16 middle schools, 12 high schools, one Governor’s school, three special education schools, two nontraditional schools, two traditional schools, one special education school, and one K–8 school—mak-ing it the second largest school division in the Commonwealth of Virginia. In Prince William County Schools, each grade level of course study is grounded in a purposefully designed plan that frameworks the knowledge and skills that will be developed during the school year. The winner selected will be named the Prince William County Teacher of the Year. Teachers who meet the criteria for the award are those who instill in students a desire to learn and achieve, understand the individual needs of students, and demonstrate a thor-ough knowledge of subject matter and have the ability to share it effectively with students. I would like to extend my personal congratu-lations to the following 2016–2017 Prince Wil-liam County nominees for Teacher of the Year Award: 
Charles Aracich—T. Clay Wood Elemen-tary School Donna Atkins—Neabsco Elementary School Larry Baker—Gar-Field High School Jennifer Brown—Graham Park Middle School 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.004 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE235 February 27, 2017 
Meredith Brewbaker—Buckland Mills Ele-mentary School Jonathan Bukva—Reagan Middle School Carlos Castro—Woodbridge High School Maria Centini—Hylton High School Scott Cloud—Reagan Middle School Cynthia Cole—Marshall Elementary School Anna Collins-Walker—T. Clay Wood Ele-mentary School Karen Dominick—Loch Lomond Elemen-tary School Carla Drew—Osbourn Park High School Carolyn English—Ashland Elementary School Corey Finn—Patriot High School Jennifer Fisher—Alvey Elementary School Donna Garzione—Loch Lomond Elemen-tary School Lisa Keen—Ashland Elementary School Rebecca Kronthal—King Elementary School Cesar Maisonet—Gainesville Middle School Tiffany McLeod—Enterprise Elementary School Elizabeth Paiz—T. Clay Wood Elementary School Linda Poole—Ashland Elementary School Kristen Putman—T. Clay Wood Elemen-tary School Eileen Rakshys—Bennett Elementary School Holley Scheffel—Potomac High School Natallia Shamshyna—Forest Park High School Deborah Tekampe—Alvey Elementary School Nick Thompson—Osbourn Park High School Cynthia Treichler—Hylton High School Sarah Willey—Henderson Elementary School Elizabeth Williams—Battlefield High School 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the nominees for 2016– 2017 Teacher of the Year Award in Prince William County and in thanking them for their dedication to our children. Their continued service will ensure that Prince William County students receive world-class education in a more vibrant learning community. 
f 
DENNY AND CAROLL YULE RE-CEIVE PRESIDENT’S AWARD FROM THE VVC FOUNDATION 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the outstanding service of Denny and Caroll Yule who will be presented the Presi-dent’s Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation on February 25, 2017. Dennis and Carol were nominated for this award for their collaborative impact and con-tributions to Victor Valley College education and the Victor Valley Community. Dennis and Caroll have sponsored numerous college scholarships that have enabled students, who otherwise could not afford a degree, to pursue higher education. Without such generous do-nations from the Yules to the college founda-tion, some VVC students would not have re-ceived their associate degrees. Besides their monetary donations, Caroll has volunteered many hours of personal time to guest lecture at Victor Valley College. As described by Vic-tor Valley College Foundation President, the Yules are ‘‘irreplaceable members of our com-munity.’’ On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to thank Denny and Caroll Yule for their tireless work and dedication to the students of the Victor Valley. I congratu-late the Yules on receiving the President’s Award from the Victor Valley College Founda-tion. f 
HONORING THE NAPA OPEN SPACE DISTRICT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Napa Open Space District which is celebrating its 10th Anniver-sary. This special District has played a vital role in conversation and recreation in our com-munity for the past decade and will continue to protect open spaces for future generations. Napa County residents voted to establish the Napa County Regional Park and Open Space District in November 2006 with the goal to preserve wildlife habitat and nature areas. The District does so by conserving open space and creating recreation opportunities in-cluding a system of public parks, trails, out-door recreational facilities for Napa County residents. The District has had incredible success dur-ing its first decade of operation. It has pre-served over 5000 acres of open space and parks and maintains over 100 miles of multiuse trails in our community. Community education programs are a major priority for the District, and it runs outdoor science and con-servation education programs to reach people of all ages. The District has also facilitated and funded outdoor field trips for thousands of Napa County children, allowing them the op-portunity to experience and learn about their local environment. The parks and recreation opportunities pro-vided by the Napa Open Space District have been tremendously successful and popular. The District’s work enhances current Napans’ quality of life and also ensures that future gen-erations have the ability to experience the out-doors. Through its work, the District fosters a greater sense of community and pride within our Napa Valley. Mr. Speaker, the Napa Open Space District conserves our natural resources and provides residents with magnificent open spaces and an enhanced quality of life. Therefore, it is fit-ting and proper that we honor Napa Open Space District here today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NOMINEES FOR THE 2016–2017 PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR PRINCE WIL-LIAM COUNTY SCHOOLS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the nominees for 2016–2017 Principal of the Year Award for Prince William County Public Schools. The winner will be named the Prince William County Principal of the Year. Principals who meet the criteria for the award are those who manage effectively, demonstrate and encour-age creativity and innovation, foster coopera-tion between the school and community by maintaining a continuous dialogue with stu-dents, parents, faculty, and staff, demonstrate leadership, and exemplify commitment. The Prince William County Public School System was established in 1869 and was originally managed by individual magisterial districts until the Prince William County School Board was founded in 1923. Today, there are more than 90,000 students in 97 schools with-in the Prince William County School Division— 59 elementary schools, 16 middle schools, 12 high schools, one Governor’s school, three special education schools, two nontraditional schools, two traditional schools, one special education school, and one K–8 school—mak-ing it the second largest school division in the Commonwealth of Virginia. In Prince William County Schools, each grade level of course study is grounded in a purposefully designed plan that frameworks the knowledge and skills that will be developed during the school year. I would like to extend my personal congratu-lations to the following 2016–2017 Prince Wil-liam County nominees for Principal of the Year Award: Connie Balkcom—Buckland Mills Elemen-tary School Neil Beech—Osbourn Park High School Mark Boyd—Vaughan Elementary School Marlene Coleman—Dumfries Elementary School Susan Danielson—Rosa Parks Elementary School Jodi Pankowski—PACE East School Nathaniel Provencio—Minnieville Elemen-tary School Barry Rosenberg—Swans Creek Elemen-tary School 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the nominees for 2016– 2017 Principal of the Year Award in Prince William County and in thanking them for their dedication to leadership in our school system. Their continued service will ensure our Prince William County students are provided with a world-class education in a more vibrant learn-ing community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROY JOHNSTON THE WINNINGEST BOYS BASKETBALL COACH IN MICHIGAN HIGH SCHOOL HISTORY 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Roy Johnston, the Head Coach of Beaverton High School and the winningest boys basketball coach in Michigan high school history with 729 wins and count-ing. Born in his grandparents’ farmhouse near the Lake Huron shores, Roy Johnston never forgot his Michigan roots as he moved up the ranks to the title he holds today. Roy was raised in the Croswell-Lexington area of Michi-gan and received honorable mention All-State as a guard at his high school. After graduating from Eastern Michigan University with a de-gree in teaching, Roy’s passion for guiding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.005 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE236 February 27, 2017 
youth through education and athletics contin-ued. He went on to become the basketball coach at Yale in 1966 before moving to How-ell, where he spent two years honing his skills. When starting his career in Beaverton, Roy became a 5th Grade teacher and spent four seasons as the Junior Varsity Coach. After stepping into the Varsity role, the Beaverton Beavers secured their first district title in two decades and went on to become regional champions. With his record of success and passion for students, Roy set a new example of success in the community. Roy has been especially vital to Michigan’s Fourth District, helping many see how comradery and teamwork play a vital role in rallying a community together for a common cause. Now, with a record league winning streak, the Beaverton Beavers are riding high on theft accomplishments. It’s only fitting for Roy to hold this title after his induction into the Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame nearly two decades ago. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Roy Johnston for his achievement in be-coming the winningest boys basketball coach in Michigan high school history and his lifetime commitment to the people of Beaverton. 
f 
SALUTING THE HEROIC ACTS OF THE MEMBERS OF THE PALM BAY POLICE DEPARTMENT, PALM BAY, FL 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, on March 7th the City of Palm Bay will recognize the courage and bravery of the City’s law enforcement offi-cers and civilians during their Annual Valor Awards Ceremony to be held at the Front Street Civic Center located in Melbourne, FL. Over two-hundred Law Enforcement Officials and Civilian Employees make up The City of Palm Bay’s Police Department. The 160 Sworn Officers, and all the men and women that make up the Palm Bay Police Department lay down their lives on a daily basis as peacekeepers, maintaining law and order for the protection and enhancement of our community. Their motto of Connect, Serve, and Impact speaks of officers con-necting with the community as they serve with pride to provide a positive impact to its citi-zens. Their selfless actions are right and noble, and help keep our community safe. The Palm Bay Police Department obtained its State of Florida Law Enforcement Accredi-tation status on October 31, 2007 from the Commission for Florida Law Enforcement Ac-creditation, Inc. and has successfully achieved reaccreditation over the last nine years. I am honored to show my support for the law enforcement personnel of the Palm Bay Police Department and their heroic acts. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing their sacrifices and the sacrifices of their families. Among those to be recognized are the Medal of Valor Recipients: Officer of the Year Thom-as Ribnicky, Officer Reed Caswell, Officer David Morales, and Officer Millan Valdes. Ci-vilian of the Year Recipient, Crystal Baker. The Distinguished Service Award Recipi-ents: Officers Jason McCoy, Samantha Missale, Neal Valenti, Robert Vickers, Cas-sandra Woronka. Officers and Civilian Recipients of the Life Saving Award: Steve Shytle, Ryan Van Note (2x), Sean Dutill, Robert Vickers, Cassandra Woronka, Jon Anthony, Brian Miller. Officers & Civilian Recipients of the Meri-torious Service Award: Roy Lavanture, Thom-as Ribnicky, Cliff Graves, Sean Pindar, Millan Valdes, Parker Farmer, Nicholas Szczepanski, Rebecca Tillett, Ken Shedrick, Lewis Jones, Michael Pusatere, Ron Lugo, Shane Mertens, Christopher Snedeker, Tyler Fooks, Mark Trammel, Kimberley Waters, Edwin Lutz, Tim Lancaster, Dawn Strickland, Jessica Hinchman, Rebecca Wolfe, Phillip Clendenin, Natasha Hauber, Bridget Sander. Community Service Award: Greg Leonard (2x), Kyle Schuck, Alcine Phan-Pennington (2x), Scott Eakins (2x), Shane Mertens, Chris-topher Snedeker (2x), Richard Marion, Joseph Hamilton, Tim Landers, Carlos Valentin, Aaron Yuergens, William Pennington, Bailey Sullivan, Ryan Austin, Bryan Cammarta. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2017 TYSONS REGIONAL CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Tysons Regional Chamber of Com-merce and to congratulate the incoming 2017 board members. Tysons has drastically trans-formed during the past 55 years from a sleepy, rural area to one of the most vibrant regions in the country. This change began when the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors approved plans for the Tysons Corner Shop-ping Center in 1962. When the mall opened in 1968, it was hailed as the largest enclosed mall in the world. Since then, there has been a dramatic influx of technology companies, government con-tracting firms, and other corporations. Tysons has become the premier business district of the Washington Metropolitan Area and is one of the largest employment center in the United States. With the opening of Metro’s Silver Line and ongoing redevelopment, the region is ex-pected to continue adding not only businesses but also high-density residential housing. The mission of the Tysons Regional Cham-ber of Commerce is to be the unified voice of the business community while ensuring that its ties and commitment to the community are strengthened. The Chamber actively promotes local non-profits and community organizations as well as youth educational programs, and it sponsors multiple events each year in support of these activities. The growth of the Chamber has been the result of the diversity of its members and the leadership of its Board. I am pleased to in-clude in the R
ECORD the names of the incom-ing 2017 Board Members: 
2016 Chairman of the Board: Lori Lopez 2017 Chairman of the Board: Peg McDermott General Counsel: William P. Daly, Jr. VP of Finance: David MacGillivray Treasurer: Shania Kapoor VP of Membership: Josh Brady VP of Marketing: Virginia Case At-Large Members: Mark Rogoff, Kathy Jensen, Maureen Loftus, Gian Cocomello, Peter Wynne, Jeffrey Krashin, Jonathan LaCroix, Dalia Palchik, Matt Evans, Jerry Ferguson, Kathleen A. Kelly, Sopa Keo, Shir-ley Luu, Cory Scott, and Pat Whalen. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the incoming board mem-bers and in commending the Tysons Regional Chamber of Commerce for its commitment to promoting the business community while en-couraging social responsibility and civic en-gagement. I wish the Chamber the very best for its continued growth and success. 
f 
MIKE PODEGRACZ RECEIVES DIS-TINGUISHED SERVICE-COMMU-NITY SERVICE AWARD FROM THE VVC FOUNDATION 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the outstanding service of Mike Podegracz who will be presented the Distin-guished Service-Community Service Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation on February 25, 2017. Mike Podegracz was nominated for this award for his countless hours of service and civic engagement within the community of Hesperia and throughout Victor Valley. Mike has devoted 15 years to the economic and urban development of Hesperia. As city man-ager, Mike developed numerous necessary developments including the community’s finest park and recreation center, city council facility, and police station. In addition to Mike’s work as former city manager, he continues to con-tribute to various charities and non-profit groups such as: Hesperia’s Relay for Life, Community Cleanup Day, and the Water Con-servation Booth at the Hesperia Days Celebra-tion. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to thank Mike Podegracz for his tireless work and dedication to the High Desert Community. I congratulate Mike Podegracz on receiving the Distinguished Service-Community Service Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation. 
f 
ALTON MAURICE WHITE 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of one of Tampa Bay’s true trailblazer, Alton Maurice White, during Black History Month. He has dedicated himself to improving the lives of others through public service and education. Today, I am grateful to recognize his selfless dedica-tion and honor his valuable service to our community. Mr. White chose early on into his impressive career to dedicate himself to service his com-munity. Receiving an athletic scholarship to at-tend Florida A&M University, Mr. White was active both on and off the field. As a brother 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.012 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE237 February 27, 2017 
of the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. and a student-leader in the early 1960s, Mr. White embarked on civil rights demonstrations against segregation. After receiving a Bachelor in Education, Mr. White became a teacher and coach at Mercer University in Georgia then in the Hillsborough County Public School system. In 1967, he began his career in government service with the Federal Model Cities Program. Through bi-partisan networking with political leaders in Washington, D.C., Mr. White brought millions of Model Cities dollars to Tampa to help end poverty and improve the lives of the city’s resi-dents. A pioneer of firsts, in 1968 Mr. White be-came the first African American appointed to the Florida Educational Television and Radio Advisory Board, which he later chaired. Only a year later in 1969, Mr. White expanded his ex-pertise to include the first African American appointed to the Florida State Medical Advi-sory Board. In 1974, Mr. White was the first African American to run for Mayor of the City of Tampa. That same year, Mr. White overcame considerable oppositions to help build the Ybor City campus of Hillsborough Community College, serving as a trustee for Hillsborough Community College and eventually chairing the board. Mr. White has served the Tampa Bay com-munity in countless ways, including as the Ex-ecutive Director and Insurance Executive of the Tampa Housing Authority. Under Mr. White’s leadership, the Tampa Bay community has received millions of dollars to aid public work and created hundreds of jobs. Mr. White is a beloved friend and a role model to many. Mr. White continues to give back through counseling hundreds of young aspiring business and community leaders. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Tampa Bay commu-nity, I am proud to recognize Alton Maurice White for his lifelong exemplary service in im-proving the lives of others. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2017 GREENSPRING PRESIDENT’S VOLUNTEER SERVICE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Greenspring Retirement Community of Springfield, Virginia as they host their annual President’s Volunteer Serv-ice Awards reception. I have had the pleasure of visiting Greenspring on many occasions and am continually impressed by the commu-nity spirit displayed there. The 2017 President’s Volunteer Service Awards will honor more than 200 volunteers from the Greenspring community as well as the greater Springfield area with the Bronze, Silver and Gold Awards for Volunteer Service. In addition, three members of the Greenspring community are being honored with the Life-time Service Award, having compiled more than 4,000 hours of community service during their time at Greenspring. In 2016, more than 750 volunteers contributed in excess of 140,000 hours to Greenspring as well as the surrounding community. That averages to nearly 200 hours per volunteer—an amazing display of dedication and commitment to our neighbors and district. Greenspring residents volunteer their time in a variety of ways including teaching English to staff who are not native speakers as part of an award-winning ESL program, mentoring local elementary school students and preparing thousands of weekend food bags for distribu-tion by organizations such as Food for Others to ensure that local children and families do not go hungry. Volunteers from the surrounding community also provide a large number of different serv-ices to Greenspring residents, such as visiting with residents, playing cards or board games and escorting residents to and from activities. The selfless participation of these individ-uals in volunteer activities enriches the lives of those around them and is truly worthy of our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating all of the 2017 award recipi-ents and in thanking them for their exemplary service to our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO JON LYNCH THE OUT-GOING MIDLAND CITY MANAGER AND INCOMING PRESIDENT OF THREE RIVERS CORPORATION 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Jon Lynch, the Midland City Manager, for his sixteen-plus years of service to the city of Midland as he takes on a new role as President of the Three Rivers Corpora-tion. Beginning his work with the city in 2000, it was not long before Mr. Lynch rose up the ranks becoming the city’s chief executive six years later. His work in Midland is most nota-ble with the creation of the Citizen’s Academy, which established a medium for residents to learn more about their government. Mr. Lynch also was at the helm during a tumultuous state level tax appeal process where Midland was able to continue city services facing a cut in their general fund. Mr. Lynch’s ability to pre-serve Midland’s service abilities with chal-lenging budgets and nominal millage in-creases year after year is a true demonstra-tion of his capability and talent. Mr. Lynch’s administrative knowledge and strong skill set, as well as his long and suc-cessful history, proves his ability. His work in the community, creating and facilitating an open dialogue will only continue with the Three Rivers Corporation. On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Jon Lynch for his illustrious career and in-volvement in the Midland community that has positively influenced the careers and lives of countless individuals. RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF LAKE ANNE ELEMEN-TARY SCHOOL HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lake Anne Elementary School on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. The first public school in the Reston neighborhood of Fairfax County, Lake Anne Elementary stands as a symbol of this region’s commitment to ex-cellent public education. As a former member and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, I know firsthand that the quality of life in our commu-nities is tied directly to the priority with which we afford education. Throughout its fifty-year history, Lake Anne has represented a diverse community. As of today, its student body rep-resents 70 countries and speaks 38 different languages. I have consistently said that the di-versity of our community is one of our greatest strengths and I am glad to see Lake Anne continuing this tradition. In addition to enriching our community through diversity, Lake Anne also enriches its student body through a number of extra-curricular programs, including Spanish Immer-sion, ESOL, Special Ed, Advanced Aca-demics, HeadStart services, Young Scholars, Artist in Residence, Eco School, Grace Art, Mentor Works and Partners in Print programs. By exposing their students to these types of programs earlier in their academic careers, Lake Anne Elementary helps lay the ground-work not only for future academic success, but greater economic opportunities as well. Of course, none of this would be possible without the tireless dedication of the faculty, staff and volunteers of Lake Ann Elementary. I have always said that public service is among the most noble of callings and this sentiment certainly is true of the men and women who dedicate their lives to educating our future generations. Mr. Speaker, much has changed in the world over the last fifty years, but the mission of Lake Anne Elementary School and our Fair-fax County Public School system as a whole has not, and indeed it is more important than ever. As the world changes around us, we need to ensure that today’s students are equipped with the knowledge and tools they will need in this increasingly globalized and technical world. I congratulate Lake Anne Ele-mentary School on the occasion of its 50th Anniversary and thank the faculty, staff, volun-teers and parents for their immeasurable con-tributions to our greatest resource, our chil-dren. I wish you continued success in all of your future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING RON M CDANIEL 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Ron McDaniel, CEO of Cali-fornia Credit Union and a leader in the credit union system who is retiring next month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.015 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE238 February 27, 2017 
Ron’s credit union career includes 23 years in senior management at Point Mugu Federal Credit Union (now Premier America CU) in Ventura, 19 of those as president and CEO. Since 2004, he has served as CEO of Cali-fornia Credit Union. Ron has been a leader amongst his peers. He has served on the Credit Union National Association (CUNA) Board of Directors and its Governmental Affairs Committee. He has also served on the California Credit Union League Board of Directors, where he served as board chairman and chairman of the Government Relations Committee. In these roles he helped shape the policy agenda for credit unions in Sacramento and Washington, D.C. and was called upon to testify on behalf of credit unions before the California Senate and Assembly. In the days before credit unions were al-lowed to provide checking accounts, Ron par-ticipated in the National Credit Union Adminis-tration’s (NCUA) pilot share draft program, which created the first checking accounts for credit union members. In 1979, Congress au-thorized credit unions to experiment with share drafts for a three-month period. Shortly after the successful pilot program began, the Amer-ican Bankers Association sued NCUA arguing that it was illegal for credit unions to provide something that was so similar to a checking account. In 1978, a district court ruled that under the Federal Credit Union Act, the NCUA could authorize credit unions to offer share drafts. This new program became an instant success among credit union members. From 1980 through 1982, Ron was part of the California Credit Union League’s ATM Task Force. At the time, most credit unions did not have an ATM. Ron was part of the steering committee that developed the idea of creating a nationwide ATM network for credit unions, which ultimately led to the formation of the CO–OP Financial Services system and later into shared branching. Ron was actively involved in developing the corporate structure for CO–OP and helped shepherd the idea through its first turbulent (and unprofitable) years. During the mid-1990s, the banking industry coordinated an attack on the community char-ter model of service for credit unions. At the time, Ron was CEO of Point Mugu Federal Credit Union. When the Navy dramatically re-duced its operations at Point Mugu, the credit union’s existence was threatened. Through Ron’s leadership, Point Mugu decided to ex-pand and become more of a community char-ter credit union to serve the needs of con-sumers throughout Ventura County. When the NCUA approved this expansion, the banking industry sued the NCUA. This lawsuit, along with a similar lawsuit filed by banks against the NCUA and AT&T Family Federal Credit Union, culminated in a Supreme Court deci-sion that would have drastically limited con-sumer access to credit unions. Ron worked tirelessly with the California League, CUNA, and the NCUA to develop a legislative solution. He was active in public and private advocacy on behalf of credit unions that relied on the existence of a robust community charter model. Ultimately, the ef-forts of Ron and others resulted in the enact-ment of the Credit Union Membership Access Act of 1998. It is not an exaggeration to say that this single piece of legislation saved the community charter model and has provided access to credit union services for millions of consumers and allowed hundreds of credit unions to thrive throughout the country. For his accomplishments and contributions to the credit union system, Ron received the League’s Distinguished Service Award in 1999. For his advocacy efforts throughout the years, he received the League’s Advocacy Lifetime Award in 2016. In his community, Ron served for several years on the board of Cal Lutheran Univer-sity’s Alumni Association including one term as president. He also served on the Univer-sity’s Board of Regents, where his responsibil-ities included assignments on the Administra-tion and Finance Committee; the Investment Committee that oversees the University’s en-dowment; and on the Audit Committee. He was chairman of the Credit Unions for Kids Advisory Board for Children’s Hospital Los An-geles. Ron is an excellent ambassador for the credit union movement. I have enjoyed my many conversations with Ron over the years about how credit unions can better serve indi-viduals and small businesses. I am pleased to join my friends and constituents in the credit union system in congratulating Ron McDaniel on his years of service and dedication to America’s credit unions. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, on February 27 through March 2, 2017, circumstances beyond my control necessitated my absence from the House and I, therefore, am requesting a leave of absence. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUAN ORTIZ’ PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Juan Ortiz, who is leaving the City of Fort Worth after 18 years of service to assume a new position with the City of Austin. After graduating from the University of North Texas with a degree in Emergency Administration and Disaster Planning, he began his career as a Fort Worth Emergency Management Officer. After four years, he was hired as Emergency Management Coordinator with the City of Cor-pus Christi. Ortiz returned to Fort Worth in 2003 as Emergency Management Coordinator where he coordinates and supervises emer-gency management and homeland security operations during natural or man-made emer-gencies and disasters. One of his primary du-ties is overseeing a joint city and county Emergency Operations Center (EOC). He co-ordinated EOC operations in response to mul-tiple natural disasters and large scale public events including Huricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, 2011’s record setting winter storm and Super Bowl XLV. In addition to EOC oper-ations, Mr. Ortiz coordinated all of the City of Fort Worth’s operations in response to Hurri-canes Gustav and Ike in 2008. In his position, Mr. Ortiz has demonstrated a level of professionalism and expertise in emergency management that he has gra-ciously shared with colleagues across the State of Texas and nationally. In 2001, he was recognized by the University of North Texas as a distinguished alumni for his contributions to the emergency management profession. Mr. Ortiz also faithfully served his country for 28 years in the U.S. Coast Guard Reserves, retir-ing in 2015 as a Chief Petty Officer. Mr. Ortiz has served on several committees and advisory groups including the National Academy of Science Earth and Life Studies Disaster Roundtable, National Research Council’s Committee on Disaster Research in the Social Sciences, Center for Biosecurity of UPMC Nuclear Resilience Expert Advisory Group, the North Central Texas Council of Government Regional Emergency Prepared-ness Advisory Committee, the Dallas/Fort Worth/Arlington Urban Area Security Initiative, Texas Coastal Advisory Team, and as Co- Chair of the Dallas-Fort Worth Collaborative Adaptive Sensing of the Atmosphere Radar Test Bed. He served as Chair of the Tarrant County Local Emergency Planning Committee for the last 6 years. He currently serves as a member of the State of Texas Emergency Management Performance Grant Steering Committee and as chair of the State of Texas Evacuation Transportation Network Working Group. I would like to express my appreciation to Juan Ortiz for his many years of exemplary public service and extend best wishes as he begins a new chapter in his profession. f 
TRIBUTE TO ALL-TIME SCORING LEADER FOR MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY WOMEN’S BASKET-BALL TORI JANKOSKA 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, today, I, along with Representative B
ISHOP pay tribute to Tori Jankoska, the all-time scoring leader for Michigan State University Women’s Bas-ketball. Tori was born and raised in Freeland, where she grew up with a passion for competition. As a young girl, Tori was unable to compete with her peers. She grew up with asthma and other illnesses that kept her from playing with the other kids. Through her own persever-ance, she was able to play with her siblings and her passion for sports started to grow. As a student at Freeland High School, Tori raised the bar for her own team and her competitors. It wasn’t long before her talent was noticed by the coaches at MSU. When starting her basketball career at MSU, Tori knew that was where she wanted to be. She also knew that she had a chance to do something great. Regarded by her coaches as having the highest basketball IQ on the court, Tori has proven her acumen time and again. Now, as the all-time point leader for MSU, she has written her own legacy into the record book as one of the best college women’s bas-ketball players of all time. Tori has overcome obstacles and excelled at the highest level of competition. On behalf 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27FE8.010 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE239 February 27, 2017 
of the Fourth & Eighth Congressional Districts of Michigan, we are honored today to recog-nize Tori Jankoska for her lifetime of work on and off the court and wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
MICHELLE ESTRADA RECEIVES DISTINGUISHED SERVICE-EDU-CATION AWARD FROM THE VVC FOUNDATION 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the outstanding service of Michelle Estrada who will be presented the Distin-guished Service-Education Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation on February 25, 2017. Michelle Estrada was nominated for this award because of her dedication to her stu-dents and staff at Hesperia High School. Ms. Estrada provides a one of a kind Early College Academy that allows students to receive col-lege credit while attending Hesperia High School. The Early College Academy provides students with technical skills that enable them to become specialists before they graduate. Ms. Estrada is passionate about helping stu-dents who lack the support to succeed and is a pillar at Hesperia High School for students to strive towards success. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to thank Michelle Estrada for her tireless work and dedication to the stu-dents of Victor Valley. I congratulate Michelle Estrada on receiving the Distinguished Serv-ice-Education Award from the Victor Valley College Foundation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 26TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT’S LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our heroes in blue who serve and pro-tect the North Texas community. The exem-plary members of our law enforcement put their lives on the line daily to ensure the safety of our citizens and deserve all of the respect and honor that our nation has to offer. With 135 law enforcement officers lost in 2016 alone, the sacrifices made by these self-less men and women to ensure our safety are more apparent now than ever before. These tragic losses were felt even closer to home when five officers were lost in Dallas just six months ago. I want to express my sincerest gratitude to Police Chiefs Reim, Tackett, Bruce, Wilson, Hargis, Carolla, Kerbow, Perdue, Kowalski, Amyx, Coulon, Watson, Sadler, Johnson, Rey-nolds, Pauley, Payne, Harrison, Henley, Brooks, Edland, Genova, Howell, Blount, Walthall, Patrick, Fitzgerald, Fowler and Kancel; to Denton County Constable Hammons, Truitt, Raburn, Burch and Boydston; and Tarrant County Sheriff Bill Waybourn and Denton County Sheriff Tracy Murphee. The leadership exhibited by these law en-forcement officers and their service to the 26th District of Texas is invaluable and it is my privilege to recognize such an outstanding group. f 
REV. PATRICIA BRUGER 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of Rev. Patricia Bruger, her contribu-tions to CUMAC and all those in need. Patricia has a Master of Divinity degree with over 25 years of experience in social and civic ministries. She is an ordained Elder of The United Methodist Church, a certified Mentor for the Board of Ordained Ministry, a certified counselor for the Clergy Partnership on Do-mestic Violence, and a member of the Bishop’s Task Force on Urban Minorities. Prior to attending seminary and coming to CUMAC, Patricia worked for the Girl Scouts of America and was a public school teacher. She is a committed social servant dedicated to the eradication of hunger and poverty through di-rect source and broad advocacy efforts. She was a founding member of, and remains ac-tive in the Emergency Food Coalition of Pas-saic County (newly operating as a CUMAC program), the NJ statewide Anti-Hunger Coali-tion, and the Paterson Alliance. Pat has been a leading voice for her community, advocating for hunger to be addressed in the state budg-et, as well as rallying support for SNAP bene-fits and Breakfast after the Bell, to feed hungry students so that they can have a proper edu-cation. Patricia has been the Executive Director of CUMAC for over 26 years. She has led the or-ganization through a tremendous period of growth from operating out of an abandoned church to purchasing its own 28,000 square foot facility and from a small food pantry to a multiservice agency serving over 40,000 peo-ple in need every year, providing food assist-ance, disaster relief, job training, supportive housing, and hope to a community facing per-vasive poverty. Patricia’s forward-thinking and leadership abilities has encouraged and inspired staff and volunteers to partake in CUMAC’s mission of taking care of others. She has raised aware-ness about pervasive poverty through this or-ganization, and strives to fulfill the needs of people who do not have the adequate re-sources to function in their daily lives. She has worked closely with other feeding programs throughout Passaic County and northern New Jersey to bring about change in the commu-nity, and to assist in eradicating poverty. Through a lifetime of service and leadership, she has aided, encouraged and inspired many. Her vision and strength have had a pro-found impact on the movement to fight hun-ger, poverty and injustice in Passaic County and beyond. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues, family and friends, all those whose lives she has touched, and me, in recognizing the work of Rev. Patricia Bruger and her strong desire to help those in need across the world. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL JAMES J. KEEFE 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Colonel James J. Keefe on his promotion to the rank of Briga-dier General and his assignment as Assistant Adjutant General for Air at the Massachusetts Air National Guard at the Joint Force Head-quarters at Hansom Air Force Base. He has dedicated his life to the defense of our country and I would like to take the time to express my gratitude to him. Jim Keefe has been a constituent of mine throughout my tenure in Congress as a resi-dent of Northampton and Southampton, Mas-sachusetts. He graduated from Norwich Uni-versity in Vermont and was commissioned into the United States Air Force in 1987. During his time in the active Air Force, Colonel Keefe proved to be an effective F–16 Fighting Falcon pilot and instructor at bases in Florida, Geor-gia, and Washington, DC. In May of 1999, Colonel Keefe returned home and joined the Massachusetts Air National Guard at Barnes Air National Guard Base in Westfield, Massa-chusetts. In the course of his service, Colonel Keefe has flown in over 3400 flying hours, as well as 330 hours of combat in missions Oper-ation Southern Watch, Operation Northern Watch, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Oper-ation Noble Eagle. In addition to his pilot du-ties, Colonel Keefe has served as Flight Com-mander, Squadron Commander, and Vice Commander at the 104th Fighter Wing. Since 2013, he has faithfully served as Wing Com-mander of the 104th, where he is charged with directing over a thousand military and civilian personnel in support of the wing’s mission to defend against any air threat to the homeland. Throughout his career, Colonel Keefe has been recognized many times for outstanding service to this nation. These awards include the Meritorious Service Medal, the Air Force Commendation Medal, Air Force Combat Medal, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon, and the Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal to just name a few. Needless to say, Colonel Keefe has been an asset to the Air Force and the Air National Guard for decades. Mr. Speaker, as Colonel Keefe moves onto the next step in his career and continues to serve the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and his country, I want to thank him for his service. Barnes Air National Guard Base has been the example all Air National Guard bases look to in terms of excellence. That is partly in part to the exemplary leadership that Colonel Keefe has brought to Barnes. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.017 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE240 February 27, 2017 
THERESA A. MANUEL 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of an extraordinary Tampa resident and Olympian, Theresa A. Manuel. While Ms. Manuel competed inter-nationally in track and field, her undying com-mitment to students at home as a teacher and coach may have had an even greater impact on the hearts of my neighbors across the Tampa Bay area. Despite growing up during segregation, The-resa Manuel persevered through adversity to become the first African-American woman from Florida to compete in the Olympic Games. Ms. Manuel was born in 1926 in Port Tampa City, Florida. As a young woman, she was a star basketball player at Middleton High School in Tampa. Ms. Manuel had such a love for basketball that she would often convince neighbors to set up lamps at night so she and her teammates could practice on the outdoor court near Middleton High. She attended the Tuskegee Institute, now Tuskegee University in Alabama, where she was affectionately nicknamed Trick Shot for her skill in basketball and in addition won multiple championships for the Tuskegee Track and Field team. In the summer before her senior year, Ms. Manuel made history by competing as a mem-ber of the U.S. Track and Field team at the 1948 Olympic Games in London. She com-peted in the Olympics at a time when sports were not widely considered open to women, let alone black women. She represented her country with dignity and grace, and upon re-turning home she and her team proudly cele-brated their success with President Harry Tru-man at the White House. After graduating from Tuskegee, Ms. Manuel moved back to Tampa to care for her ailing mother and began her 38-year career as a decorated teacher and coach. She was a legendary coach in Tampa. She led her teams to multiple state championships and was named the best coach in Hillsborough County in 1975, and subsequently the best in the state of Florida in 1976. Ms. Manuel continued to garner countless honors and awards throughout her distin-guished lifetime. Some of those honors in-clude being inducted into the Tuskegee Insti-tute Hall of Fame and City of Tampa Hall of Fame and being named one of the ‘‘100 Dis-tinguished Women of Hillsborough County.’’ Ms. Manuel’s importance to the African American community in Florida and indeed all Floridians transcends even her many accom-plishments in sport. Most importantly, she will always be remembered as a great leader and giant matriarchal figure to the thousands of students whose lives she touched. She was a champion in all facets of life. On November 21st, 2016, Ms. Manuel passed away at the age of 90 in Tampa, Florida. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of the Tampa Bay community, I am proud to honor Ms. Theresa A. Manuel for her lifelong service and inspirational life. TRIBUTE TO JESSE BUNNEY HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jesse Bunney for being named a 2017 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2017 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 680 past busi-ness leaders and growing. Jesse Bunney is a Senior Associate at CBRE/Hubbell Commercial. One of his main goals is to be the leading commercial real es-tate agent in Des Moines. Jesse dedicates his time and abilities to a number of different cen-tral Iowa organizations including: the Cystic Fi-brosis Foundation’s Iowa Corporate Board, Best Buddies Iowa, Meals from the Heartland, and Young Life Des Moines. Above all, his highest priorities include being a husband, fa-ther, and raising his children to be aware of the needs of others. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Jesse in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize him today for utilizing his talents to bet-ter both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jesse on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2017 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE 2020 PLAN 
HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize an innovative effort in my hometown of St. Petersburg, Florida that’s empowering the community and changing lives. Looking for new solutions to the chronic problem of pov-erty in the African American community, and spearheaded by local activist Gypsy Gallardo, a partnership between the Pinellas County Urban League, the City of St. Petersburg, and over 100 grassroots community organizations, known as the 2020 Plan, is already showing results. The goal is simple and direct—reduce pov-erty by 30 percent in the South St. Petersburg community by 2020. The Plan, focused on providing a hand-up, not just a hand-out, is holistic. It connects all aspects of society; gov-ernment, the business community, the non- profit sector, and concerned citizens, focusing on investment in economically distressed areas to generate jobs and revenue, career training and education to reduce barriers to employment, and providing the necessary so-cial services to strengthen the family unit. Since its inception two years ago, the Plan and its partners have raised $2.2 million through a combination of grants, private in-vestment, and donations. If the most recent Census data is indicative, The Plan is having a real impact. In 2015, the poverty rate in this community dropped by 8.5 percent. That’s compared to a 1.7 percent de-cline in Florida and a 1.6 percent decline na-tionally over the same period. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this effort, and couldn’t be more proud of my hometown. The 2020 Plan underscores the power of com-munity coming together to care for each other. It is inspiring, and holds promise as a model for communities across the country. I salute their leadership, and look forward to our work-ing together in the years ahead to reach our goal. f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN CRANE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ryan Crane for being named a 2017 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2017 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 680 past busi-ness leaders and growing. Ryan works with the Community Foundation of Greater Des Moines, where he helped to raise a record-setting $62 million. Outside of work, Ryan is very active within the commu-nity. He volunteers his time at the Des Moines Social Club and the West Des Moines Public Art Advisory Council, works to expand the local chapter of the New Leaders Council, and administers the First Friday Breakfast Club scholarship program. In his free time, you can find him running or cycling on one of the many local trails. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Ryan in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize him today for utilizing his talents to bet-ter both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Ryan on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2017 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.021 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE241 February 27, 2017 
ELWIN MATHEW SELECTED TO REPRESENT TEXAS AT CON-GRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Elwin Mathew of Missouri City, TX, for being chosen to represent Texas as a Delegate at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Elwin is a junior at Elkins High School. He was nominated for this position thanks to his excellent academic record and desire to enter the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field. Through this program he will be able to meet some of the most impor-tant leaders in the STEM industry, including Nobel Prize winners and top scientific univer-sity deans. The Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders is hosted to help mo-tivate the top students in the country to pursue their desired careers in the STEM fields. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Elwin Mathew for being selected as a Dele-gate at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. We are extremely proud and expect great things from him in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNA KNOX 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jenna Knox for being named a 2017 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2017 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 680 past busi-ness leaders and growing. Jenna is the Director of Strategic Partner-ships and Development at Planned Parent-hood of the Heartland, and has been recog-nized, both locally and nationally, as an ac-complished sales and development profes-sional. She is involved in a number of organi-zations, including the Association of Fund-raising Professionals, Lead Like a Lady, Na-tional Philanthropy Day, River Bend Historic Home Tour and the Urban Dreams 2017 cam-paign. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Jenna in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize her today for utilizing her talents to bet-ter both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jenna on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2017 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. f 
SOUTH CAROLINA ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD DEPLOYMENT CEREMONY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, yesterday, I was grateful to attend the de-ployment ceremony for the 742nd Support Maintenance Company of the South Carolina Army National Guard. These remarkable men and women de-parted Eagle Aviation in West Columbia, South Carolina, for training in Texas before heading to Eastern Europe for their yearlong deployment to support our European allies of Poland and Romania. They will participate in Operation Atlantic Resolve, a critical part of our response to Russia’s hostile actions in Ukraine and Georgia to promote peace through strength. As Chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness, but, more impor-tantly, as the father of four sons who have all served overseas, I was deeply grateful for the opportunity to thank the servicemembers and their families for their service and sacrifice. Under the leadership of President Donald Trump, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, and South Carolina’s Adjutant General, Major Gen-eral Bob Livingston, I am confident the 742nd Support Maintenance Company will have the resources and leadership to be successful and accomplish their mission of solidarity with our NATO allies. In conclusion, God bless our troops and we will never forget September 11th in the global War on Terrorism. Godspeed to the 742nd Support Maintenance Company. You will be in our thoughts and prayers. 
f 
REECE KEMP SELECTED TO REP-RESENT TEXAS AT CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECH-NOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Reece Kemp of Katy, TX, for being chosen to represent Texas as a Dele-gate at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Reece is a senior at Cinco Ranch High School. He was nominated for this position thanks to his excellent academic record and desire to enter the Science, Technology, Engi-neering and Math (STEM) field. Through this program, he will be able to meet some of the most important leaders in the STEM industry, including Nobel Prize winners and top sci-entific university deans. The Congress of Fu-ture Science and Technology Leaders is hosted to help motivate the top students in the country to pursue their desired careers in the STEM fields. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Reece Kemp for being selected as a Dele-gate at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. We are extremely proud and expect great things from him in the future. f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEX BRODERICK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 27, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Alex Broderick for being named a 2017 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2017 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 680 past busi-ness leaders and growing. Alex Broderick is a Senior Property Man-ager at Hubbell Realty Company. Outside of work Alex has a real passion for volunteerism and sports. He serves as chair of the City of Waukee Planning and Zoning Commission, and has a goal to expand company-wide vol-unteerism at Hubbell Realty Company. He is also a board member of Courage League Sports, and hopes to see a recreational ath-letic facility in downtown Des Moines some-day. Above all, he maintains his focus on the ‘‘Three F’s’’ of Family, Faith and Friends, as his grandfather Phil taught him. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Alex in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize him today for utilizing his talents to bet-ter both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Alex on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2017 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27FE8.025 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE242 February 27, 2017 
any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-ruary 28, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 1 Time to be announced Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Charles R. Breyer, of Cali-fornia, and Danny C. Reeves, of Ken-tucky, each to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission, S. 419, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and committee rules of proce-dure for the 115th Congress. TBA 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine improving access to infrastructure for commu-nities across the country. SD–106 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the effects of border insecurity and immigration enforcement on American commu-nities. SD–342 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of The American Legion. SD–G50 10:15 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To receive a closed briefing on global counterterrorism. SVC–217 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget Business meeting to consider committee rules of procedure for the 115th Con-gress. SD–608 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine flood con-trol infrastructure, focusing on safety questions raised by current events. SD–406 Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. SD–215 2 p.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States. SD–G50 MARCH 2 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine cyber strat-egy and policy. SH–216 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet To hold hearings to examine the value of spectrum to the U.S. economy. SD–G50 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine Venezuela, focusing on options for U.S. policy. SD–419 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commis-sion. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine the global nuclear weapons environment. SR–222 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine Indian affairs priorities for the Trump Administration. SD–628 MARCH 9 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. SD–G50 MARCH 22 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M27FE8.000 E27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D194 Monday, February 27, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Commerce. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1421–S1455 Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and four reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 443–461, S.J. Res. 24, and S. Res. 68–70.
                        Pages S1447–48 
Measures Passed: Celebrating Black History Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 69, celebrating Black History Month. 
                                                                                            Page S1454 
Washington’s Farewell Address: Senator Sasse per-formed the traditional reading of Washington’s Fare-well Address.
                                                        Pages S1424–28 
Appointments: Senate National Security Working Group: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the provisions of S. Res. 64, adopted on March 5, 2013, appointed the following Senators as mem-bers of the Senate National Security Working Group for the 115th Congress: Senators Feinstein (Demo-cratic Administrative Co-Chairman), Reed (Demo-cratic Co-Chairman), Menendez (Co-Chairman), Dur-bin, Nelson, Cardin, Casey, Heitkamp, and Duckworth.
                                                                   Page S1454 
Joint Session Escort Committee—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Presiding Officer of the Senate be author-ized to appoint a committee on the part of the Sen-ate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber for the joint session to be held at 9 p.m., on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 28, 2017.
                                                           Page S1454 
Zinke Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior.
      Page S1441 During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 67 yeas to 31 nays, 1 responding present (Vote No. 74), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                    Page S1441 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, February 28, 2017; and that all time during Leader remarks, morning business, recess and adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S1454 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 72 yeas to 27 nays (Vote No. EX. 73), Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Commerce. 
                                                                      Pages S1440–41, S1455 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S1445–46 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1446–47 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1448–49 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1449–53 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S1445 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1453 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—74)
                                                           Pages S1440–41 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 28, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S1454–55.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE7.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D195 February 27, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1219–1236; 1 private bill, H.R. 1237; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 151–155 were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H1354–56 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1356–57 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1009, to amend title 44, United States Code, to require the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs to review regula-tions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–19, Part 1); and H. Res. 150, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 998) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 83) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Con-tinuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accu-rate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’ (H. Rept. 115–20).
                                                  Page H1354 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1323 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1323 
American Folklife Center in the Library of Con-gress—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual to the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Cen-ter in the Library of Congress for a term of six years: Ms. Amy Kitchener of Fresno, California.
    Page H1324 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1324 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Ad-justment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Des-ignation Act: H.R. 88, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Ten-nessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Cross-roads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System;
                                                        Pages H1324–26 
Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017: H.R. 228, amended, to amend the Indian Employment, Train-ing and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources;                                   Pages H1326–31 
Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clari-fication Act: H.R. 699, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 100;
                                                             Pages H1331–32, H1337 
Facilitating the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park: H.R. 863, to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 369 yeas to 42 nays, Roll No. 102; and
                                             Pages H1332–34, H1339–40 
Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act: H.R. 1033, to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party.
          Pages H1334–36 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:31 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1336 
Question of Privilege: Representative Pascrell rose to a question of the privileges of the House and sub-mitted a resolution. The Chair ruled that the resolu-tion did not present a question of the privileges of the House. Subsequently, Representative Pascrell ap-pealed the ruling of the chair and Representative McCarthy moved to table the appeal. Agreed to the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 185 noes with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 101.
        Pages H1337–39 
Honoring the life of former Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Robert Henry ‘‘Bob’’ Michel: The House agreed to H. Res. 151, honoring the life of former Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Robert Henry ‘‘Bob’’ Michel.
                                                                    Pages H1341–44 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1324. Senate Referral: S. 442 was referred to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page H1353 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1337, H1339 and H1340. There were no quorum calls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE7.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD196 February 27, 2017 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:49 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SCRUB ACT; HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION DISAPPROVING THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO ‘‘CLARIFICATION OF EMPLOYER’S CONTINUING OBLIGATION TO MAKE AND MAINTAIN AN ACCURATE RECORD OF EACH RECORDABLE INJURY AND ILLNESS’’ Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 998, the ‘‘SCRUB Act’’; H.J. Res. 83, dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Con-tinuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accu-rate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 998. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.J. Res. 83. The rule provides one hour of debate equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Chaffetz and Representa-tives Cartwright, Krishnamoorthi, Byrne, and Court-ney. ASSESSING VA’S RISKS FOR DRUG DIVERSION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘As-sessing VA’s Risks for Drug Diversion’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Clancy, MD, Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Organizational Excellence, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; Nick Dahl, Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Audits and Evaluations, Office of Inspec-tor General, Department of Veterans Affairs; and Randall B. Williamson, Director, Healthcare Team, Government Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine Iraq after Mosul, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine improving outcomes for youth in the juvenile justice sys-tem, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Di-rector of National Intelligence; to be immediately fol-lowed by a closed hearing in SH–219, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Con-servation Policy’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: International Mar-ket Development’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on the Farm Credit Administration, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 1:30 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE7.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D197 February 27, 2017 Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of De-fense Inspector General Report ‘Investigation on Allega-tions Relating to USCENTCOM Intelligence Products’ ’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Providing More Students a Path-way to Success by Strengthening Career and Technical Education’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Ways to Improve and Strengthen the International Anti-Doping System’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on the committee’s views and estimates on the budget for fiscal year 2018; a motion to authorize the release of ex-cerpts, with certain redactions, of the transcript of the deposition of Patrick Pinschmidt, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Issues and Op-portunities in the Western Hemisphere’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Checking China’s Maritime Push’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Counterterrorism: Addressing the Evolving Threat to Domestic Security’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of FEMA: Recommendations of Former Administrators’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on the committee’s budget views and estimates; H.R. 372, the ‘‘Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1215, the ‘‘Protecting Access to Care Act of 2017’’; and H. Res. 111, directing the Attorney General to transmit certain documents to the House of Representa-tives relating to the financial practices of the President, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1009, the ‘‘OIRA Insight, Reform, and Accountability Act’’; and H.R. 1004, the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘At What Cost? Examining the Social Cost of Carbon’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on the Fiscal Year 2018 budget views and estimates of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; H.R. 1214, the ‘‘Disaster Simplified As-sistance Value Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 654, the ‘‘Pacific Northwest Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1174, the ‘‘Fairness for Breast Feeding Mothers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1117, to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a re-port regarding certain plans regarding assistance to appli-cants and grantees during the response to an emergency or disaster; H.R. 375, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions; and possible other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of February 28 through March 3, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior. Following disposition of the nomination of Ryan Zinke, Senate will resume consideration of the nomi-nation of Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, to be followed by the nomination of James Richard Perry, of Texas, to be Secretary of Energy. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: March 1, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to receive a closed briefing on global counterterrorism, 10:15 a.m., SVC–217. March 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine cyber strategy and policy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on the Budget: March 1, business meeting to consider committee rules of procedure for the 115th Con-gress, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 1, to hold hearings to examine improving access to infra-structure for communities across the country, 10 a.m., SD–106. March 2, Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine the value of spectrum to the U.S. economy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 1, to hold hearings to examine flood control infrastructure, fo-cusing on safety questions raised by current events, 10:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: March 1, business meeting to con-sider the nomination of Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE7.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD198 February 27, 2017 Services, Department of Health and Human Services, 10:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: February 28, to hold hearings to examine Iraq after Mosul, 10 a.m., SD–419. March 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine Venezuela, focusing on options for U.S. policy, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: March 1, to hold hearings to examine the effects of bor-der insecurity and immigration enforcement on American communities, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: February 28, to hold hearings to examine improving outcomes for youth in the juvenile justice system, 10 a.m., SD–226. March 1, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Charles R. Breyer, of California, and Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, each to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission, S. 419, to re-quire adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and committee rules of procedure for the 115th Congress, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: February 28, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Dis-abled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. March 1, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SD–G50. March 1, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, 2 p.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: February 28, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SH–219, 2 p.m., SD–106. March 2, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, March 1, Full Committee, markup on the budget views and estimates letter of the Committee on Agriculture for the agencies and programs under the jurisdiction of the Committee for fiscal year 2018, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, March 1, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 9:30 a.m., 2008 Rayburn. March 1, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., 2358–B Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 1, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Warfare in the 21st Century: Threats, Challenges and Opportunities’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 1, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Ground Force Capability and Modernization Challenges in Eastern Europe’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. March 2, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of Military Review Board Agencies’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, March 2, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Long-worth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 1, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Im-prove Health Care Coverage and Provide Lower Costs for Families’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 2, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining FDA’s Generic Drug and Biosimilar User Fee Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, March 1, Full Committee, hearing on Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. A portion of this hearing will be closed. March 2, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Judgement Fund’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, March 1, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Modern-izing Western Water and Power Infrastructure in the 21st Century’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 1, Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy and Environment; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Environmental Barriers to Infrastructure Development’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 1, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘VA: Path to Reform’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 2, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Trans-parency at TSA’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, March 1, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘NIST Cybersecurity Frame-work, Assessment, and Auditing Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, March 1, Full Committee, markup on the committee’s budget views and estimates for Fiscal Year 2018, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. March 2, Subcommittee on Contracting and Work-force, hearing entitled ‘‘Learning from History: Ideas to Strengthen and Modernize the HUBZone Program’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 1, Subcommittee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: State of Amer-ican Airports’’, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, March 2, Full Committee, business meeting on the committee’s views and estimates, HVC–304. This meeting will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: February 28, Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE7.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D199 February 27, 2017 March 1, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of The American Legion, 10 a.m., SD–G50. March 1, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, 2 p.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27FE7.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD200 February 27, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior, post-cloture. (At 8:20 p.m., Senators will gather in the Senate Chamber and proceed as a body to the Hall of the House for a Joint Session to receive an address from President Trump.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 998— Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unneces-sarily Burdensome Act (Subject to a Rule). Joint Session with the Senate to receive an address from the President of the United States. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E238, E239 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E234, E236, E240 Collins, Doug, Ga., E231 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E231, E232, E232, E233, E234, E235, E236, E237, E237 Cook, Paul, Calif., E233, E235, E236, E239 Costa, Jim, Calif., E233 Crist, Charlie, Fla., E240 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E232 Moolenaar, John R., Mich., E235, E237, E238 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E239 Olson, Pete, Tex., E241, E241 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E232, E239 Perry, Scott, Pa., E231 Posey, Bill, Fla., E236 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E238 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E237 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E231 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E234, E235 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E241 Young, David, Iowa, E240, E240, E241, E241 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27FE7.REC D27FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST