Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9139 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2017 No. 185 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 13, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable P
AUL M
ITCHELL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OEof Tennessee) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving and gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Help us this day to draw closer to You, so that with Your Spirit, and aware of Your presence among us, we may all face the tasks of this day. Bless the Members of the people’s House. Help them to think clearly, speak confidently, and act coura-geously in the belief that all noble service is based upon patience, truth, and love. May they be great enough to be hum-ble, and good enough to keep their faith, always regarding public office as a sacred trust. Give them the wisdom and the courage to fail not their fellow citizens, nor You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CONGRATULATING BILL BETHEA ON RECEIVING THE SERGEANT WILLIAM JASPER FREEDOM AWARD (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, congratulations to Bill Bethea, chairman of the South Caro-lina Military Base Task Force, on re-ceiving the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce Sergeant William Jasper Freedom Award this year. Bill and his wife, Paula, are appreciated State lead-ers for families. The Sergeant William Jasper Free-dom Award is named for the Revolu-tionary War patriot and is given to those who have performed outstanding public service and contributions to the freedom of the people of South Caro-lina and our Nation. As chairman of South Carolina’s Military Base Task Force, Chairman Bethea has worked with leaders across the Nation to enhance the value of South Carolina’s military installations and facilities. He has also improved the quality of life for military personnel and their families. As the father of four sons in military service who have served overseas, I am grateful for the leadership of Bill Bethea. This is a well-deserved honor. I look forward to working with him in the future to make sure our men and women in uniform who call South Carolina home are fully appreciated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.000 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9140 November 13, 2017 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 13, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2017, at 12:38 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 324. That the Senate passed S. 886. That the Senate passed S. 906. That the Senate passed S. 1153. That the Senate passed S. 1266. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 4 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1601 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
UCSHON ) at 4 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
MARKET DATA PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3973) to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to require certain entities to develop internal risk con-trol mechanisms to safeguard and gov-ern the storage of market data. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3973 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 4E the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 4F. INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each of the following entities, in consultation with the Chief Economist, shall develop comprehensive in-ternal risk control mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by such entity, all market data sharing agree-ments of such entity, and all academic re-search performed at such entity using mar-ket data: ‘‘(1) The Commission. ‘‘(2) Each national securities association registered pursuant to section 15A. ‘‘(3) The operator of the consolidated audit trail created by a national market system plan approved pursuant to section 242.613 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). ‘‘(b) C
ONSOLIDATED AUDIT TRAIL PROHIB -
ITED FROM ACCEPTING MARKET DATA UNTIL M
ECHANISMS DEVELOPED .—The operator de-scribed in paragraph (3) of subsection (a) may not accept market data (or shall cease accepting market data) until the operator has developed the mechanisms required by such subsection. Any requirement for a per-son to provide market data to the operator shall not apply during any time when the op-erator is prohibited by this subsection from accepting such data. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF PREVIOUSLY DEVELOPED  M
ECHANISMS .—The development of com-prehensive internal risk control mechanisms required by subsection (a) may occur, in whole or in part, before the date of the en-actment of this section, if such development and such mechanisms meet the requirements of such subsection (including consultation with the Chief Economist).’’; and (2) in section 3(a)— (A) by redesignating the second paragraph (80) (relating to funding portals) as para-graph (81); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(82) C
HIEF ECONOMIST .—The term ‘Chief Economist’ means the Director of the Divi-sion of Economic and Risk Analysis, or an employee of the Commission with com-parable authority, as determined by the Commission.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, cybersecurity is critical to consumers, investors, market par-ticipants and, frankly, the very mar-kets themselves. However, in April of 2016, the GAO—the Government Ac-countability Office—identified weak-nesses regarding information security protocols at the Securities and Ex-change Commission, and noted that the SEC’s failure to implement an agency-wide data security program had oc-curred. Once confirmed in May of this year, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton initiated an assessment of the SEC’s internal cy-bersecurity risk profile and their ap-proach to cybersecurity from a regu-latory and oversight perspective. The SEC’s internal assessment found that the agency had inadequate controls and that there were serious cyber and data risks. Unfortunately, in September of this year, Chairman Clayton issued a state-ment on cybersecurity in which he re-vealed that a cyber breach ‘‘previously detected in 2016 may have provided il-licit gain through trading.’’ Specifically, a software vulnerability existed in the test filing component of the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval—also known as the EDGAR system—which resulted in access to nonpublic information. While this breach provided hackers access to highly sensitive material, at the time, the SEC believed ‘‘the intrusion did not result in unauthorized access to per-sonally identifiable information’’—or PII, as we commonly refer to it—there-fore, ‘‘jeopardize the operations of the SEC, or result in a systemic risk.’’ And that was a quote from the SEC’s re-port. However, unfortunately, in a follow- up disclosure shortly after that, Chair-man Clayton revealed that personally identifiable information, including names, birth dates, Social Security numbers, were actually compromised for two individuals in that particular breach. The GAO report and the EDGAR data breach underscore what is now even of greater concern, the sufficiency of risk control mechanisms for the SEC-ap-proved consolidated audit trail, or also known as the CAT system. The CAT will be the most comprehensive reposi-tory of market data we have seen, and it will collect and identify every order, cancellation, and trade execution for all exchange-listed equities and options across all U.S. markets. It will also collect personally identifiable informa-tion beginning 1 year after it begins ac-cepting market data. Thesys Technologies, which was se-lected to be the plan processor for the CAT, is scheduled to begin accepting data from self-regulatory organizations who must provide data to CAT on Wednesday, November 15, just merely days from today. Many of my colleagues, as well as market participants, have voiced con-cerns about the cost of building and implementing such a system and the amount of PII that will be required to be collected by the CAT. Last Congress, several Members wrote to former SEC Chair Mary Jo White expressing serious concerns 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.003 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9141 November 13, 2017 
about the security of such sensitive in-formation held within that CAT sys-tem, as well as those who will have ac-cess to such information. As I mentioned, the deadline for the SROs to begin reporting to this CAT system is just 2 days away. It is para-mount that the SEC has adequate data security controls in place before that implementation. Previously, in committee, I had put it this way: That is a repository of the information of gold. Gold is the equiva-lent of information today. What they are doing is they are putting more gold into that data vault, and we don’t have the security to support it. So while the CAT may be a helpful resource for the SEC, and even the self- regulatory agencies or organizations— SROs—once fully implemented, insuffi-cient data security controls will under-mine confidence in our markets and may very well result in the CAT being counterproductive. Thus, I joined with Financial Serv-ices Committee Chairman H
ENSARLING  in writing Chairman Clayton to ‘‘en-courage the SEC to delay implementa-tion of the CAT system until the SEC can implement information security safeguards and internal controls to en-sure the security of confidential and sensitive data.’’ No assurances for a delay in imple-menting the CAT have been provided, and even if they have, it is appropriate for Congress to set baseline standards to ensure that controls are in place. In other words, Mr. Speaker, we are try-ing to do our job. H.R. 3973, the Market Data Protec-tion Act, introduced by Representa-tives D
AVIDSON and S HERMAN , is nec-essary to ensure that the SEC is prop-erly securing critical data that sup-ports our financial markets as well as the personal information of millions of customers with broker-dealer accounts. Specifically, the bipartisan legisla-tion would mandate that the SEC, FINRA, and the operator of the con-solidated audit trail, in consultation with the SEC’s chief economist, de-velop comprehensive internal risk con-trol mechanisms to safeguard and gov-ern the storage of market data, all market data-sharing agreements, and all academic research using that mar-ket data. The bill also halts market data re-porting to the consolidated audit trail until the operator of the CAT system develops such internal risk control mechanisms that they are deemed sat-isfactory. The EDGAR security breach and the recent massive Equifax data breach— and I might add, Mr. Speaker, we just saw a report of an NSA breach that had just happened, our largest database— well, this would become the second largest database in the country. Those breaches—in which the sen-sitive information of nearly 150 million Americans have been compromised, in the Equifax breach—only underscore the importance of proactively ensuring that any highly sensitive data being collected by the Securities and Ex-change Commission or at the SEC’s discretion, subject to their oversight, is protected with appropriate safe-guards. We owe that to the American people. The importance of cybersecurity at the SEC cannot be overstated. The SEC’s ability to safeguard nonpublic fi-nancial information and other highly sensitive data instills confidence in the markets. SEC Commissioner Michael Piwowar recently commented regarding CAT that ‘‘deadlines are important, but the SEC has one chance to get this right. We have to make sure that we have ev-erything locked down. We can get it done, or we can get it done right. We need to get it done right.’’ I couldn’t agree more with Commis-sioner Piwowar. That is why this legis-lation is so urgently needed. I com-mend the bipartisan work of Rep-resentatives DAVIDSON and S HERMAN , and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this very important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the sponsor of this legislation, the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). It was a pleasure working with him, and I am pleased that he and I introduced this legislation. This legislation deals with a broader issue of cybersecurity. From Equifax to Moscow, worldwide, people are con-cerned with cybersecurity. One par-ticular part of cybersecurity that is important is the SEC’s accumulation of very sensitive data, whether it be about individuals and their trading, or about the overall market. In September, the SEC disclosed that hackers had breached the SEC EDGAR database, which is the home to mil-lions of public and nonpublic filings, and that that breach had occurred in 2016. The breach, which was not discov-ered until August of this year, may have led to some illicit trading activi-ties. This bill requires the SEC to develop and implement cybersecurity risk con-trols to ensure that market data is pro-tected. This will help protect our mar-kets from harmful disruptions and ma-nipulative trading. In addition, this bill requires that FINRA—the Financial Industry Regu-latory Authority—and the operator of the new consolidated audit trail de-velop and implement risk controls to protect the data they store. The new consolidated audit trail system will not accept data until they have the cy-bersecurity risk controls necessary to protect it. Once the CAT, or consolidated audit trail, is operational, it will serve an important purpose in assisting the SEC in identifying issues that deserve in-vestigation. But it will also store a large amount of data, and it is impor-tant that this data be secure. We must ensure that there are proper controls in place. Now, this bill passed our committee by a vote of 59–1 in its present form. There was an effort after the bill passed committee to try to broaden the bill, and it may very well be that other related issues need to be dealt with by this House. But I think we made the right decision in bringing to the floor today the bill that passed our com-mittee 59–1. We should then have hearings and perhaps work on additional legislation that will add to our ability to provide for cybersecurity in this area. I look forward to working with the chairman of the subcommittee, and Mr. DAVID-
SON, and so many others, on additional legislation designed to ensure our cy-bersecurity is as good as it can be, and to make sure that we are not putting information into systems unless we are sure that everything has been done so the systems can protect that informa-tion. Mr. Speaker, I call upon all of our colleagues to support this legislation that had 59–1 support in our com-mittee, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), the sponsor of this legislation and a member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the opportunity to work with Mr. S
HERMAN and the rest of the com-mittee on this bill. It is indeed impres-sive that it was 59–1 in our committee in its present form. It does do some really good things, and I think the message that it really sends is that it is important for our government agen-cy to lead by example. The SEC holds people that they over-see accountable for maintaining cyber-security and protecting personally identifiable information. What we know: on September 20, Chairman Clayton highlighted that they had had a breach of the EDGAR system. This follows on an April 2016 report by the GAO that highlighted some concerns with their cybersecurity program with SEC. The concerning thing is that when Chairman Clayton took over the SEC, he found this so much time afterwards. It wasn’t part of his in-briefing. So there is a real con-cern that there could be some systemic cybersecurity risks there. I think it is great that our com-mittee came together to provide SEC a mandate to get their own house in order in quick fashion, and to do that with not just their existing products, but with products that are on the cusp of launching: notably, the consolidated audit trail. b1615 The consolidated audit trail became the subject of some additional concerns because it is so close to launching. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.007 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9142 November 13, 2017 
What we are trusting here is that Chairman Clayton does the right thing—takes the message from this vote that we are about to take, and then begins to work with our com-mittee to get this cybersecurity risk under control to provide the assurances that the American people want and that the markets need in order to trust that no more data is collected and made vulnerable than is necessary to accomplish the mission, but that what-ever data is made available is secure. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our col-leagues to support the passage of this bill. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Since I have no speak-ers seeking time on my side, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I had said before, when information is the equivalent of modern-day gold, we need to make sure that whatever vaults that information, that gold, is going into are properly protected—properly protected for con-sumers and their personally identifi-able information. We have an obliga-tion, as the government, to make sure that their information is protected as best as possible, and doubly so when it is going into government-run systems. That is the reason why H.R. 3973 is so imperative that it be passed. Mr. Speaker, I again commend my friend from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ) and my friend from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN) on their bipartisan work on that. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3973. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONNECTED GOVERNMENT ACT Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2331) to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2331 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Connected Government Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL WEBSITES REQUIRED TO BE MOBILE FRIENDLY. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 3559. Federal websites required to be mo-bile friendly. ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—If, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this section, an agency creates a website that is intended for use by the public or conducts a redesign of an existing legacy website that is intended for use by the pub-lic, the agency shall ensure to the greatest extent practicable that the website is mobile friendly. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5. ‘‘(2) M
OBILE FRIENDLY .—The term ‘mobile friendly’ means, with respect to a website, that the website is configured in such a way that the website may be navigated, viewed, and accessed on a smartphone, tablet com-puter, or similar mobile device.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections at the begin-ning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item related to section 3558 the following new item: ‘‘3559. Federal websites required to be mobile friendly’’. (c) R
EPORT BY OMB AND GSA R EQUIRED .— Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Administrator of Gen-eral Services, shall make publicly available and submit to Congress a report that— (1) describes the implementation of the re-quirement described under section 3559 of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a); and (2) assesses the compliance of each agency with such requirement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2331, introduced by the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ). The bill requires all Federal agencies to en-sure any Federal Government website intended for use by the public is mobile friendly. Services offered by the Fed-eral Government should be effective but also accessible to the public. Agen-cy websites are one of the most impor-tant tools for taxpayers to observe services and information from the gov-ernment. The U.S. Government runs more than 6,000 websites on over 400 domains. One recent study estimated that approxi-mately 40 percent of government websites either are not accessible or are difficult to access on a phone, yet nearly 80 percent of Americans own a smartphone, and at least 1 in 10 Amer-ican adults rely exclusively on a smartphone for access to the internet, according to a Pew survey. The data clearly points to the utility of making all government websites mobile friend-ly. Another study found that more peo-ple accessed the internet on their mo-bile devices than a desktop computer for the first time last year. It is clear that Federal agencies must emphasize mobile accessibility to effectively serve the American people. The Con-nected Government Act will require agencies to do just that. This bill requires Federal agencies to ensure their websites are mobile friendly during the course of creating new websites or updating existing ones. A mobile-friendly government is a nec-essary step in the modernization of the government’s IT infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleague, the gentlewoman from Illinois, for her work in sponsoring this bill. I am proud also to support this bipartisan legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a blog post regarding this bill written by Congressman P
ALLONE and myself. 
[From the Energy & Commerce Democrats, Sep. 13, 2017] I
T’STIMETOGIVE THE GOVERNMENT AN  U
PGRADE FOR THE MOBILE WORLD  (By Frank Pallone, Jr. and Robin Kelly) In the wake of the natural disasters dev-astating so much of the country, millions of Americans are turning to federal agencies for help—but the government’s websites don’t always make it easy. We’ve introduced legislation in the House that would change that, and it’s moving forward at a time when it can help a lot of Americans who are suf-fering. For people who were forced from their homes or are without power because of hurri-canes, storms or wildfires, their only connec-tion to necessities of survival—food, water, fuel, and shelter—is through their mobile phones. It’s the device they could take with them when they had to flee their homes. But while private websites and charities have de-veloped new mobile websites and apps to help those who are still struggling, many of the essential government websites on which peo-ple depend are essentially unusable on a phone. During any natural disaster, we expect the government to be at its best. But for people whose homes have been flooded, burned out, or leveled, trying to navigate government websites on their phones likely feels like a waste of time. For instance, if you need to start looking for a loan to rebuild your home, good luck trying to use your phone to navigate the website for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. If you need to reach state or local authorities, the prob-lems get worse. And asking people to hunt down a working desktop computer right now is just unreasonable. Although these natural disasters are mak-ing this problem more acute, the need for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.010 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9143 November 13, 2017 
government-wide upgrade is only growing more important every day. That’s because the people who need the most help are often on mobile devices. If you are young, if you have a lower income, or if you are a minor-ity, you are much more likely to use a smartphone as your only entry point to the internet. The gap is significant—people earning less than $30,000 were 13 times more likely in 2015 to depend on a smartphone than people earn-ing more than $75,000. Yet websites that are intended to strengthen the social safety net like programs providing food assistance are nearly inaccessible on a phone. 
A SMART GOVERNMENT BRINGS SERVICES TO  
PEOPLE WHEN THEY NEED THEM MOST —NOT 
THE OTHER WAY AROUND  Last year we crossed a significant thresh-old—Americans are now more likely to ac-cess the internet on their mobile device than on their desktop computer. If people rely on mobile devices, our services should be de-signed for mobile devices, and that’s why agencies with consumer-facing websites should be designed with an eye towards mo-bile first. These mobile sites can make it easier for people who may not have the time to wait in line at a government office. In order to bring government up to speed, we have introduced the Connected Govern-ment Act, which ensures that all new federal agency websites are designed to work well on mobile devices. These federal sites would serve as an example to the states who need to do more to modernize their own tech-nology. This simple change can have a big impact—from shorter lines and faster serv-ice, to providing more help to more people. Mobile friendly websites will ultimately help build a stronger democracy. Today, our bill is expected to clear a cru-cial committee vote in the House. And our colleagues Senators Maggie Hassan (D–NH) and Cory Gardner (R–CO) recently intro-duced a companion bill in the Senate. With this progress, our path to a smarter govern-ment is within reach. Congress should act soon to get this bill passed. In the wake of these recent disasters, we need to ensure that anyone looking for as-sistance from a federal agency can get the information they need through their mobile device. This is the least we can do to help al-leviate some of the stress people feel in times of need. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank the coleader on this bill, Con-gressman F
RANK PALLONE , who has been a strong supporter every step of the way, from the bill’s drafting through today’s floor consideration. I also thank my good friend Congress-man M
ARK MEADOWS , a cosponsor of the bill, and I thank Senator H
ASSAN , who introduced the Senate companion. Mr. Speaker, this is a simple bill that will ensure all government websites are accessible to all Americans. It simply requires that any new or updated Fed-eral websites be mobile friendly. It is 2017. We need Federal websites to work for all Americans. In the past 90 days, there were 2.61 billion visits to Federal websites. Al-most 40 percent of those came from mobile devices. That is over 1 billion hits from mobile devices like tablets and smartphones. But today, according to a report by the Information Tech-nology and Innovation Foundation, 40 percent of government websites don’t work on smartphones or are mobile un-friendly. Alarmingly, many of these sites are critical to serving the American peo-ple, like the application for Federal student aid and the launch point for bidding on Federal Government con-tracts. For millions of Americans with-out access to reliable broadband or without a desktop computer, smartphones are their doorway to the internet. A recent Pew report found that younger Americans, low-income Amer-icans, rural Americans, and people of color are more likely to rely only on smartphones to browse the web. Today, 77 percent of Americans own and use smartphones to access the internet. For 10 percent of Americans, it is their primary access to the inter-net. That is 32 million Americans. It is unacceptable for 32 million Americans to have difficulty reaching their gov-ernment simply because we couldn’t keep up with technological trends. Recently, Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria showed just how vital smartphones have become, especially during disasters. In the aftermath of these storms, millions of Americans re-lied on their smartphones to find as-sistance. Imagine the frustration of navigating SBA, FEMA, or HUD websites, looking for assistance on a 5- inch screen, and the site not working because it is only designed for desktop browsing. In my time serving as the ranking member of the Information Technology Subcommittee, it has been clear that the Federal Government’s IT systems are not working and have not kept up with even the most basic technology trends that are common in the private sector. Americans deserve a modern Amer-ican Government that is accessible and responsive to their needs. This bill takes us one step closer to realizing this goal. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill that the CBO has said will have no significant cost to taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her great work on this bill, I urge adop-tion of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, this year’s nat-ural disasters have devastated millions of Americans across the country, leaving so many with little more than the smartphone in their pocket. But when these people look to the government for help, they find that too many of the governments’ websites aren’t made for the computers they have with them all the time—their phones. Our bill takes a big step forward in fixing that issue and helping these Americans get back on their feet. I want to thank Congresswoman K
ELLY for cham-pioning the Connected Government Act in the Oversight and Government Reform Com-mittee. I urge my colleagues to support this common sense bill, and I hope we can secure passage in the Senate soon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2331, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FEDERAL ACQUISITION SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3071) to require executive agencies to consider equip-ment rental in any cost-effectiveness analysis for equipment acquisition, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3071 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Ac-quisition Savings Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS OF EQUIPMENT RENTAL. 
(a) C OST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS OF  E
QUIPMENT RENTAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any cost- effectiveness analysis for equipment acquisi-tion conducted on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each executive agency shall consider equipment rental in such cost- effectiveness analysis. (2) F
EDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION .—The Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be re-vised to implement the requirement under paragraph (1). (b) S
TUDY OF COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANAL-
YSIS.—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a comprehensive report on the de-cisions made by the executive agencies with the highest levels of acquisition spending, and a sample of executive agencies with lower levels of acquisition spending, to ac-quire high-value equipment by lease, rental, or purchase pursuant to subpart 7.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
QUIPMENT RENTAL .—The term ‘‘equip-ment rental’’ means the acquisition of equip-ment by contract from a commercial source for a temporary period of use with no fixed duration. (2) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-tive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.007 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9144 November 13, 2017 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3071, introduced by my col-league from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), and which I have cosponsored. The Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017 would require the government to consider renting equipment over buying or leasing that equipment. The Government Accountability Office re-ported that agencies annually spend an average of more than $200 billion on purchasing or leasing equipment, with purchasing accounting for almost all of that spending. The Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017 provides an opportunity to save money when obtaining equipment. The current rules encourage agencies to consider the most cost-effective way to obtain equipment, but only between purchasing or leasing. Renting is not an option. H.R. 3071 requires agencies to con-sider renting equipment as a cost-sav-ing measure over purchasing or leas-ing. The bill also directs that the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation be revised to implement this policy. Renting equipment can provide a more cost-ef-fective and flexible alternative to buy-ing or leasing. When purchasing equipment, the pur-chaser makes a long-term investment and assumes the total cost of owner-ship for that equipment. However, some short-term needs can be met without assuming the cost of pur-chasing and maintaining equipment. Leasing or renting are options in such cases. Leasing should be considered, but, depending on an agency’s needs, leasing may not be the best low-cost option. Typically, leases involve de-fined leasing periods and are specific to a single piece of equipment. In addition, leasing may require a large upfront outlay of capital, and, under a lease, the government is gen-erally responsible for the cost of main-tenance, insurance, and storage of the equipment. Alternatively, rental for a temporary period with no fixed dura-tion may fit the need and provide a more flexible option. b1630 Renting equipment may be cost-ef-fective because rental agreements typi-cally cover costs such as storage, main-tenance, insurance, transport, and li-censing. Other State and local governments have used the equipment rental option with great success, but the Federal Government has not widely adopted this low-cost option. For example, the Texas Department of Transportation reported saving $10.8 million due to a rental program. They reported renting more than 1,200 pieces of equipment at a cost of $18.9 million and purchasing 931 assets costing more than $40 mil-lion. The Mississippi Department of Trans-portation commissioned a study on their equipment management processes and systems, and that study found that renting equipment, such as bulldozers and motor graders, to supplement their fleet was the most cost-effective op-tion. In fact, that study found that Mississippi could realize over $13,000 in annual cost savings and $180,000 in lifecycle cost savings per bulldozer unit. H.R. 3071 presents an opportunity to realize cost savings in obtaining equip-ment by directing agencies to consider the rental option. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-resentative B
UDDY CARTER for his lead-ership on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 3071, the Federal Acquisition Savings Act, as amended, would re-quire Federal contracting officers to consider short-term rentals in addition to long-term leasing or purchasing when acquiring equipment agencies need. I would like to thank Chairman G
OWDY and Representative C ARTER for working with the minority in a bipar-tisan manner to address concerns that were raised about the bill as intro-duced. The Federal Acquisition Regulation is currently unclear about whether short-term rentals are permitted. Rental equipment, as opposed to pur-chasing or leasing, can be a cost-effec-tive option for Federal agencies in cer-tain circumstances. This bill would provide additional flexibility by allowing such rentals. It would also improve efficiency by re-quiring the cost-effectiveness of rent-ing to be considered by Federal con-tracting officers. I support giving con-tracting officers additional tools to make the most cost-effective decisions. The bill, as amended, also would re-quire GAO to produce a report card on the use of renting or leasing by Federal agencies. The requirements for that re-port were very burdensome for GAO in the bill as introduced. I know we all value GAO’s work and want to make the best use of its resources. I am glad that those reporting requirements have been streamlined. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 3071, the Fed-eral Acquisition Savings Act of 2017. This legislation seeks to modernize our government’s outdated acquisition strategies, while simultaneously acting as good stewards of valuable taxpayer dollars. My bill would simply require Federal agencies to consider renting as a cost- effective alternative in equipment ac-quisition, giving the government op-tions that the private sector has under-taken and has seen success and cost savings with. As previously reported by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office, the GAO, the Federal Government spends more than $200 billion, on average, ei-ther purchasing or leasing equipment. Of those acquisition decisions, pur-chasing of equipment accounts for more than 99 percent of that share. Federal agencies are instructed to consider the cost-effectiveness of these strategies as they move through the process, but even that has been found to be lacking. The GAO has found that, in many instances, Federal agencies don’t even bother to undertake these analyses. That means that the tax-payers are the ones who lose out as Federal agencies sidestep these respon-sibilities and undertake what is, many times, the easiest but most expensive route—purchasing. This is an issue the committee and this body have been looking at for years. In 2012, the GAO issued a report finding that contracting officials from the Air Force and Department of the Interior did not perform the lease- versus-purchase analysis for many of the contracts awarded. In July of 2013, GSA issued an RFI seeking to deter-mine if there is a distinction between leasing and renting of equipment. The overwhelming response to the RFI indi-cated that amending the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation, the FAR, to in-clude renting would be pertinent. How-ever, the GSI did not act on that rec-ommendation. These actions have resulted in this legislation and the good-faith effort to ensure taxpayer dollars are spent wise-ly and that the Federal requirements for Federal acquisition are followed. Under subpart 7.4 of the FAR, agen-cies are directed to conduct a case-by- case evaluation of the cost between leasing and purchasing. As I mentioned earlier, many of those analyses aren’t conducted. Amending this part of FAR will open up new avenues and will allow them to pursue successes and cost savings being used in the private sector. For in-stance, the Texas Department of Transportation reported savings of $10.8 million within the fleet oper-ations division. These savings are real-ized when the additional costs of own-ership are factored, including mainte-nance, transportation, and other areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.015 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9145 November 13, 2017 
In addition to this example, the Mis-sissippi Department of Transportation commissioned a study finding that they could find significant cost savings per unit if they utilized renting equip-ment as an option. Rental agreements are often thought of as short-term transactions with no fixed duration. This gives the renter—in this case, the Federal agencies—more say in how the equipment is used and the duration of the need for that equipment. For in-stance, specialized equipment that is only needed several times a year or is needed in varying locations can be sourced via renting to reduce overhead costs. As this body continues to pursue meaningful legislation to reduce the burden on our constituents and stream-line the government, this is a great step forward. My bipartisan legislation will reduce waste in the Federal Gov-ernment while giving them the oppor-tunity to pursue new and innovative ways to source equipment. Too often, we see areas of mis-management within the Federal Gov-ernment that can and should be ad-dressed, and this is a chance to help correct the ship one step at a time. This bipartisan legislation passed the Oversight and Government Reform Committee with overwhelming sup-port, and I thank my colleagues on the committee and on this bill for their support and persistence in addressing shortfalls in the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, please join me in sup-port of this legislation and help us en-sure future acquisition decisions are done with the taxpayers in mind. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for this bill, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3071, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3739) to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former Presi-dent, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3739 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS. 
(a) F ORMER PRESIDENTS .—The first section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide retire-ment, clerical assistants, and free mailing privileges to former Presidents of the United States, and for other purposes’’, approved August 25, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’) (3 U.S.C. 102 note), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; (2) by striking the matter preceding sub-section (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
NNUITIES AND ALLOWANCES .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUITY .—Each former President shall be entitled to receive from the United States an annuity, subject to subsections (b) and (c)— ‘‘(A) at the rate of $200,000 per year; and ‘‘(B) which shall commence on the day after the date on which an individual be-comes a former President. ‘‘(2) A
LLOWANCE .—The General Services Administration is authorized to provide each former President a monetary allowance, sub-ject to appropriations and subsections (b), (c), and (d), at the rate of— ‘‘(A) $500,000 per year for 5 years beginning on the day after the last day of the period described in the first sentence of section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note); ‘‘(B) $350,000 per year for the 5 years fol-lowing the 5-year period under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) $250,000 per year thereafter. ‘‘(b) D
URATION ; FREQUENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The annuity and mone-tary allowance under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(A) terminate on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the former President dies; and ‘‘(B) be payable by the Secretary of the Treasury on a monthly basis. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTIVE OR ELECTIVE POSITIONS .— The annuity and monetary allowance under subsection (a) shall not be payable for any period during which a former President holds an appointive or elective position in or under the Federal Government to which is at-tached a rate of pay other than a nominal rate. ‘‘(c) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—Effective December 1 of each year, each annuity and monetary allowance under subsection (a) that commenced before that date shall be in-creased by the same percentage by which benefit amounts under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are in-creased, effective as of that date, as a result of a determination under section 215(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY ALLOW -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the monetary allowance payable under subsection (a)(2) to a former President for any 12-month period— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), may not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the monetary allowance that (but for this subsection) would otherwise be so pay-able for the 12-month period, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) the applicable reduction amount for the 12-month period; and ‘‘(B) shall not be less than the amount de-termined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(2) DEFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘applicable reduction amount’ means, with respect to any former President and in connection with any 12- month period, the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the earned income (as defined in sec-tion 32(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the former President for the most re-cent taxable year for which a tax return is available, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) $400,000, subject to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return, subparagraph (A)(i) shall be applied by taking into account both the amounts properly allocable to the former President and the amounts properly allocable to the spouse of the former President. ‘‘(C) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—The dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, the mone-tary allowance of the former President is in-creased under subsection (c) (disregarding this subsection). ‘‘(3) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘return’ and ‘return informa-tion’ have the meanings given those terms in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury or the Secretary of the Treasury’s delegate. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—A former President may not receive a monetary allowance under subsection (a)(2) unless the former President discloses to the Secretary, upon the request of the Secretary, any return or return infor-mation of the former President or spouse of the former President that the Secretary de-termines is necessary for purposes of calcu-lating the applicable reduction amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection. ‘‘(C) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Except as provided in section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may not, with re-spect to a return or return information dis-closed to the Secretary under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) disclose the return or return informa-tion to any entity or person; or ‘‘(ii) use the return or return information for any purpose other than to calculate the applicable reduction amount under para-graph (2). ‘‘(4) I
NCREASED COSTS DUE TO SECURITY  
NEEDS .—With respect to the monetary allow-ance that would be payable to a former President under subsection (a)(2) for any 12- month period but for the limitation under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Admin-istrator of General Services, in coordination with the Director of the United States Se-cret Service, shall determine the amount of the monetary allowance that is needed to pay the increased cost of doing business that is attributable to the security needs of the former President.’’; (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) O
FFICE STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall, without regard to the civil service and classification laws, provide for each former President an office staff of not more than 13 individuals, at the request of the former President, on a reimbursable basis. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .—The annual rate of compensation payable to any individual under paragraph (1) shall not exceed the highest annual rate of basic pay for positions at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.016 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9146 November 13, 2017 
‘‘(3) S ELECTION ; RESPONSIBILITY .—An indi- vidual employed under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be selected by the former Presi-dent; and ‘‘(B) shall be responsible only to the former President for the performance of duties. ‘‘(g) O
FFICE SPACE AND RELATED FUR-
NISHINGS AND EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(1) O
FFICE SPACE .—The Administrator of General Services (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘Administrator’) shall, at the request of a former President, on a reimburs-able basis provide for the former President suitable office space, as determined by the Administrator, at a place within the United States specified by the former President. ‘‘(2) F
URNISHINGS AND EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(A) R
EIMBURSABLE .—The Administrator may, at the request of a former President, provide the former President with suitable office furnishings and equipment on a reim-bursable basis. ‘‘(B) W
ITHOUT REIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(i) G
RANDFATHERED FORMER PRESIDENTS .— In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2017, the former President may retain with-out reimbursement any furniture and equip-ment in the possession of the former Presi-dent. ‘‘(ii) P
RESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ACT .—A former President may retain without reim-bursement any furniture or equipment ac-quired under section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note). ‘‘(iii) E
XCESS FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT .— The Administrator may provide excess fur-niture and equipment to the office of a former President at no cost other than nec-essary transportation costs.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsections (f), (g) (other than paragraph (2)(B)(i) of that sub-section), and (i) shall apply with respect to a former President on and after the day after the last day of the period described in the first sentence of section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note).’’. (b) S
URVIVING SPOUSES OF FORMER PRESI-
DENTS .— (1) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF MONETARY AL -
LOWANCE .—Subsection (e) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘$20,000 per annum,’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000 per year (subject to paragraph (4)),’’; and (B) in the second sentence— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘or the government of the District of Columbia’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) shall, after its commencement date, be increased at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, annuities of former Presidents are increased under sub-section (c).’’. (2) C
OVERAGE OF WIDOWER OF A FORMER  
PRESIDENT .—Subsection (e) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘widow’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘widow or widower’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘she’’ and inserting ‘‘she or he’’. (c) S
UBSECTION HEADINGS .—The first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘W
ID-
OWS AND WIDOWERS .—’’; (2) in subsection (h) (as redesignated by subsection (a)(1)), by inserting after the sub-section enumerator the following: ‘‘DEFINI -
TION.—’’; and (3) in subsection (i) (as redesignated by subsection (a)(1)), by inserting after the sub-section enumerator the following: ‘‘A
UTHOR -
IZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 5 .—Subpart G of part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 8101(1)(E), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; (B) in section 8331(1)(I), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; (C) in section 8701(a)(9), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; and (D) in section 8901(1)(H) by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’. (2) P
RESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ACT OF 1963 .— Section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended by striking the last sentence. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act shall be construed to af-fect— (1) any provision of law relating to the se-curity or protection of a former President or a member of the family of a former Presi-dent; (2) funding, under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 or any other law, to carry out any provision of law described in paragraph (1); or (3) funding for any office space lease in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act under subsection (c) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 (as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act) until the expiration date contained in the lease, if the lease was submitted to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives on April 12, 2017. 
SEC. 4. TRANSITION RULES. 
(a) F ORMER PRESIDENTS .—In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendments made by section 2(a) shall be applied as if the commencement date re-ferred in subsections (a)(1)(B) and (a)(2)(A) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by section 2(a), coin-cided with the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) W
IDOWS .—In the case of any individual who is the widow of a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendments made by section 2(b)(1) shall be applied as if the commencement date re-ferred to in subsection (e)(1) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by section 2(b)(1), coincided with the date that is 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. APPLICABILITY. 
For a former President receiving a mone-tary allowance under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act, the limitation under subsection (d)(1) of the first section of that Act, as amended by section 2(a), shall apply to the monetary allowance of the former President, except to the extent that the ap-plication of the limitation would prevent the former President from being able to pay the cost of a lease or other contract that is in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act and under which the former President makes payments using the mone-tary allowance, as determined by the Admin-istrator of General Services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3739, a bill I introduced to limit the allow-ances paid to former Presidents. Congress passed the Former Presi-dents Act of 1958 to maintain the dig-nity of the Office of the President and assist former Presidents who did not have sufficient financial resources. It is a noble purpose, but times have changed. When the Former Presidents Act was passed, Herbert Hoover and Harry Truman were the only two former living Presidents. Unlike the more recent former Presidents, they did not earn millions of dollars from speaking fees and book deals after leaving office. For example, President Clinton earned more than $100 million in speak-ing fees between 2001 and 2013. Presi-dent George W. Bush received $10 mil-lion for his book deal. In April 2017, President Obama spoke at a Wall Street firm for a fee of $400,000, and he and the former First Lady also report-edly signed a joint book deal worth over $65 million. It is a fact of the modern Presidency that these lucrative financial opportu-nities are available now as they were not to former Presidents. Because of these opportunities, it is no longer nec-essary to provide taxpayer-funded sup-port to former Presidents in the same way as envisioned in 1958. H.R. 3739 presents a fair way to re-duce taxpayer support to those former Presidents who no longer need such as-sistance. Furthermore, with our Nation facing $20 trillion in debt, we must find ways to save taxpayer money, and our former Presidents will lead by example in cutting costs under this bill. The Presidential Allowance Mod-ernization Act reforms pensions and al-lowances provided to former Presidents and surviving spouses and reduces un-necessary costs to the taxpayer. This bill sets a former President’s pension at $200,000, compared to cur-rent law where the pension is linked to the Cabinet Secretary’s pay level, cur-rently at $204,700. Surviving spouses of former Presidents will be eligible for a pension of $100,000, a more realistic amount than the $20,000 pension avail-able under current law. Currently, former Presidents are also eligible for other benefits paid through annual appropriations. These include 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.009 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9147 November 13, 2017 
office space and leases, furniture and supplies, and staff salaries. Such addi-tional benefits provided to former Presidents totaled $2.84 million in fis-cal year 2017 and $2.43 million the year before. Instead, this bill will provide a $500,000 lump sum allowance for each eligible former President to cover such expenses. This allowance will be re-duced dollar-for-dollar for any earned income in excess of $400,000. For exam-ple, a former President making $900,000 in earned income would not be eligible for the allowance. For former Presidents eligible for the allowance, the allowance will decrease over time. Five years after the former President has left office, the allowance is reduced to $350,000, and then 10 years later, the allowance is reduced to $250,000. In the 114th Congress, the Presi-dential Allowance Modernization Act of 2016 was passed, but it was not signed into law. Senator J
ONIERNST  and I have worked with other stake-holders to improve the bill in 2017. This 2017 bill advances the same principles of accountability and modernization as the 2016 legislation but makes some key changes. First, the bill provides a 6-month pe-riod after the date of enactment before the bill takes effect to ensure current former Presidents have time to plan for the changes. Second, the bill increases the allow-ance amount from $200,000 in the pre-vious bill language to $500,000. How-ever, as described earlier, this allow-ance decreases over time, but it is not entirely eliminated should a former President be eligible for the allowance. The office of the former President is an important institution to support in a nominal way. We were all recently reminded of the importance of this in-stitution by the joint effort of former Presidents to raise hurricane relief funds. The third change made in this version of the bill is the pension and al-lowance are terminated 30 days after the death of a former President—in-stead of immediately upon death. This change was made to accommodate the work that must be done to wrap up the affairs of a former President. b1645 Finally, I want to assure my col-leagues that this bill does not impact funding for the security or protection of a former President. Again, I want to thank Senator E
RNST for her work on this bill in the previous years and this particular bill in 2017. It has been a real pleasure to work with her and her staff. I want to acknowledge Members such as Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and the former chairman, Mr. Chaffetz, whose work on this bill last year posi-tioned us to be successful this year. I also want to express my gratitude to the professional staff on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, who have put in so many hours of work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would amend the Former Presidents Act of 1958 to cap a former President’s annual pension at $200,000 indexed to inflation. The bill also would provide an addi-tional annual allowance for expenses that would start at $500,000 per year and decrease gradually to $250,000. Under this bill, the annual allowance would be reduced dollar for dollar in in-stances in which a former President’s adjusted gross income in a taxable year exceeds $400,000. Taxpayers should not have to pay for a former President’s allowance if the former President is making a com-fortable living earning millions of dol-lars a year, as many former Presidents do. This legislation would not affect any funding for the security and pro-tection of former Presidents and their spouses. This legislation would update the pension amount for surviving spouses of former Presidents, which has been unchanged since 1958, by in-creasing it from $20,000 to $100,000. Last Congress, President Obama ve-toed a previous version of this legisla-tion because it would have had unin-tended consequences. For example, due to technical drafting errors, it would have resulted in the immediate termi-nation of the salary and benefits of cer-tain staff of the former Presidents. It would also have resulted in the termi-nation of leases for office space and the removal of furniture and equipment. That was clearly not an acceptable sit-uation, and I am glad we have been able to resolve these problems in the legislation before us today. I believe this bill makes fiscal sense, and I urge Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Illinois for yield-ing to me. I would also like to thank Represent-ative H
ICE, our own Chairman G OWDY , and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for in-cluding in this bill, like the similar bill from the last Congress, an update to the Former Presidents Act to reflect the positively changed status of the District of Columbia government since the enactment of the Former Presi-dents Act of 1958. As it affects the Dis-trict of Columbia, this bill provides an update to indeed reflect the law regard-ing the District of Columbia as it is now as opposed to how it was at the time the Former Presidents Act was originally passed in 1958. In 1958, the District of Columbia had no elected local government. It didn’t have any member of this body to draw this matter to the attention of the House. Instead, the D.C. government was run by three Presidentially ap-pointed commissioners, and all locally raised D.C. funds were deposited in the U.S. Treasury—locally raised, but put right there in the Treasury—and the Federal Government paid the employer contribution of the pensions of D.C. government employees. You can see why D.C. thought of itself at that time as a colony of the United States of America. We have changed all that. Thanks to the Home Rule Act and the work of this Congress, this bill would treat em-ployment of former Presidents and the widows of former Presidents in the Dis-trict government in the same manner as employment in other local and State governments. The Former Presidents Act was in-tended to prevent former Presidents and widows of former Presidents from double-dipping in the Treasury by col-lecting a Federal pension during any period they were employed by the Fed-eral Government or the D.C. govern-ment, just in case that happened. How-ever, the Former Presidents Act be-came outdated with respect to the D.C. government after Congress passed the Home Rule Act of 1973, and it needs to be updated. The Home Rule Act granted the Dis-trict of Columbia a locally elected gov-ernment. Under the Home Rule Act, D.C. local funds consisting of local taxes and fees are deposited in D.C. government accounts, not the U.S. Treasury. Also, because of the Home Rule Act, former Presidents and wid-ows of former Presidents would not be double-dipping by collecting both a Federal pension and a salary from the D.C. government because they are funded by what is now different govern-ments. I am very grateful that the House passed this bill last year. This is, of course, leftover business from more than 40 years ago. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me another minute. While the District of Columbia strug-gles to become the 51st State, we cer-tainly appreciate at least being recog-nized as an independent jurisdiction and no longer a ward of the Federal Government, as granted by the Home Rule Act of 1973. I particularly appreciate my friends from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, on which I serve, seeing to it that this bill came to the floor, and Congressman H
ICEas well, and I appreciate the leadership for placing this bill on this calendar. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge the adoption of this bill. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.019 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9148 November 13, 2017 
and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3739, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE WITH RESPECT TO UNITED STATES POLICY TO-WARDS YEMEN Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to the order of the House of November 1, 2017, I call up the reso-lution (H. Res. 599) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to United States policy towards Yemen, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 599 Whereas the United States has long-standing strategic interests in promoting se-curity and stability in the Arabian Penin-sula; Whereas the United States has a strategic partnership with the member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council, including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates; Whereas in 2014, after years of violence and insurgency, Iranian-supported Houthi rebels seized the Yemeni capital city of Sana’a, de-posing the legitimate, internationally recog-nized Government of Yemen and further de-stabilizing Yemen and the region; Whereas the Saudi-led Arab Coalition launched a military intervention in 2015 against the Houthi-Saleh alliance in re-sponse to the deposition of the legitimate Government of Yemen and Houthi-Saleh ter-ritorial gains in and around the port of Aden; Whereas the United States has long-standing strategic interests in Yemen, in-cluding ensuring freedom of navigation at the Bab al Mandab strait and countering the threats from Al Qaeda in the Arabian Penin-sula (AQAP) and Al-Qaeda franchises, and the Yemen affiliate of the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS); Whereas al-Qaeda was responsible for the bombing of the USS Cole in Aden, Yemen, in October 2000, which killed 17 United States sailors, and for multiple successful and un-successful terrorist attacks internationally; Whereas in April 2015, the United Nations Security Council adopted United Nations Se-curity Council Resolution 2216 by 14 affirma-tive votes to none against, with one absten-tion (by the Russian Federation), imposing sanctions on individuals undermining the stability of Yemen, and demanded that the Houthis withdraw from all areas seized dur-ing the latest conflict, relinquish arms seized from military and security institutions, cease all actions falling exclusively within the authority of the legitimate Government of Yemen and fully implement previous Se-curity Council resolutions; Whereas Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has transferred increasingly so-phisticated weapons systems to the Houthis, who have in turn shot missiles into Saudi Arabia from positions in northern Yemen; Whereas in addition to weapons, Iran is re-portedly providing Afghan and Shi’ite Arab specialists to train Houthi units and act as logistical advisers; Whereas the Iranian-supported Houthis have attacked coalition or coalition-affili-ated maritime targets multiple times, an American ship twice, and other shipping, forcing the United States to respond with a combination of diplomacy and calibrated military strikes against three radar facili-ties in Houthi-controlled territory; Whereas the United States has partici-pated in intelligence cooperation since 2015 and, pursuant to a cross-servicing agree-ment, has provided midair refueling services to Saudi-led Arab Coalition warplanes con-ducting aerial bombings in Yemen against the Houthi-Saleh alliance, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), and in support of freedom of navigation threatened by Iranian- backed Houthi forces; Whereas, according to the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, at least 10,000 Yemeni civilians have been killed in this conflict since 2015; Whereas the Saudi-led Arab Coalition has worked to improve their targeting processes and capabilities aimed at reducing unin-tended civilian casualties, and convened a Joint Incident Assessment Team to inves-tigate the coalition’s adherence to the laws of armed conflict; Whereas the war in Yemen has contributed to a humanitarian crisis in Yemen, leading to an April 2017 announcement by the World Food Program that Yemen is on the brink of ‘‘full-scale famine’’, with approximately 7,000,000 Yemenis, including 2,200,000 chil-dren, being classified as ‘‘severely food inse-cure’’; Whereas over 500,000 new cholera cases have been detected in Yemen, and approxi-mately 2,000 people have died from cholera- related issues; Whereas the United States remains the largest donor of humanitarian assistance in Yemen; Whereas parties to the conflict continue to obstruct access by journalists and humani-tarian organizations seeking to provide as-sistance; Whereas according to the Department of State’s Country Reports on Terrorism 2016, the conflict between Saudi-led Arab Coali-tion and the Houthi-Saleh alliance is coun-terproductive to ongoing efforts by the United States to pursue Al Qaeda and its as-sociated forces; Whereas according to the intelligence com-munity’s (as such term is defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) 2017 Worldwide Threat Assess-ment, ‘‘AQAP and ISIS’s branch in Yemen have exploited the conflict and the collapse of government authority to gain new re-cruits and allies and expand their influence’’; and Whereas to date, Congress has not enacted specific legislation authorizing the use of military force against parties participating in the Yemeni civil war that are not other-wise subject to the Authorization of Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40) or the Au-thorization of Use of Military Force in Iraq (Public Law 107–243): Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) expresses the urgent need for a political solution in Yemen consistent with United Nations Security Council Resolution 2216 (UNSCR 2216), or otherwise agreed to by the parties; (2) denounces the conduct of activities in Yemen and areas affected by the conflict that are, directly or indirectly, inconsistent with the laws of armed conflict, including the deliberate targeting of civilian popu-lations or the use of civilians as human shields; (3) calls on all parties to the conflict to in-crease efforts to adopt all necessary and ap-propriate measures to prevent civilian cas-ualties and to increase humanitarian access; (4) supports the Saudi-led Arab Coalition’s commitments to abide by their no-strike list and restricted target list and improve their targeting capabilities; (5) condemns Iranian activities in Yemen in violation of UNSCR 2216, and calls on all responsible countries to take appropriate and necessary measures against the Govern-ment of Iran, including the interdiction of Iranian weapons to the Houthis, and the bi-lateral and multilateral application of sanc-tions against Iran for its violations of UNSCR 2216; (6) encourages other governments to join in providing the resources necessary to ad-dress the humanitarian crisis; and (7) calls on all parties to the conflict to allow for unobstructed access for humani-tarian organizations, human rights inves-tigators, medical relief personnel, and jour-nalists. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Wednesday, November 1, 2017, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and to include extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ), for working in good faith to-ward achieving a resolution that pro-ductively addresses a very complex issue and a very serious issue, namely, the strategic and humanitarian impli-cations of the ongoing conflict being fought in Yemen. I should also recog-nize the good work of our Foreign Af-fairs Committee ranking member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL of New York. This resolution will send a strong and needed message to all involved in this conflict that is causing so much human suffering. According to the U.N., more than 20 million people in Yemen—that is 76 percent of the popu-lation—are in need of humanitarian as-sistance. More than 2 million people are affected by either moderate or by severe malnutrition. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 599 is a bipar-tisan alternative to H. Con. Res. 81. That initial proposal had claimed pro-cedural privileges by invoking section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, which applies only when U.S. forces are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.021 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9149 November 13, 2017 
engaged in hostilities abroad without authorization. Though we provide lo-gistics to our Saudi partners in the re-gion, United States forces are not con-ducting hostilities against Houthi forces in Yemen. The initial resolution also neglected a key facet of the Yemen crisis, and that is Iran, which has been providing increasing support—very nefarious sup-port—to the Houthi rebels. We must not forget that in April of 2015, the U.N. Security Council, acting under Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter, con-demned the violent Houthi government overthrow ‘‘in the strongest terms’’ and obligated all U.N. member states to comply with and enforce an embargo on arms and military assistance ‘‘of all types’’ to the Houthi forces. This makes Iran’s acts to fuel this deadly conflict a gross violation of inter-national law, as our ambassador has pointed out. I am glad that the new H. Res. 599 ad-dresses these shortcomings, and I rise to support it today. Even before this latest conflict, Yemen was the poorest country in the region. It was wracked by violence and unrest. For years, the countries of North and South Yemen were in con-flict before they became a single state. That was in 1990. After an uprising in 2011, Yemen embarked on a path of at-tempted national dialogue, of unifica-tion, and of constitutional reform; but hopes for stability and progress were dashed in 2014. That is the time when an Iranian-backed Houthi rebel group in alliance with former Yemeni strongman, Ali Abdullah Saleh, forc-ibly deposed the internationally recog-nized government of President Hadi. In response, the United States Secu-rity Council adopted Resolution 2216, which sanctioned individuals involved in destabilizing Yemen and demanded that the Houthis unconditionally end their use of violence, withdraw their forces, relinquish their seized weapons, and refrain from threats to neighboring states. Unfortunately, the Houthi-Saleh re-jection of this U.N. Security Council resolution, with Iran’s backing, has sabotaged the prospects for peace. Mr. Speaker, the United States has longstanding, critical national security interests in this region. Members will recall that the deadly bombing of the USS Cole occurred there in Yemen. Other terrorist plots against Ameri-cans originated in Yemen, including the unsuccessful 2009 underwear bomb-er attack on a Northwest Airlines flight that was going to Detroit. We and our partners continue to con-duct operations against al-Qaida inside Yemen, and that is pursuant to the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force with the permission of the inter-nationally recognized Government of Yemen. Although al-Qaida in the Arabian Pe-ninsula may not grab a lot of inter-national headlines, it still continues to threaten Western nations, and it still maintains a significant network in South Yemen, which we are working to disrupt. Making matters worse, Yemen has become another front in Iran’s quest for regional dominance, which has ac-celerated in the wake of the previous administration’s nuclear deal. b1700 Consider that Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps has transferred increas-ingly sophisticated weapons systems to the Houthis and specialists to train and advise their units. Also consider that Iran’s top terror proxy, Hezbollah, is helping the Houthis, who have launched numerous missiles and raids into Saudi Arabia, killing innocent civilians. Just last week, a ballistic missile was inter-cepted over the Saudi capital of Ri-yadh. This Iranian meddling in Yemen thwarts peace by empowering the Houthis to resist a return to political negotiations. The Iranian regime could not care less about the human suf-fering it is responsible for. Of course, beyond our national secu-rity, the region is also vital to the U.S. and the global economy. The southwest coast of Yemen constitutes one side of the Bab al-Mandab Strait, a narrow, strategic chokepoint in the flow of international goods headed to and from Europe, Asia, and the United States. At times, Iranian-supported Houthis have attacked international shipping, including an American vessel. Disrup-tions to shipping along the waterway mean disruptions to employment and wages. So it is no wonder that, in response to these threats, a Saudi-led coalition of 10 nations began military operations against Houthi-Saleh forces in March of 2015. Its mission was to reinstate the internationally recognized govern-ment. However, 2
1⁄2years later, military progress remains elusive and battle lines are hardened. The Saudi-led coali-tion controls the port city of Aden and the lowland areas in the south, while the Houthis continue to hold the cap-ital and the highlands of northern Yemen. Civilian casualties have been distressingly high, including from Saudi airstrikes in the early months of the campaign. Today, Yemen is in shambles. It is si-multaneously experiencing the world’s largest food insecurity crisis and larg-est cholera outbreak, with more than 900,000 suspected cases. Last week’s moves by the Saudis to further close ground, air, and seaports only threaten to make things worse. The United States remains com-mitted to providing much-needed relief to innocent men, women, and children affected by this crisis. In fact, we re-main the single largest donor of hu-manitarian aid to Yemen, by far. USAID and U.N. aid to agencies re-port that all parties to the conflict, in-cluding the Saudi-led coalition, have been responsible for bureaucratic im-pediments and disruptions to humani-tarian operations, complicating our ability to effectively deliver lifesaving assistance. Our resolution says this must stop, by all sides. Mr. Speaker, this all provides for a very complex policy challenge. Some say the United States should distance itself from longstanding military co-operation with Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and other Gulf Cooperation Council partners. But this would only strength-en Iran’s malign influence in the region and would not solve the humanitarian crisis. Indeed, it would likely worsen it. At the same time, others say our only focus should be neutralizing Iran and terrorist threats. But we cannot ig-nore the moral and strategic costs of civilian casualties and deteriorating humanitarian conditions. To this end, I believe that H. Res. 599 appropriately balances the shared, bi-partisan concerns of this body: The urgent need for a political solu-tion in Yemen consistent with Security Council Resolution 2216; A call for all parties to prevent civil-ian casualties; Support for the Saudi-led coalition’s commitments to improve targeting and abide by their no-strike list; and, Condemnation and sanctions for Iran’s destabilizing activities in Yemen in violation of Security Council Reso-lution 2216. Here, we should note that this body has taken strong, bipartisan action in recent months to challenge Iran’s ag-gression, including by sanctioning its ICBM program and its support for the terrorist group Hezbollah. Make no mistake about it: Iran is an avowed enemy and our biggest security threat in the region; on the other hand, the Saudis are our partners. The resolution calls for all parties to allow unobstructed access for humani-tarian organizations, human rights in-vestigations, medical personnel, and journalists. In general, it brings atten-tion to a Yemeni conflict that deserves more international notice. As we debate this measure, I suspect we may hear different views of War Powers and authorizations for use of military force as they relate to Yemen. As I said, I don’t believe our security cooperation with the Saudis triggers War Powers. This is the type of support we provide to many other govern-ments. But just because it does not arise under that particular statute does not make it immune from our scrutiny. I share Members’ concerns that Con-gress must be as attentive as possible to the roles and missions of our Armed Forces overseas and monitor the ways in which our security assistance is being used. In this sense, Yemen does warrant closer watching. That is what I believe this resolution does. I again want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ), the ma-jority leader and minority whip of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.023 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9150 November 13, 2017 
House, and my good friend Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for the good work that went into this text, which I sup-port. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his work on this resolution, Ranking Member E
NGEL , and leader-ship on both sides: Majority Leader M
CCARTHY and the Speaker, and Mi-nority Whip H
OYER and Leader P ELOSI . I think one thing we can all agree on, as Chairman R
OYCE mentioned, is the humanitarian crisis in Yemen. It is, ar-guably, the largest humanitarian crisis currently in the world. There are al-most a million people suffering from cholera. This is a manmade crisis be-cause of the bombing of civilian tar-gets that has made the treatment of water impossible. Almost 7 million people face famine. One hope out of this debate, the first one on the House floor on Yemen, is that we will collectively demand hu-manitarian access to people in Yemen. There is no justification for the ports to be closed. There is no justification for the Sanaa Airport to be closed. In The New York Times just this morning, there was an article stating that chlorine medicine tablets are not being allowed in for people suffering from cholera. That is not a Republican or Democratic issue. That is an Amer-ican issue. This Nation stands for human rights. We stand for compassion and decency. We should demand, collectively, that there is humanitarian access to people who are suffering and that the ports and airports be opened. This resolution calls for that, as has our U.N. Ambas-sador, Nikki Haley, who made that clear. The second part of this resolution, which I think goes a long way, is the acknowledgment of our own role in the refueling of Saudi planes and in the as-sistance of Saudi targeting. The resolution explicitly acknowl-edges that the United States has been engaged in the assistance of Saudi re-fueling and assisting the Saudis in tar-geting. It explicitly also recognizes that the 2001 authorization of force that the United States Congress passed does not apply to the Yemeni civil war. Chairman R
OYCE was absolutely cor-rect that there is an al-Qaida threat in Yemen to the United States. Our mili-tary, under the 2001 authorization of force, has the full authority to take counterterrorism measures to deal with al-Qaida; but what our military is not authorized to do is assist the Saudi Arabian regime in fighting the Houthis. In many cases, the Saudis have aligned with al-Qaida to fight the Houthis, undermining our very coun-terterrorism operations. This resolution makes abundantly clear that we cannot be assisting the Saudi regime in any of its fight with the Houthi regime. We have to limit our involvement in Yemen to take on al-Qaida and to take on the terrorists that threaten the United States. The chairman and I have a disagree-ment about the War Powers Resolu-tion, but I will say that the negotia-tions were in good faith. As I told some of the groups that were upset about the resolution, this is a body of 435 Mem-bers. Every Member has their perspec-tive. Ultimately, we have to come to a consensus that moves the debate for-ward. In our view, the War Powers Res-olution does apply. If I can quote from a plain reading of section 8(c), it says that, for purposes of the War Powers Act: ‘‘the term ‘in-troduction of the United States Armed Forces’ includes the assignment of members of such Armed Forces to com-mand, coordinate, participate in the movement of, or accompany the reg-ular or irregular military forces of any foreign country or government. . . .’’ I believe a plain reading of that stat-ute suggests that refueling Saudi planes constitutes coordination with a foreign government in a foreign con-flict. Frankly, it is precisely what the drafters of the statute wanted to pre-vent after Vietnam. They wanted to prevent us from getting entangled in foreign conflicts where our national se-curity was not at stake without a de-bate on the floor of Congress. We currently have troops in harm’s way in 13 countries around the world. In many of those countries, we have not debated in the United States what the mission is or whether we should be there or whether it is making us any safer. That is certainly the case in Yemen. We know that, to the extent Iran is involved with the Houthis, that has been exacerbated because of the Saudi actions. It is debatable how much Iran was involved in the first place, but what we do know is that their minimal involvement—or, perhaps, now, greater involvement—was triggered because of the Saudi escalation in bombing Yemen. What is the United States’ stake in a proxy war in Yemen? How is that mak-ing us any safer? If anything, it is creating another generation of Yemeni who will view the United States with suspicion. Nicholas Kristof wrote, in The New York Times: ‘‘We Americans have sometimes wondered how Russia can possibly be so Machiavellian as to sup-port its Syrian Government allies as they bomb and starve civilians. Yet we’re doing the same thing with Saudi Arabia, and it’s just as unconscionable when we’re the ones complicit. . . .’’ Our military has the highest stand-ards. We take such great care in mini-mizing civilian casualties. Why would we want to aid Saudi Arabia, which doesn’t share American values, which doesn’t have the regard for human life that we in the United States do? We are bearing the brunt of their horrible actions. So it is time, I believe, not just to stand up for humanitarian access in Yemen, but to question whether the aid that we are providing Saudi Arabia is making our country any safer and whether it is consistent with American values. b1715 Finally, I will say to those who argue that we need to support the Saudis as a counter to Iran, there is no question that Iran has taken actions that are not in the United States’ interest, but I suggest that we learn from our own history. I remember, from history, the time when so many in our country said: Let us arm Saddam Hussein to be a counter to Iran. That didn’t work out so well for the United States. It was our arms that fueled Saddam Hussein’s rise that led to two costly wars for the United States. My belief is the balance-of-power framework that has dictated our for-eign policy and the interventionism has not made us any safer. I wish we would exercise more restraint in our foreign policy and return to the tradi-tions of John Quincy Adams who said: We should not go overseas for monsters to destroy. These are not conflicts where we can judge who is on the right side; rather, we should be restrained, offer our hopes and prayers to those fighting for freedom, offer our humanitarian good will but not engage in interventionism abroad. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and cur-rent chair of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the chairman of our committee, for yielding me the time, and I rise today in support of H. Res. 599—expressing the sense of the U.S. House of Representatives with re-spect to United States policy toward Yemen. I want to thank my other colleague from California, Mr. K
HANNA , and Mr. M
CGOVERN from Massachusetts for of-fering this important resolution before us. I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for always working in a bipartisan manner in our committee, including with our leader-ship, to bring this resolution before us today. Mr. Speaker, there are approximately 2 million internally displaced persons in Yemen right now. International aid agencies consider Yemen to be one of the four current famine countries alongside South Sudan, Somalia, and Nigeria. We must ensure that access and safe passage is being given to reach the people of Yemen who desperately need this assistance. Saudi Arabia and the UAE have secu-rity and terror concerns in Yemen, and they have to mitigate those, but there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.024 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9151 November 13, 2017 
should not be any obstacles to prevent the delivery of vital humanitarian as-sistance to Yemen. It is positive news that this morning Saudi Arabia announced that it will begin reopening airports and seaports in Yemen; so, hopefully, that aid will come quickly for those starving people. Since this campaign began in 2015, the United States has been the largest contributor of humanitarian aid to Yemen. We must ensure that the aid is not being diverted and is actually reaching the right people who need it the most. A political solution is needed in Yemen where all parties can sit down and negotiate a path forward, but that becomes increasingly more difficult when we have to deal with the negative influence of Iran and the Houthis. Here are some examples. In February 2017, General Soleimani, commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the Quds Force, reportedly pledged to increase Iran’s assistance to Houthi-Saleh forces. According to press reports, two inci-dents occurred in October 2016, off the coast of Yemen, where missiles were fired targeting our Navy destroyers. After Houthi forces targeted U.S. warships near Yemen, the vice admiral, who heads U.S. Naval Forces Central Command, said: ‘‘We believe that Iran is connected to this.’’ Since April 2015, U.S. warships have intercepted at least five Iranian ship-ments of weapons to Houthi forces. Just last week, the U.S. Forces’ central commander said that a missile fired by the Houthis at Riyadh was manufac-tured by Iran. In Yemen, we cannot forget that we need to undermine Iran’s influence over the Houthis. Last month, the White House released a new strategy when it comes to Iran, and it stated: ‘‘The Iranian regime has taken advan-tage of regional conflicts and insta-bility to aggressively expand its re-gional influence and threaten its neigh-bors with little domestic or inter-national cost for its actions.’’ I believe that targeted sanctions are needed against Iran for providing weap-ons to the Houthis, weapons that are being used to directly target U.S. sol-diers in the region. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, we cannot for-get about the threats emanating from a U.S.-designated foreign terrorist or-ganization, al-Qaida, in the Arabian Peninsula, also known as AQAP. The United States must continue to oper-ate and conduct operations in Yemen to counter the threats from AQAP, but we cannot do it alone. A few months ago, the UAE and the U.S. teamed up with local Yemeni forces to target AQAP militants. This is another positive sign in the region where we can partner with our Gulf partners to fight extremist elements jointly. These operations are essential to protecting our national security in-terests and to help bring regional sta-bility in the region. While a lot of the focus is tradition-ally put on Hezbollah and Hamas in the region, we cannot forget about the dan-gerous malign and illicit activities that Iran is undertaking through its proxy in Yemen, the Houthis. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), who has been a real advocate and champion for the War Powers Act in this institution. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia for yielding me the time and for his leadership to bring before this House the critical issue of U.S. policy towards Yemen. Most importantly, I want to thank him for his determination to provide this House with at least 30 minutes to debate the complicity of the United States through its support of the Saudi-led forces in the civil war in Yemen in one of the greatest humani-tarian crises taking place on this plan-et. I personally believe that the House should be considering Mr. K
HANNA ’s original resolution, H. Con. Res. 81, but Republican leaders made that impos-sible by threatening to put forward a rule that would have blocked the right of Congressman K
HANNA to ever call his privileged resolution up for debate. Mr. Speaker, according to the United Nations, Yemen is suffering the fastest growing cholera epidemic ever re-corded. At the same time, Yemen faces the world’s biggest food emergency. Saudi Arabia has blocked Yemen’s ports and airports. Just last week, it sealed the country’s borders. As a re-sult, the people of Yemen have been cut off from nearly all humanitarian aid during this horrific famine and cholera epidemic, and the ability of hu-manitarian agencies to provide relief has been significantly impeded. The U.N. has called the Saudi closure of Yemen’s borders to aid deliveries catastrophic. Even the International Committee of the Red Cross was forbid-den to cross the northern border with a delivery of chlorine tablets to prevent cholera. We learned today from the Saudis that two smaller southern ports and one Red Sea port will be open soon, al-though we don’t know what that means, but the main port, where over 80 percent of Yemen’s food supplies enter, will remain blockaded and closed. Mr. Speaker, it is well documented that the Saudi-led coalition and Saudi forces, in particular, have carried out a ruthless, brutal bombing campaign that deliberately targets hospitals, schools, food markets, and civilian population, including children. The World Food Programme has warned that hundreds of thousands of children will be on the brink of starvation if the blockade lasts for even 2 weeks. That deadline of death and starva-tion will arrive next Tuesday, just 2 days before we, here in the United States, sit down to enjoy our Thanks-giving with our family, friends, and loved ones. Will the Members of this House spare a thought for the children, mothers, and fathers of Yemen as we sit down and feast in the warmth and comfort of our own homes? Or will this Congress finally, after more than 21⁄2years of sheer horror, send a clear message to Saudi Arabia that its actions are intol-erable? Mr. Speaker, Saudi Arabia’s actions, thus far, and the coalition it leads in the Yemen civil war may very well rise to the level of war crimes and crimes against humanity, according to the United Nations. It is past time for this House to clearly and unambiguously declare that the United States will no longer provide or sell military aid, equipment, and munitions to potential war crimi-nals; that the United States will no longer supply midair refueling to Saudi and coalition bombers headed to Yemen to wreak havoc on the suffering Yemeni people; that the U.S. will no longer share intelligence with the Saudi coalition; and that we will no longer remain a complicit and passive partner in carrying out one of the world’s greatest humanitarian crises. Mr. Speaker, I know the Houthi rebels attempting to take power in Yemen are also guilty of war crimes. Last November, the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission held a hear-ing on the human rights situation and humanitarian crisis in Yemen, so I know full well the atrocities com-mitted by all parties in this war. Mr. Speaker, Yemen is just one more proxy in the region of religious and po-litical struggle for dominance between Sunnis, Saudi Arabia, and Shiite Iran. For some in Congress, that power struggle trumps every other consider-ation. For me, it is yet another reason to act with extreme caution and examine whether and how we allow ourselves to support potential war criminals in pur-suit of consolidating their own regional agenda and power. I am concerned that this power struggle is escalating further through-out the region. Rather than the U.S. policy working to cool things down, we seem to be encouraging it to heat up. I, for one, Mr. Speaker, do not want the United States to be complicit in supporting the killing and maiming of children. I do not want the United States to be complicit in the deliberate targeting and attacks against schools, hospitals, markets, and homes. I do not want the United States to be complicit in bombing water treatment plants at any time, let alone in the middle of the worst cholera epidemic in the world. I do not want the United States to be complicit in supporting a blockade that condemns tens of thousands of children to famine and death by starva-tion. Once again, I thank Congressman R
O K
HANNA and my other colleagues who have supported this effort to have this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.026 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9152 November 13, 2017 
debate. I want to thank them for their leadership on this important issue, but this is serious. Mr. Speaker, I include in the record a Washington Post, November 9, 2017, editorial, and an article from The Guardian. 
[From the Washington Post—Editorial, Nov. 9, 2017] T
HECRISIS IN YEMEN  Saudi Arabia’s blockade could trigger a full-blown famine. Saudi Arabia has charged that a missile launched from Yemen toward Riyadh’s inter-national airport on Saturday was supplied by Iran and assembled by Tehran’s Lebanese cli-ent, Hezbollah. It says this could be consid-ered ‘‘an act of war’’ and claims the right to ‘‘respond to Iran in the appropriate time and manner.’’ Yet the only action taken so far by the de facto Saudi ruler, Mohammed bin Salman, has been to besiege some of the world’s most desperate people—the cholera- stricken and literally famished civilian pop-ulation of Yemen. The press of multiple international crises and President Trump’s monopolization of media attention have helped obscure the se-verity of the humanitarian emergency in Yemen, a poor country of 28 million that has been devastated by civil war and a Saudi-led military intervention. According to the United Nations, it is suffering the fastest- growing cholera epidemic ever recorded, with about 895,000 cases and nearly 2,200 deaths since April. At the same time, it is facing the world’s biggest food emergency, with 7 million people requiring urgent assist-ance. Children have been disproportionately af-flicted. According to U.N. figures, 27 percent of the cholera victims are under the age of 5. Officials estimate that Juvenile cholera cases will reach 600,000 by the end of the year. Meanwhile, hunger has left half of chil-dren under 5 stunted, and 2.2 million are af-fected by either moderate or severe mal-nutrition. Saudi Arabia bears heavy responsibility for this suffering. For 2
1⁄2years, it has pursued a ruthless but unwinnable war against ethnic Houthis who have captured much of the country, including the capital, Sanaa, and the largest port, Hodeida. Bombing raids have repeatedly struck hospitals and food markets. Worse, in the name of preventing Iran from delivering weapons to the Houthis, the Saudis and their allies have blockaded the country by sea and air, closing Sanaa’s airport to commercial traffic and slowing food imports at Hodeida. Now, in reaction to the missile firing, the Saudis have announced a more thorough clo-sure of ‘‘all Yemeni ground, air and sea ports.’’ Though a government statement said it would take ‘‘into consideration the con-tinuation of the entry and exit’’ of humani-tarian supplies and aid workers, UN. officials say that aid flights have been blocked. The World Food Program warned that hundreds of thousands of children would be ‘‘on the brink of starvation’’ if the blockade lasted even for two weeks. Saudi officials say the siege is meant to prevent what they claim was the smuggling of missile parts into Yemen from Iran. It has offered no proof of the rocket’s origin, and experts point out that Yemen is known to have imported Scud missiles from North Korea before the war. In any case, the block-ade will not deter either Iran or the Houthis, but it could trigger a full-blown famine among innocent children. The Trump admin-istration, which has blithely backed Crown Prince Salman in his reckless adventures, should consider the cost. [From the Guardian, Nov. 7, 2017] CLOSURE OF YEMEN ’SBORDERS TOAID D
ELIVERIES IS ‘CATASTROPHIC ’, UN W ARNS  (By Karen McVeigh) After Saudi-led coalition seals stricken country’s borders, aid agencies caution that deliveries of food and medicine are critical for population’s survival. Humanitarian groups and the UN have urged the Saudi-led coalition to reopen aid channels into Yemen, after a decision to seal the stricken country’s air, sea and land bor-ders. The UN described the closure of aid chan-nels as ‘‘catastrophic’’. Food, medicine and other essential supplies are ‘‘critical for the survival’’ of the country’s 27 million popu-lation, weakened by war, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) added. Yemen is in the grip of the world’s worst cholera outbreak and 7 million people are al-ready on the brink of famine. The coalition said on Monday it would close the borders to stem the flow of arms from Iran, after it intercepted a missile at-tack by Houthi rebels near the international airport in Riyadh, the Saudi capital. Iran has denied supplying the missiles. Humani-tarian operations, including UN aid flights, are blocked because the air and sea ports, in-cluding Hodeidah, where most aid is deliv-ered, are closed. The UN reported it was not permitted flight clearance for two humanitarian flights bound for Yemen on Monday. A Red Cross shipment of chlorine tablets, to prevent cholera, was not allowed in at the country’s northern border, the ICRC said. Medical sup-plies, including insulin, are expected. Yemen has been named the UN’s number one humanitarian crisis. ‘‘We hear reports this morning that prices of cooking gas and petrol for cars and so on [are] already spiralling out of control,’’ Jens Laerke, from the UN office for the Co-ordi-nation of Humanitarian Affairs, told a news briefing. ‘‘So this is an access problem of co-lossal dimensions?’ Johan Mooij, Yemen director of Care Inter-national, said: ‘‘For the last two days, noth-ing has got in or out of the country. Fuel prices have gone up by 50% and there are queues at the gas stations. People fear no more fuel will come into Hodeidah port.’’ He explained that food insecurity was help-ing cholera to spread. ‘‘People depend on the humanitarian aid and part of the cholera issue [is] that they do not eat and are not strong enough to deal with unclean water?’ There have also been ‘‘daily airstrikes’’ in Sana’a, he said, adding: ‘‘People fear the sit-uation is escalating.’’ Robert Mardini, ICRC’s regional director for the near and Middle East, said: ‘‘Insulin cannot wait at a shuttered border since it must be kept refrigerated. Without a quick solution to the closure, the humanitarian consequences will be dire.’’ Mardini said he was also concerned at the ‘‘steadily growing’’ number of civilian cas-ualties and the targeting of non-military in-frastructure, such as water treatment plants and civilian airports. ‘‘Such actions are in violation of international humanitarian law,’’ he said. The war is between the Houthi rebels, who are allied with former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, and forces loyal to another president, Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, who was ousted by the Houthis. Saudi Arabia has led a military intervention since 2015 to counter the ad-vance of the Houthis, and aims to reinstate Hadi. Both the coalition and rebels have been criticised by the UN for blocking aid to civil-ians. Rupert Colville, a spokesman from the UN high commissioner for human rights, told Reuters the agency would study whether the blockade amounted to ‘‘collective punish-ment’’, unlawful under international law, and said he hoped it would be temporary. The agency has expressed concern over a series of recent attacks on markets and homes that have killed scores of civilians, including children. Last month, the UN put the coalition on a draft of its blacklist for killing and maiming 683 children during the conflict in 2016 and for carrying out 38 verified attacks on schools and hospitals. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the purpose of this reso-lution is to pressure the Saudis to take those steps to reopen access to those ports. That is what we are doing. We need to be talking about the other aspect of what we are also trying to do here, and that is to try to get the Houthis to respond to the actions taken by the U.N. and to try to get the Houthis to lift their impediments that they have put in place. They need to respect the neutrality of aid and stop diverting humanitarian convoys away from those who are in need, as we know from the U.N. that this is the problem. The Houthis, according to the United Nations, need to accept the U.N. plan that would allow for neutral actors to administer the port of Hodeidah so de-liveries of essential food and medicines can resume. Part of our difficulty here is the Houthis are, or have become, under the tutelage here of their Iranian sup-porters. You know, they are a minority in Yemen, but Iran uses them to ex-ploit divisions between Yemeni soci-ety. This is part of the complexity of this. The Houthis’ slogan is derived from Iran’s own anti-U.S. slogans. Their slo-gan, if you listen to them on the broad-cast, is: ‘‘Death to America, Death to Israel, Damn the Jews.’’ Now, they didn’t pick that up on their own. Part of the problem here is the leaders of the Houthi militia were indoctrinated in Qom, in Iran, as part of an Iranian attempt to construct a Hezbollah-like proxy in Yemen. They have done it. What we are trying to do is figure out a way to both convince them to re-open the port under the U.N. auspices here for these deliveries and convince the Saudis and the other members of this coalition that they should cooper-ate on this access as well. This is the attempt of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Home-land Security. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution, ex-pressing the urgent need for a political solution in Yemen. As the civil war in Yemen continues well into its third year, the situation on the ground becomes more dire by the day. Despite multiple international attempts to broker a political agree-ment to end the human suffering, peace remains elusive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.027 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9153 November 13, 2017 
b1730 Meanwhile, al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, also known as AQAP, has taken advantage of this power vacuum created by the conflict. This has al-lowed them to expand into the south-ern and eastern ports of Yemen, where they continue to plot external oper-ations against the United States. Simultaneously—much like in Leb-anon, Syria, and Iraq—Iran continues its campaign of influence in Yemen, where its actions have prolonged the conflict and exacerbated the political and humanitarian nightmare. As highlighted by Secretary Mattis, ‘‘everywhere you look, if there is trou-ble in the region, you find Iran.’’ This is not by coincidence. As Prime Min-ister Netanyahu emphasized to our congressional delegation on a recent trip to Israel, Iran has been working around the clock to solidify its pres-ence across the region through the es-tablishment of a land bridge from Iraq to Lebanon, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Shiite Crescent.’’ Despite a United Nations authorized arms embargo against the Houthi forces, Iran, on multiple occasions, has been caught attempting to smuggle weapons and munitions into the region. They have also provided technical as-sistance to the Houthis—and Saudi Arabia is often their main target. In order to protect the security inter-ests of the Saudi people, the govern-ment in Riyadh has taken defense ac-tions to both limit Iranian support to the Houthis, such as blockades, as well as offensive measures to stem attacks on the kingdom, such as the unsuccess-ful ballistic missile attack on the cap-ital earlier this month. However, while Saudi Arabia has the right to prioritize its security, we cannot dismiss the ef-fects of its actions on the grave hu-manitarian suffering on the ground, where more than 27 million face an un-precedented humanitarian crisis. As such, this resolution rightly high-lights the need for a political solution to this conflict and condemns Iranian activities that undermine peace ef-forts. Furthermore, it calls on all par-ties of the conflict to take additional measures to prevent civilian casualties and increase much-needed humani-tarian access. Lastly, this resolution encourages the international community to join in providing the resources necessary to address this crisis. I commend all those involved. It is a real threat that I see as chairman of Homeland Security every day. I thank the chairman, and the gentleman on the other side of the aisle for bringing this important legislation to the floor. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. N
OLAN ), who has often been a voice for diplomacy on these issues. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, the simple truth is America has no business in-volving itself in this Saudi-led civil war in Yemen. That is why I intro-duced my amendment, which passed the House just last July, declaring that none of the funds in the National De-fense Authorization Act will be used to deploy ground troops in Yemen. But the fact is that the United States is still financially supporting this Saudi-led war, and that is simply wrong for three primary reasons: First, America’s support for this Saudi-led war in Yemen is unauthor-ized. Congress never approved a dec-laration of war in Yemen. Nothing could be more clear in the Constitution of the United States as to who has re-sponsibility for declaring wars. It is not the President. It is the Congress of the United States of America. Right now, we are still financially supporting a Saudi air war and blockade in Yemen—both, acts of war. It is time to put a stop to that. Second, we are supporting this Saudi- led blockade that is causing horrific starvation, disease, and death in Yemen. This blockade has forced more than 7 million people in Yemen to the brink of starvation. It has sparked the world’s largest cholera crisis in re-corded history, and more than 8,000 people in Yemen have been killed and nearly 50,000 injured in airstrikes and fighting on the ground. It is uncon-scionable for us to continue support for this war. And, finally, I can’t say enough, America is already involved in too many endless wars of choice in the Middle East. The President of the United States acknowledged that we have spent $6 trillion just on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and they have acknowledged that we have $2 trillion in expenses going forward taking care of the heroes who served our Nation— lost arms and legs and irreparable dam-age. That is $8 trillion. Think about it. For one of those tril-lion—just one of them—we could have eliminated student debt in America. Think about it. For another one of those trillion, there is our trillion for our infrastructure. Think about it. For another one of those trillion, we could have found a cure for cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer’s, or any one of a number of things. These endless wars of choice, where we have inadvertently been on vir-tually every side of the conflicts one time or another, are so costly in blood and in treasury. It is time to put a stop to spending these trillions on these wars and start reinvesting in America, reinvesting in the American people. Mr. Speaker, the bottom line: Con-gress must stand up and bring an end to American involvement in these cost-ly wars and, now, in Yemen, where we have no authorization and we have no business being involved. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 599 urges a po-litical solution to the war in Yemen, condemns Iranian efforts to fuel the deadly violence, and calls on all parties to the conflict to increase efforts to adopt all necessary and appropriate measures to prevent civilian casualties and to increase humanitarian accesses. Events of the past week demonstrate the urgency of resolving this perilous conflict. On Saturday, November 4, Ira-nian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen fired an Iranian-made ballistic missile at Saudi Arabia’s capital. By Monday, Riyadh, in the midst of a massive pal-ace shakeup, described the attack as an ‘‘act of war’’ by Iran and ordered all Yemen’s land, sea, and air ports of entry closed. Saudi Arabia said the port closures were necessary to prevent Iran from continuing to arm the Houthis, but the move also spelled dire consequences for Yemen’s civilian population, suffering under its third year of punishing war-time conditions. In a country where nearly 70 percent of the population needs some form of humanitarian or protection assistance, port closures have the distinct look of collective punishment. Although Saudi Arabia, this morn-ing, announced it would begin lifting the restrictions, this dramatic se-quence of events underscores the po-tential this war has on any given hour or day to explode into a regional con-frontation and even greater humani-tarian catastrophe. From the regional perspective, Yemen remains a critical foothold for Iranian influence on the southern flank of the Middle East. The conflict there allows the Iranian regime to cynically sow instability that redounds to its own benefit and that of other avowed enemies of the United States and our allies. Gaps in governance around the region have served as an entryway for Iranian influence, most notably in Syria and Iraq, where Iran and Hezbollah leveraged the emergence of ISIS and al-Qaida to extend their influ-ence. Tehran is playing in a similar game in Yemen, where its campaign to un-dermine the country’s government has benefited Iran-aligned Houthi militias; al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP; and Yemen’s ISIS affiliate. From the humanitarian perspective, Mr. Speaker, the ongoing costs of the war are absolutely catastrophic. In late September, the ICRC, International Committee of the Red Cross, warned that Yemen’s cholera outbreak is ex-ploding. It is now at 750,000, and could reach 1 million by the end of this year. In July, the WHO called Yemen’s chol-era outbreak the worst in the world. In March of last year, Mr. Speaker, I chaired a congressional hearing on ‘‘The Growing Threat of Cholera and Other Diseases in the Middle East.’’ At that time, we focused especially on the outbreak in Iran and Syria brought about by the collapse of the healthcare sectors and sanitation infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.029 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9154 November 13, 2017 
Today, that epidemic now is in Yemen, and it has overtaken even Iraq and Syria. I appreciate the resolution. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ), who is a constitu-tional law professor. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, what is unfolding in Yemen today is the larg-est humanitarian crisis in the world. The war in Yemen has already claimed more than 10,000 civilian lives, accord-ing to the U.N. With this gruesome death toll as a backdrop, the UN is now warning that Yemen is facing the largest famine that the world has seen in many dec-ades. According to Matthew Nims, the acting director of USAID’s Food for Peace Program, who testified before Congress, famine is on the agenda now because the Saudi-led military cam-paign in Yemen is ‘‘using hunger as a weapon of war.’’ Using hunger as a weapon of war, as a way to assault and destroy the civil-ian population, is completely in dis-regard of the laws of war. That weapon is proving to be brutally effective. More than 7 million Yemenis are food insecure tonight, which is a polite way of saying that they are on the brink of starving to death. As we speak, more than two out of three Yemenis have no idea where their next meal will come from. Meanwhile, the Saudi-imposed mili-tary blockade against Yemen and the deliberate targeting in Yemen of water and sewage systems, along with hos-pitals and schools, have engendered, in that country, the largest civilian chol-era crisis in recorded human history. More than 900,000 people are suffering from a massive outbreak of cholera, a bacterial disease that causes severe and painful diarrhea and dehydration, and which has already killed more than 2,000 women, men, and children. The U.S. must act to save the people of Yemen. We are implicated because we have been refueling Saudi and UAE bombers and offering weapons, intel-ligence, and logistical support to the Saudi military campaign, despite the fact that Congress has never declared war or authorized military operations there. We must do everything in our power to end the blockade on humani-tarian assistance and to reopen the pipeline of critical supplies, food, water, and medicine to the Yemeni population. Congress has never authorized U.S. involvement in the Saudi-led war. I could understand that happening in Saudi Arabia itself, where there is no constitution and where the oil mon-archy governs according to Sharia law and promotes Wahhabist extremism all over the world, but this is America, and we have been enabling a brutal war which has driven millions of people to the point of starvation without any declaration of war or explicit legal au-thorization. The U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator now says this is the greatest humani-tarian crisis since 1945, and hundreds of thousands or millions of people may die if the blockade is not lifted. While we celebrate Thanksgiving, mass star-vation may have overtaken Yemen, yet the blockade is still very much in force. We must do everything in our power to speed humanitarian assistance to the civilian population, to work to-wards a diplomatic solution in Yemen, to stop the atrocities on all sides, and to bring real peace to the region. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY ), vice chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 599, seeking a political solution in Yemen and putting pressure on Iran to stop their nefarious activities there. I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Mr. K
HANNA for bringing this to the floor today. Like Hezbollah and Syria, these Houthi rebels are just another Iranian proxy, nurturing Iranian hegemonic ambitions in the region which continue to destabilize the Middle East and im-pede our efforts to reinforce the his-toric Sunni balance of power. A few thousand Houthis—a distinct minority—are trying to subjugate 27 million Yemenis. Iran supported the Houthis’ over-throw of the elected President. They continue to export weapons to Yemen, including rockets and ballistic mis-siles. Some of these things involve antiship weapons and sea mines, which could threaten our own U.S. Navy. Houthi rebels have directly attacked Saudi Arabia’s property, further esca-lating the tensions and bringing us to the brink of a broader conflict in the area. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this important resolution to the floor. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and I thank Mr. E
NGEL for his leadership on this resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. K
HANNA  for his leadership. I think it is impor-tant that our new Members come here and really make a difference for these important events all around the world, so I thank him. b1745 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure that shines a light on the car-nage and suffering that has defined the conflict in Yemen. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Mr. K
HANNA , who has shown real lead-ership on this issue. He understands the critical role Congress has to play in our foreign policy and why it is so im-portant that this body take the time to talk about the civil war in Yemen and America’s involvement. The United States wields tremendous power, diplo-matic, military, and developmental, and we have an obligation to debate how those tools are used. We have heard about Saudi and Ira-nian involvement in the civil war in Yemen. Sadly, Yemenis are caught in the crossfire. The devastation of Yem-en’s infrastructure has led to 900,000 cholera cases. At least one Yemeni child dies every 10 minutes, on average, from malnutrition, diarrhea, or res-piratory tract infections. Last week, the Saudis intercepted a missile targeting Riyadh. In response, the Saudi-led coalition closed all Yem-eni ports of entry. Since last week, no humanitarian assistance has been al-lowed to enter Yemen. Fuel shortages are limiting access for USAID partners at a time when more than 75 percent of Yemenis require some level of assist-ance, including 6.8 million people en-tirely reliant on food aid. The people of Yemen are facing a very dire situation. Let’s be clear, neither military ac-tion nor food aid will solve the conflict in Yemen. A political solution is essen-tial for moving Yemen towards sta-bility. That will require some com-promise, an exit strategy for the Yem-eni Government’s Gulf partners, and a real commitment by the international community to prevent Iranian weapons from getting into Yemen. So what does all this mean for Amer-ica’s role? As this resolution notes, the United States provides midair refueling for the Saudi-led coalition and partici-pates in intelligence cooperation. Today’s debate reminds us that the United States is engaged with partners around the world under a range of au-thorities. Some of these activities are covered by a current Authorization for Use of Military Force—AUMF—some are not. In my view, we should have more clarity about the way we use American military might not just in Yemen, but around the world. After all, it is Con-gress’ responsibility to declare war or to limit a President’s authority to wage war when necessary. I have said for years that we should sunset the 2001 AUMF. We voted then to give the President authorization to go after the people and groups that at-tacked on 9/11. We never intended it to be a blank check. Today, we face new threats, threats unrelated to the ter-rorists who attacked my hometown, New York City, on September 11. We owe it to our men and women in uniform to have a thorough and honest debate before we send them into harm’s way, to stand in this body and say ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ before we ask them to put their lives on the line. This measure helps to move that de-bate forward. I am glad to support it, and I urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. K
HANNA for his leadership. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.030 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9155 November 13, 2017 
from Ohio (Mr. C HABOT ), a senior mem-ber on the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, as former chairman of the Foreign Affairs’ Sub-committee on the Middle East and hav-ing traveled to Yemen myself a couple years ago, I rise in support of H. Res. 599, a resolution that calls for an end to the conflict in Yemen and denounces the targeting of innocent civilians and the use of civilians as human shields. It has become painfully evident that Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard continues to transfer increasingly so-phisticated weapons systems to the Houthis in Yemen. These weapons are now being used to target civilians as well as one of our regional allies, Saudi Arabia. There is an urgent need for a polit-ical solution in Yemen, with growing famine, 500,000 new cholera cases, and the death of 10,000 Yemeni civilians since 2015. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill and I urge my colleagues to join in condemning Iranian activities in Yemen. I call on our global partners to take appropriate measures against the Government of Iran, including the ban-ning of Iran’s weapons to the Houthis, and condemning targeting of civilians. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank again Chairman R
OYCE for working with us to get to this resolution. I want to acknowledge people on my own staff: Geo Saba, who really led the efforts with Keane Bhatt from the Pro-gressive Caucus; Chris Schloesser and Pete Spiro. I also want to recognize Mira Resnick and Mark Iozzi, who real-ly helped with the language; of course, most of all, the peace groups who brought this important cause to the Congress. I know there is some disappointment in wanting to go further, and people are very sincere in wanting to help ci-vilians who literally face famine and cholera, but I believe democracy is a messy and a long process. There are, as I mentioned earlier, 435 Members from different parts of the country. I think today we have shown good faith in taking this step forward, in highlighting the issue, in calling for humanitarian assistance, in making sure that we curtail our support for Saudi bombing. I am confident that with the contin-ued involvement of everyone in this body, we will ultimately uphold our values and human rights, which every person in this Chamber cares about. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, part of the complexity here in this tragedy is that Iran does want to turn the Houthis into a Yem-eni version of Hezbollah, thereby turn-ing Yemen into a second Lebanon, where a militia is constantly holding the government hostage. We do face a challenge here in the sense that they are firing Iranian mis-siles on a regular basis into Saudi Ara-bia, at cities across Saudi Arabia, in-cluding firing on Riyadh, the capital. Now, we have not committed Amer-ican forces to fight against the Houthi rebels in Yemen, and I do not believe the American people want us to. We should not. Our main involvement has been in the form of humanitarian as-sistance and our longstanding pre-existing security relationships with re-gional partners, including Saudi Ara-bia, UAE, and Gulf Cooperation Coun-cil. I don’t disagree that we must push them to improve their operations to better avoid civilian casualties and hu-manitarian harm, but it is a dangerous delusion to think that distancing our-selves from those security relation-ships would serve the cause of peace and security in Yemen and the region. It would do the opposite. House Resolution 599, in my opinion, is a very responsible reaction to the ongoing crisis, but it expresses the ur-gent need for a political solution in Yemen, calls on all parties to prevent civilian casualties and promote hu-manitarian access, and condemns Iran for its continuing destabilizing activi-ties in Yemen in violation of the U.N. Security Council. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. K HANNA for this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, the resolution rightfully expresses the urgent need for a peaceful resolution to the conflict in Yemen, which remains a stain of the conscience of the world. The resolution condemns violations of inter-national law and specifically denounces those actions taken by Iran that are illegal. Saudi Arabia should also be subjected to that judge-ment. When the resolution ‘‘denounces the con-duct of activities in Yemen and areas affected by the conflict that are, directly or indirectly, in-consistent with the laws of armed conflict, in-cluding the deliberate targeting of civilian pop-ulations or the use of civilians as human shields’’ and ‘‘calls on all parties to the conflict to allow for unobstructed access for humani-tarian organizations, human rights investiga-tors, medical relief personnel, and journalists,’’ those calls should apply both to the Iranians and to the Saudis. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to the order of the House of Wednesday, November 1, 2017, the pre-vious question is ordered on the resolu-tion. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 54 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1831 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) at 6 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Adopting H. Res. 599; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 3071; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE WITH RESPECT TO UNITED STATES POLICY TO-WARDS YEMEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the resolution (H. Res. 599) ex-pressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives with respect to United States policy towards Yemen, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 366, nays 30, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 35, as follows: 
[Roll No. 623] YEAS—366 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.032 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9156 November 13, 2017 
Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—30 
Amash Bass Biggs Cheney Clarke (NY) Davidson Doggett Duncan (TN) Ellison Gabbard Gosar Griffith Harris Hunter Jayapal Jones Jordan Kinzinger Lee Massie Perry Raskin Rothfus Sanford Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Taylor Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Johnson (GA) 
NOT VOTING—35 
Blackburn Blum Bridenstine Davis, Danny Delaney Dent DeSantis Franks (AZ) Gohmert Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Huffman Johnson, Sam Labrador Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Maloney, Sean Meng O’Rourke Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Renacci Richmond Rohrabacher Rush Sires Stewart Tiberi Trott Tsongas Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine 
b1858 Messrs. PERRY, GOSAR, Mses. CLARKE of New York, BASS, Messrs. SMITH of Washington, ELLISON, ROTHFUS, RASKIN, and DOGGETT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. BABIN, GARAMENDI, Mses. D
ELAURO and SCHAKOWSKY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘present.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 623. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 9, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a scanned copy of a letter received from the Honorable Spencer J. Cox, Lieutenant Governor, the State of Utah, in-dicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held Novem-ber 7, 2017, the Honorable John Curtis was elected Representative to Congress for the Third Congressional District of Utah. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. Enclosure. STATE OF UTAH, O
FFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR , Salt Lake City, UT, November 9, 2017. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the unofficial results of the Special Election held on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, for Rep-resentative in Congress from the Third Con-gressional District of Utah, show that John Curtis received 71,715 or 57.87% of the total number of votes cast for that office. It would appear from these unofficial re-sults that John Curtis was elected as Rep-resentative in Congress from the Third Con-gressional District of Utah. To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no contest to this elec-tion. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an of-ficial Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law. Sincerely, S
PENCER J. C OX, Utah Lieutenant Governor. 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE JOHN R. CURTIS, OF UTAH, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. Curtis) be per-mitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-tive-elect and the members of the Utah delegation present themselves in the well. All Members will rise and the Rep-resentative-elect will please raise his right hand. Mr. CURTIS appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Con-gress. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE JOHN CURTIS TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I hope you realize you just swore in an-other vote for sage grouse. Utah, for too long, has been at 75 per-cent. We are now united at a full 100 percent, which means, Mr. A
MODEI , be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.012 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9157 November 13, 2017 
careful: we are going to reannex east-ern Nevada. Mr. C
URTIS comes here with a back-ground of being mayor of Provo City, so he understands local government. He is going to be a fine addition to our body. I look forward to it. As he has taken the place of Jason Chaffetz, he is going to be in Mr. Chaffetz’s office. I just want you to know, as you are getting settled in and before you find your proper bed, I think I can get you a good deal on a used cot. I am pleased to yield to the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ), our new Representative. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, as a Mem-ber of Congress, I would like the very first part of my service to be to intro-duce my wife of 35 years, Sue Curtis. Sue has some political blood in her. You may be interested to know that her great-grandmother was the first woman legislator in the State of Utah. It gets better. She won that office by defeating her husband. Sue and I are pleased to have six beautiful children, who are all here with us this evening. We are grateful for our six children and their spouses. Three of our 5
1⁄2grandchildren are here. My siblings and many good friends are here. I thank them for being here to-night with me. The second thing I would like to do is pause and thank the residents of Utah’s Third Congressional District for trusting me and sending me here to be with you. I am honored and humbled. Like your constituents, these good people love America. They have very high expectations of me and of us. I want to repledge my willingness and desire to serve them with all of my heart. I am excited to get to know each and every one of you, and I am looking for-ward to working with you. My brief in-troductions to some of you have been so positive. Everyone has been so ex-tremely helpful. Thank you, and I look forward to working with each and every one of you. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath of office to the gen-tleman from Utah, the whole number of the House is 434. 
f 
FEDERAL ACQUISITION SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3071) to require executive agencies to consider equipment rental in any cost- effectiveness analysis for equipment acquisition, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 396, nays 0, not voting 37, as follows: 
[Roll No. 624] YEAS—396 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—37 
Blackburn Blum Bridenstine Clay Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney Dent DeSantis Franks (AZ) Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Higgins (LA) Huffman Johnson, Sam Labrador Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack O’Rourke Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Renacci Richmond Rohrabacher Rush Sires Stewart Tiberi Trott Tsongas Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Wittman 
b1914 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 220, nays 165, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 46, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.038 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9158 November 13, 2017 
[Roll No. 625] YEAS—220 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Green, Al Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hultgren Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Jones Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Posey Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Taylor Thornberry Titus Torres Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—165 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Espaillat Esty (CT) Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lewis (GA) LoBiondo Lofgren Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Tonko 
NOT VOTING—46 
Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Bridenstine Clay Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney Dent DeSantis Franks (AZ) Gohmert Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hartzler Huffman Johnson, Sam Labrador Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack O’Rourke Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Quigley Reichert Renacci Richmond Rohrabacher Rush Shuster Sires Stewart Takano Tiberi Trott Tsongas Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1920 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL FOGELBERG (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Paul Fogelberg from Orono, Minnesota, on receiving the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Dis-ease’s RareVoice Abbey Award from the EveryLife Foundation. No one, Mr. Speaker, deserves this recognition more than Paul because of his tireless work on behalf of those suf-fering from pulmonary fibrosis, a dis-ease that stiffens and scars the deep tissue in the lungs, making it increas-ingly difficult to breath until eventu-ally you die. Every year, more than 14,000 people die from the disease, essentially the same number of people who die from breast cancer. Paul himself has pulmonary fibrosis and is a strong advocate for research, for awareness, and for more clinical trials to help those who have con-tracted this deadly disease. There is no known cure for pulmonary fibrosis, yet Paul is a fighter, a leader, and a great advocate who is doing all he can to find one. Congratulations again to Paul Fogelberg for being recognized as the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Dis-ease’s RareVoice Abbey Award. f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co- chair of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, I rise in recognition of National Apprenticeship Week. Apprenticeships, Mr. Speaker, pro-vide valuable industry-driven job train-ing for students of all ages, preparing them for careers in high-skilled, high- demand fields. They are a proven work-force development tool that is crucial to meeting the demands of skilled trades, healthcare, and IT businesses, among many others, all of which cur-rently face a significant shortage of qualified workers. Now, this summer, the House passed the Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act with strong bipartisan support, which promotes work-based learning as a key component of CTE programs. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol tout the value of apprenticeships. Now, Mr. Speaker, it is so important that we back our words with action by passing the Strengthening CTE Act into law and providing robust funding for ap-prenticeship programs across the Na-tion. It is the right thing to do for our young people. It is the right thing to do for our workforce. It is the right thing to do for our Nation. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF HANK YEAGLEY ON 20 YEARS OF SERVICE TO CPI (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hank Yeagley on 20 years of service to the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology. Hank began his service as chair-person of CPI’s Joint Operating Com-mittee in December of 1997. Serving 20 consecutive years at the helm, he will retire next month. Friends and col-leagues will gather this week to cele-brate Hank’s years of dedication. Under Hank’s leadership, enrollment in CPI’s secondary career and technical education programs have grown signifi-cantly. CPI became an approved and accredited Associate in Specialized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.018 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9159 November 13, 2017 
Technology degree-granting institu-tion. CPI is recognized throughout Penn-sylvania as a premier provider of post-secondary career and technical edu-cation programs. Scores of students in the Commonwealth have earned a ca-reer in technical education thanks to Hank’s vision to grow CPI into the in-stitution it is today. Mr. Speaker, there has been no great-er champion for CPI than Hank Yeagley for the past two decades, earn-ing him the title of Mr. CPI among fac-ulty, staff, administrators, as well as past and present students alike. I wholeheartedly congratulate Hank Yeagley on a well deserved retirement and wish him the best. 
f 
DEFEAT THE TAX REFORM PLAN (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, the tax plan that has been proposed by the House Republican leadership fails to support working families while making them foot a $1.5 trillion bill. Nonpartisan research projects that this legislation would raise taxes on 38 million hardworking Americans. The impact would be far and wide as the tax plan would end deductions for sen-iors facing growing medical expenses, young adults working to shrink their student debt, and families paying State income and sales taxes. This legislation would also have enormously damaging economic con-sequences as it would leave our chil-dren to pay off its $1.5 trillion price tag. We need tax reform that puts working families first, but this clearly isn’t it. For the sake of our economy, seniors, students, and working families, as well as the middle class, we must defeat this bill. 
f 
STUDENTS GAIN ESSENTIAL SKILLS IN A GLOBAL AND INTERCONNECTED MARKET-PLACE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask for my colleagues’ support for the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act, which I intro-duced along with my good friend, Con-gresswoman C
HERI BUSTOS . As a former Florida certified teacher, I know that education is the key to unlocking long-lasting and positive change in all of our communities. But in today’s interconnected world, stu-dents must gain foreign language skills and the ability to learn from other cul-tures. Study abroad programs are an excel-lent way to learn these essential skills. However, Mr. Speaker, the ability to study abroad remains just a dream for rural, minority, and first-generation college students. CHERI BUSTOS and I filed this bill to address this problem by establishing a competitive grant program that will allow universities to provide low-in-come and other underrepresented un-dergraduates with the means to be able to study abroad. Mr. Speaker, the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act is a com-monsense bill that will help our stu-dents gain essential skills and empower them to thrive in a global and inter-connected marketplace, and I thank my friend, Congresswoman B
USTOS , for allowing me to enter this bill with her. 
f 
HELP PREPARE OUR STUDENTS TO CHANGE THE WORLD (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to introduce the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act with my colleague and my friend from across the aisle, Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . Paul Simon was a five-term Con-gressman and two-term Senator from my home State of Illinois. Like me, he believed in bipartisan solutions. In fact, as a Democrat, Paul Simon served as Lieutenant Governor of Illinois under Republican Governor Richard Ogilvie—the only time in modern his-tory that Illinois has elected a Gov-ernor and a Lieutenant Governor from different parties. Paul Simon believed in a government that helps people and encouraged Con-gress to work together to prepare the next generation with the knowledge re-quired to succeed in an increasingly global world. Our bill would establish a competi-tive grant program and Paul Simon’s name to help do just that. The program would increase opportu-nities for college students to study abroad, especially students who don’t get to do so, like so many of the rural and community college students in my district. Paul Simon once said: Some of us still think we can change the world. I am proud to introduce a bipartisan bill with Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN to help prepare our students to change the world. 
f 
b1930 RECOGNIZING WINFIELD SCOTT ‘‘BUD’’ JONES (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Winfield Scott Jones, affectionately known as Bud, a respected constituent of the 22nd Con-gressional District, who dedicated his life to improving our community. After graduating from Syracuse Uni-versity in 1963, Bud Jones worked as a physical education teacher at Pulaski High School for 33 years. During his tenure, Bud also served as the track and field coach and the basketball coach. Bud was named New York State Coach of the Year and was inducted into the Central New York High School Basketball Hall of Fame. Bud Jones was a shining example of the tremendous impact that one indi-vidual can have on an entire commu-nity. He was a gracious leader and a positive influence on the young men and women he taught and coached, al-ways motivating them to strive for ex-cellence. Winfield Scott Jones, affectionately known by all of us as Bud, passed away peacefully on November 4, 2017. It is with sadness that we mourn his pass-ing, and we extend our condolences to his beloved family. We know that his spirit will live on in all those who had the privilege of knowing him. Our community is for-ever grateful for his service and pro-found impact on all of us. f 
AMERICAN EDUCATION WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, this week is American Education Week, a time to celebrate our public education system. The public education system is one of this Nation’s greatest accomplish-ments. In classrooms from Newark, New Jersey, to Nome, Alaska, public schools train a new generation of world leaders, bridge builders, first respond-ers, artists, doctors, plumbers, and CEOs. Children in this country—all of them—have a right to a high-quality education. It is a sad state of affairs that we have a U.S. Secretary of Education who continues to tilt the board against children whose way up is through pub-lic education. During American Education Week, I call on my colleagues to stop using public schools as a political bargaining chip. Let’s put public schools back to-gether and back to work for the next generation of leaders. 
f 
TAX BILL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, many times, the American people won-der about the correlation between the work that we do here. As a member of the Budget Committee, I can tell them that the tax bill that is about to move through this House—the Republican Trump tax bill—will bring about $1.41 trillion in revenue decreases in discre-tionary spending, which means cuts in their Medicare and Medicaid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.043 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9160 November 13, 2017 
Why do they want to do this? They want to do this so that they can compound the injury to those who need a mortgage deduction, which will be eliminated for any home that you buy in the future. If you have medical expenses, that will be eliminated. You will not be able to deduct that, whether you are a young family with a catastrophic ill-ness or a senior citizen. Then those of you who are trying to increase your opportunities for the fu-ture—help your children—you will not be able to deduct student loan interest, tuition, and other education expenses. Elections matter, but actions matter. This tax bill is a crippling, devastating bill, and it will create the complete op-posite of what Republicans say they be-lieve in—a huge deficit, with a huge debt, on the backs of the American people. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this tax bill. 
f 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to co-an-chor this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. I also want to take the time to ac-knowledge our chair, the Honorable C
EDRIC RICHMOND from the State of Louisiana. For the next hour, we have a chance to speak directly to the American peo-ple on issues that are important to the Congressional Black Caucus. The issue right now that seems to be of the most importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the constituents that we represent, and the American public, for that matter, is tax reform, and the plan that is being considered that the Speaker has indicated that he would like for us to vote on this week. We have a few Members here who would like to take the time to also ex-press their interest in this. This is a very big deal, obviously. We don’t do tax reform that often. The last time we did tax reform was in the early 1980s, and that was, obviously, something that was very bipartisan. This experi-ence has not been bipartisan whatso-ever, and we are concerned also about the effect that it is going to have on our constituencies. Mr. Speaker, I am going to open it up for Members to talk about whatever it is that they would like to, but I did want to let you know that the main topic was going to be tax reform. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative PAYNE for his participation again and for always participating in the CBC Special Order hours. We know that these are very important. Our constitu-encies, again, want to hear how we stand on these issues. They are getting a lot of press right now. So I thank the gentleman very much for being here this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), my friend and colleague. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman V
EASEY for hosting to-night’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, we are here, as the gen-tleman from Texas has stated, to dis-cuss many different issues that face the American people. H.R. 1, which is interesting that it holds that number, because based on what we see, that tax cut will only work for the top 1 percent, so we feel that it is appropriate that it was des-ignated H.R. 1. Mr. Speaker, this tax bill, cut tax scam will devastate over a period of time the working class, people trying to move into the middle class, and mid-dle class families. Eventually, some people might see a bit of a cut, but for most people, there will be an increase. I do not understand why we continue to think that trickle-down economics is going to work in this country. It has failed time and time again. To give breaks to the most wealthy, somehow we feel that that is going to overflow and trickle and drip down to the mid-dle class. Sometimes a drip is very slow. We continue to wait for this eco-nomic equation to work one time in the country’s history because, up to this point, it has not worked. Why would we not allow families to continue to deduct their interest on student loans? Why? Most of these families are fighting to get their children into college and have to take out loans. What is it about the country that we need to tax those people? Tell me why it is that they cannot deduct this interest. Two of my sisters are teachers, both in education—one in alternative high school work and one a kindergarten teacher for 25 or 30 years. In kinder-garten, you are looking to help a youngster become creative, find their gift. On many occasions, with the school not being able to supply things, they would go to the educational stores and buy flashcards and buy other items to enhance the children’s education, out of their pockets, out of their per-sonal moneys. Now you are going to say that they cannot deduct those expenses that they are using to educate our children, our next leaders? Why? Yet, if you go from a 75-foot yacht to a 100-foot yacht, you are allowed to de-duct the difference. Why? It absolutely makes no sense what we are doing with H.R. 1. It is a billion-aire’s tax scam, and we need to make sure the American people understand that. Secretary Mnuchin was on the talk shows on Sunday. He said: Well, we can’t promise everybody is going to get a tax break. So they are even, finally, being hon-est about it. Mr. Speaker, everybody might not benefit from this tax cut, but all of the people that they are interested in will benefit from this tax cut. We need to be honest with the Amer-ican people. We need true tax reform. My colleagues on this side of the aisle are ready to do that, but the majority continues to stifle any bipartisanship that we can have on this issue. We need to move forward in a posi-tive way for the American people. We need to come together in this body to help the American people. We do not need another tax cut for the rich. In New Jersey—a State that only gets 77 cents back on the money that it pays to the Federal Government—for every dollar, we get 77 cents back in services. So we are subsidizing other States. b1945 I heard today that West Virginia, for every dollar it sends, gets over $4 back. Not to allow New Jersey’s citizens and other subsidizing States—Con-necticut, Maryland, New York—to have the tax break on State and local ex-emptions is almost like double taxing people. I just am here to say that this is an issue that is very important to the American people. They do need relief and they do need help, but we need to do it in a bipartisan manner that makes sense for the entire country— not just the top 1 percent, but the en-tire Nation. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. V
EASEY for his leadership on these Special Order hours. He has demonstrated a gift in bringing issues to the American people and to the country in a manner that is very even-tempered. Some of us get a little excited, but Mr. V
EASEY seems to be able to keep his composure and still be strong in his message, and I applaud him for that. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative P
AYNE very much for speaking this evening on the impor-tance of this tax bill and that we de-bate this and really, again, just keep or constituents informed. Mr. P
AYNE  takes every one seriously, and I know he has tried to participate in as many of these as he can, and I thank him for that—again, the importance of talking about this tax bill, talking about the Republicans’ past attempts at failed trickle-down policies and trying to bring those same policies and put them in this tax reform bill and trying to rush us into a floor vote this week. We should all be working together to try to come up with some sort of bipar-tisan solution, some sort of bipartisan policy position that will be good for ev-eryone, because I can tell you, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.045 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9161 November 13, 2017 
Speaker, that for many of the low-in-come and working class and lower mid-dle class constituents and middle class constituents in the district that I rep-resent, I know that people are going to be hurt. Mr. Speaker, I know Mr. P
AYNE is concerned about that. I know the 49 members of the Congressional Black Caucus are concerned about that. This is very serious, and it could have very long-lasting implications, as has been pointed out by advocacy groups and others from all sides of the political spectrum. It is not just Demo-crats or the Progressive community that is concerned about this. There are a lot of people who are concerned about a variety of the different programs here that are going to be affected. Mr. Speaker, again, I appreciate ev-erything that Mr. P
AYNE brings to this, particularly with him representing New Jersey, because we know that, for that particular part of the country, housing and other goods can sometimes be even more expensive, and it can be a very tough hardship on families. When you add this tax bill to the fold, it makes it even more daunting. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, we have the highest property taxes in the coun-try, and it is really an effort for fami-lies to stay in their homes and pay those property taxes. Any relief they can have along the way helps their quality of life in this country, and that is what we are here striving for, to make sure that everyone can benefit and enjoy the fruits of this country. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, we want to make sure the American Dream doesn’t become the American night-mare while people are trying to figure out how they are going to make their house payment and pay for their house. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
AYNE very much for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the city of Houston, Harris Coun-ty, our country’s fourth largest city, S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. I thank Rep-resentative J
ACKSON LEEfor always participating in these Special Order hours. Mr. Speaker, I know that, in par-ticular, the gentlewoman’s concern is Houston, being such a large part of our State, a large part of our Nation’s cap-ital economy, and the effects of this tax bill. When you start talking about something affecting Houston, with it being the fourth largest city, it can have very consequential effects on our entire State, because their economy is such a big part of what makes Texas go. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gen-tlewoman for being a part of this. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership, his stewardship of these very special ways of communicating to the American people. I just left a meeting on temporary protected status, so I will try to sum-marize my remarks, because I think it is very important to join in the Con-gressional Black Caucus Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. RICHMOND , and my col-league Mr. P
AYNE and my colleague Mr. E
VANS , who will join us in that ef-fort, because this is a way to commu-nicate with our colleagues of the ur-gency of some of these issues. So let me first of all take a moment that really gives me great consterna-tion, great concern, and that is that, as I said in my remarks, while the Presi-dent was out of the country, that I will always wish him safe travels and safe return, but you have to think about how we have turned the corner on the dignity of the Presidency when you have to monitor the tweets or the words that are being said by that Office when they are out of the country. There is one point I have to make, because I am a product of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Barbara Jordan was able to be the first African American from Texas, since Reconstruction, elected to the United States Congress, along with Andy Young from Georgia, after the Voting Rights Act. Mr. Speaker, there was nothing unto-ward. It was just simply allowing one person one vote. Heretofore, in the Deep South and in the Southwest, Afri-can Americans were denied the right to vote by suppression, poll tax, and a number of tactics; but the Voting Rights Act eliminated or prevented, had to have preclearance, any discrimi-natory factor that could be raised that would keep minorities from voting, that one vote, one person. It pains me to read the headlines: ‘‘Trump Says He Believes Putin’s Elec-tion Meddling Denials.’’ I believe that it is important for peo-ple of goodwill, for Members of the United States Congress, to denounce these comments and to ask for the dig-nity of this Office to really put Ameri-cans first and put this Nation first, be-cause that is not what is being done. All of the intelligence agencies, 17 plus, have indicated that not only did they influence, they intruded, they skewed the election. They didn’t just meddle. You cannot ask a former KGB officer to tell you that he didn’t med-dle in our elections. Elections matter. This is no comment on who won or lost. This is a comment on reality. The elections were skewed to one person, and it was confirmed by the intel-ligence agencies, and it is time for the highest Office to speak on behalf of the American people. That brings me right to the Trump tax cuts, the Republican tax cuts. I spoke earlier during 1 minutes to try and correlate between tax cuts and the needs of the American people. These major tax cuts will offer more benefits to corporations, which, by the way, are having their biggest season of profits that we have ever had. They are succeeding beyond imagination. They have not only stock prices going up, but the profits that they are able to stock away are going up. Take that in the backdrop of this tax bill, having to cut and violate the Medicare trust fund and Medicaid in order to find the dollars to be able to give the top 1 percent the greatest tax cut and to give corporations a 20 per-cent tax cut in the United States and a 12 percent tax cut overseas, which, in addition to giving them that money on the corporate rates, which is a reason-able thing to discuss, but by the in-equity of the lower amount being over-seas, you can imagine that jobs are still going to leave and go overseas. This is a tax cut that is made for the basket, if you will, of goodies for the top 1 percent. This is not worrying about working Americans. Let me put into the R
ECORD what you will lose. You will lose the mortgage interest. You will lose the fairness of the child tax credit. You will lose the student loan inter-est, tuition, and other education ex-penses; personal casualty losses; tax preparation costs; medical expenses; alimony payments; moving expenses— which will impact victims of Hurricane Harvey, my constituents in Kashmere Gardens, northeast Houston, Third Ward, Acres Home, the Heights, Jacinto City, places where individuals have been impacted; this moving ex-pense, elimination of that as a deduc-tion, will impact individuals who are trying to restore their lives—and em-ployee business expenses. This bill will hurt the average work-ing American. It is a frightening bill. I would almost like to say it is a bill made near purgatory on the way to you know where. This is a disgusting at-tack on hardworking Americans. I want to also put in the R
ECORD my concern about extending the temporary protected status for Haitians as well as El Salvadorans and a number of other countries that are facing the 6-month deadline that seems to be what has come out of the administration. All of these countries have devasta-tion, and all of these countries are de-serving, if you will, of an extension for the people who are here because they are, in fact, suffering still. Haiti is suf-fering still from the earthquake. El Salvador is suffering. I want to mention one of my con-stituents, Jose, and his wife, who were deported during the horror and the hysteria of the announcement from the administration of: I am going to be hard on deportation. A hardworking family man, a man-ager of a paint store, was deported out of this country back to El Salvador where there is no work, there is no op-portunity, and they are still suffering from the devastation of years past. This is what we are in the midst of. Let me, finally, express, as I indi-cated, my concerns about extending the temporary protected status cer-tainly for Haitians and others. We are working on that as we speak. Then let me come back to Hurricane Harvey. There are about 50,000 people in the hotels. We are still in need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.047 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9162 November 13, 2017 
I am going to close with this. We just experienced Veterans Day. What a pleasure to be able to speak with the many veterans, the Buffalo Soldiers, who celebrated at the down-town celebration, the American Le-gion. The Aldine Mail Route had a pa-rade. Stafford had a parade. Many places had a parade. I want to celebrate our veterans by saying thank you. When I spoke to young people, eighth graders, I told them about the value of joining the United States military, putting on the uniform. Policy does not relate to the value of the men and women who put on the uniform. b2000 I believe that it is certainly of con-cern that we should understand what the needs of the military are. And if this proposal goes forward of giving waivers for individuals with depression, bipolar disorder, getting waivers, let me be very clear, I advocate for the full utilization of people, and those people who have mental health issues. It is very important, as they are re-cruited into the United States mili-tary, that all of the resources needed to have them perform at the fullest of their capacity, we must ensure, as Members of Congress, that that hap-pens. That must be our responsibility because, as we look at our veterans and we see the sacrifice, we see what war means, we have to make sure that we embrace them solidly and respect them and honor them. So I thank the gentleman for allow-ing me to share a few thoughts. I will simply say that the gentleman is abso-lutely right, this tax legislation will be devastating, costly, and hard for the country to dig out of the deepening debt that is going to be created. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus in drawing atten-tion to the Republican Leadership’s latest plan to hurt the American taxpayers, especially those who did not support the President dur-ing the election. The Republican tax cut bill will hurt hos-pitals. The House tax bill would remove tax-ex-empt status of private activity bonds for con-struction of a non-profit facility such as a hos-pital. This could potentially impact a fourth of the rural hospitals in Texas and many urban hos-pitals that may be planning construction or ex-tensive renovation projects in the next few years. Many non-profit hospitals depend on tax ex-empt private-activity bonds (PABs) as a fi-nancing tool. PABs are tax exempt for certain entities, in-cluding qualified 501(c)(3) organizations in-cluding hospital bonds, but under the new tax reform legislation being considered by this body, the tax exemption will be removed. PABs play a critical role in helping not-for- profit hospitals and health systems access low-cost capital. Access to low-cost capital financing allows qualifying entities to keep infrastructure ex-penditures low. This increases the ability for qualifying hos-pitals and health system to use these savings to increase more efficient, more affordable care. Federal tax-exempt financing is part of what continues to help health care providers and hospitals serve our nation and support rural communities. The Texas Organization of Rural & Commu-nity Hospitals opposes removal of tax-exemp-tion for PABs and urges Republicans to stop threatening small and rural hospitals. The Republican Tax plan amends Title 26 of the United States Code 529 that deals with Qualified tuition programs. The Code was intended to encourage per-sons to attain higher education and provide in-centives for persons who pursue doctorates. Most people know that going back to school to obtain a degree is a difficult choice to make with full time jobs and family obligations. Having a degree can substantially increase income and provide choices that would other-wise be unattainable to the recipient of ad-vanced degrees. The benefit to the economy and our nation’s leadership in the sciences rests with the num-ber of people who attain undergraduate and graduate degrees. The Republicans have gone into this section 529 of the tax code and extended the tax write-offs to those sending their children to K– 12 private schools. Other ways the Republican Tax bill hurts tax payers who pursue college educations for themselves or their children. Repeal of Lifetime Learning Credit; Repeal of the Student Loan Interest Deduc-tion; Repeal of the qualified tuition reduction; Repeal of educational assistance program; Termination of private activity bonds; and, Creation of a new excise tax on endow-ments at private colleges and universities. The Republican leadership of the House is also causing problems for private sector in-vestments in Colleges and Universities. The tax bill threatens tax write offs for dona-tions to colleges and universities and will limit tax credits associated with university-industry partnerships. The Republicans claim that their Child Tax Credit proposal would help working families, but it simply does not do enough. The House tax plan proposes a nonrefund-able $600 increase in the Child Tax Credit (CTC), and would make more families earning six figures eligible to claim the CTC. This proposal wouldn’t help the women who need it most. In addition, whatever benefits this CTC pro-posal would provide pales in comparison to those that would be received by the wealthy and corporations under this tax plan. The bill cuts taxes for major corporations who already pay far less than their fair share. Republicans claim that economic growth will more than pay for the lost revenue but we’ve tried this before. When trickle-down economics fails again and this bill explodes the nation’s deficit, Re-publicans will call for huge spending cuts to critical programs that hardworking Americans depend on to make ends meet. The plan’s negative impact on the Lone Star state would be particularly hard. Independent analyses show the Republican plan would actually raise taxes on about 1.5 million Texas households, or 12.4 percent of households next year. On average, families earning up to $86,000 annually would see a $794.00 increase in their tax liability, a significant burden on families struggling to afford child care and balance their checkbook. According to the IRS, 23 percent of tax fil-ers, or 2.8 million Texas households, deduct their state and local taxes with an average de-duction of $7,823 in 2015. The Ryan-McConnell plan eliminates this deduction, which would lower home values and put pressure on states and towns to col-lect revenues they depend on to fund schools, roads, and vital public resources. Placing further strains on middle-class Tex-ans is the elimination of the personal exemp-tion, which deducts $4,050 for each taxpayer and dependent on a return from taxable in-come. In 2015, roughly 9.3 million dependent ex-emptions were claimed in the Lone Star State. The GOP’s reckless and irresponsible tax plan is made all the more obscene by its dis-proportionate and immoral handouts to the wealthiest few. According to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, millionaires in Texas, 0.31 percent of filers in 2015 would receive almost 57 percent of the benefits from the tax plan. Texans deserve a tax plan that puts working and middle class families first, not more def-icit-exploding tax cuts for millionaires and bil-lionaires. We need bipartisan tax reform that creates jobs, fuels economic growth, and puts more money into the pockets of hard-working Amer-ican families. A recent Pew Research Center report found little support for cutting taxes for high-income households, which is defined as more than $250,000 or large businesses and corpora-tions. In fact, 43 percent favored raising taxes on high-income households and 52 percent said corporate taxes should be raised. The Republicans persist with their scheme 
of raising taxes on hard-working middle class families to pay for tax cuts for the rich. It is reckless to explode our deficit which ac-cording to the Tax Policy Center, would sky-rocket by $2.4 trillion over the first decade. The wealthy must pay their fair share, but the GOP tax scheme offers them a free lunch at the expense of those who are most in need of a helping hand. The power of the purse rests with the House of Representatives and it is our job to make sure that the American People are treat-ed fairly. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee, I also rise today to express my strong objection to the announced intention by the Trump Administra-tion not to extend Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for Haiti, Honduras, and El Salvador. On May 24, 2017, the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) redesignated Haiti for 6 months of Temporary Protected Status (TPS), rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts in the United States, and the Congressional Black Caucus, among others. DHS’ decision did not reflect the realities on the ground in Haiti, which include Haiti’s food scarcity crisis, cholera epidemic, and the on-going challenges posed by the unprecedented 2010 earthquake. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.048 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9163 November 13, 2017 
In a letter sent on November 3, 2017, the Congressional Black Caucus urged DHS, once again, to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23, 2017 deadline in light of the aforementioned condi-tions in Haiti, as well as the exarcerbated damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. In a report published in October 2017, the highly regarded Global Justice Clinic con-cluded that conditions justifying Haiti’s quali-fication for TPS in 2011 remain as acute today as they were then. The study also found that 40,000 Haitians uprooted by the 2010 earthquake are officially displaced and that many more likely remain unofficially displaced in dangerously inad-equate shelters. The cholera epidemic that was tragically caused by international efforts to aid Haiti in 2010 more than doubled following Hurricane Matthew and is expected to directly affect more than 30,000 people by the end of 2017. Hurricane Matthew also exacerbated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 mil-lion Haitians—22 percent of its population—in the grips of an acute food insecurity crisis. The Haitian government has been working diligently for years to improve its economy, public health conditions, and infrastructure in coordination with the United States govern-ment and international community. In order to accomplish this task, Haiti relies in large part on remittances that its citizens re-ceive from TPS beneficiaries in the United States. Therefore, the negative consequences of terminating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold. It would end essential remittances that sig-nificantly contribute to Haiti’s recovery while also forcing the poorest republic in the West-ern Hemisphere to absorb the cost of reinte-grating thousands of citizens all at once. Such actions could be catastrophic to Haiti’s recovery efforts and run counter to Congres-sional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recently-passed United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act (Public Law 114–291). Finally, it is essential to note that Haitian TPS beneficiaries directly contribute to the United States. They pay taxes, spend money, contribute to Social Security and Medicare, and help pro-mote American prosperity in numerous sec-tors, such as the restaurant and food service, construction, and hospitality industries. About 30 percent of TPS beneficiaries are homeowners, stimulating the real estate indus-try and contributing to the local property tax base. Also, one in nine TPS beneficiaries in the labor force is self-employed, meaning they not only create jobs for themselves, but also cre-ate jobs for others. A recent report found that the expiration of Haitian TPS would cost the United States economy more $2.8 billion over a decade in lost gross domestic product. Mr. Speaker, we need to be both smart and compassionate when it comes to extending TPS for Haiti. The compassionate thing to do is extend TPS for Haiti. But just as important, extending TPS for Haiti is the smart thing to do because it strengthens the American economy and ad-vances the national interests of the United States. Mr. Speaker, here are the top reasons why temporary protect status (TPS) for Haiti should not be revoked: 1) Trump Administration Actions: The DHS termination of TPS decision threatens families and key industries in the United States and threatens the stability of na-tions in our region. On November, 2017, the Washington Post reported that the State Department irrespon-sibly recommended that Temporary Protected Status (TPS) be revoked for over 300,000 Honduran, Nicaraguan, Haitian and Salva-dorans living and working in the United States. This is paving the way for the mass depor-tation of over 300,000 individuals who are le-gally in the US—many of whom have children who are US citizens. It was an inhumane, foolish and terrible de-cision to make, given TPS holders’ contribu-tions to our economy including critical hurri-cane recovery efforts, to say nothing of the national security and humanitarian implications of kicking these individuals out. That’s why everyone from the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce, to national security experts, to Catholic bishops has expressed strong sup-port for extending this vital program. These nations are in no condition to receive 300,000 returnees. In Haiti, forcing the return of 50,000 people would disrupt the fragile recovery, exacerbate the food, housing, and public health crises, and potentially destabilize the new govern-ment. In El Salvador and Honduras, the return of over 250,000 people would strain government services and lead to job displacement in coun-tries besieged by violence, narcotics trafficking and weak institutions. The revocation of TPS will further desta-bilize fragile countries in our neighborhood. With remittances making up more than 15% of the GDP of TPS-designated countries, the sudden loss will put an added strain on the U.S. foreign aid budget while families who have long relied on this source of income will have no other option than to attempt to come to the U.S. as undocumented workers. That’s why Congress must act without delay to pass CHC-endorsed bill by Rep. N
YDIA V
ELA´ZQUEZ —the American Promise Act— would ensure individuals who have resided in the U.S. under these programs for a period of three years can remain in the country and pur-sue a path to naturalization. 2) TPS Revocation Is Not in America’s Na-tional Interest: Americans with Temporary Protected Status (TPS) are hardworking individuals who are contributing to our economy, our communities and our industries. TPS recipients have passed numerous criminal background checks and have often been living in the U.S. for over a decade. With more than 300,000 TPS beneficiaries expecting a Trump Administration decision on their fate, and some 800,000 DACA bene-ficiaries depending on Congressional action to shape their futures, we are entering a stretch of time that will be of huge consequence to 1.1 million immigrants who are deeply rooted and legally present in America. Regardless of how you might feel about the policy, TPS holders from these countries have been in legal limbo for at least 16 years. They are perhaps the most vetted, legally present, and work authorized community in our country. They have submitted to numerous criminal background checks, once every 18 months. Life has gone on for these folks—they have families here, are contributing to our economy, and our communities. There are an estimated that 273,000 U.S.- born children in the country have parents with TPS. Economic, legal, and policy experts have highlighted the disastrous economic impacts of revoking Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for hundreds of thousands of Americans, as country-specific deadlines loom. 3) Positive Economic Impacts of TPS Approximately 250,000 TPS recipients are currently employed—approximately 94% of men and 82% of women. The average TPS recipient works between 40–45 hours per week. Given the length of time on the job, many of these workers are senior, specialized and not easily replaceable such as construction site supervisors and nursing home professionals. The five leading industries that would face mass layoffs are construction (50,000+), res-taurants and other food services (32,000+), landscaping services (15,000+), child day care services (10,000) and grocery stores (9,000+). The mass layoffs of 250,000 TPS recipients would cost employers approximately $967 mil-lion in immediate turnover costs. The revocation of TPS status would cost the U.S. an estimated $164 billion in Gross Do-mestic Product. Revocation of TPS status would result in a loss of $6.9 billion in Social Security and Medicare payments over a decade. Given that 30% of TPS recipients are home-owners, the consequences of simultaneously dumping 60,000 mortgages could disrupt housing markets across the country including Texas (13,000 mortgages), Florida (5,000+ mortgages) and Virginia (4,100 mortgages). Mass deportations of TPS recipients would cost taxpayers more than $3 billion dollars. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate my colleague, my fellow Texan, for her eloquence in laying out the issues with the Republican tax plan. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E VANS ), my friend and colleague, for being here. I thank the gentleman for always offer-ing his insight on these matters. I know that, in addition, just like the gentlewoman from Texas, that he is open to a broad array of topics. I appre-ciate any insight the gentleman wants to give us on tax reform or any of the other issues that the American public wants to hear from their congressional representatives on this day. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State of Texas. He has consistently done a very great job in leading these efforts for the Congressional Black Caucus, as well as our chairman, C
EDRIC RICH-
MOND . Mr. Speaker, this is an interesting time that we are in, obviously, in the country, and it is a rather challenging time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to let 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.028 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9164 November 13, 2017 
you know, last year this time, on No-vember 14, 2016, I was sworn in. So I have been here for 1 year, Mr. Speaker. In that 1 year, when I stood in this well of this House, I talked about the im-portance of putting country first and moving America forward. I said at that particular time that I thought it was extremely important that we work together, and all my col-leagues, at that time, from Pennsyl-vania, stood with me, Democrats and Republicans alike. I talked in this well of the House on November 14, 2016, about the need to concentrate on the people first; that I thought it was ex-tremely essential that we understood that we should talk about the issues that are most important to people and not what is important to us; that we now are in a governance mode, not a political mode. There will be time to have discus-sions about political next year, but this particular time we need to put people first. Mr. Speaker, our country has not seen bipartisan tax reform since 1986, and that was when President Reagan was President of the United States, and Speaker Tip O’Neill was Speaker of this House. I think it is safe to say, the U.S. Tax Code is in need of major facelifting. But let me make it very clear when I say the way the Republican Party and the Trump administration are going about tax reform is all wrong. One of my main priorities in Con-gress is to help keep moving the city of Philadelphia forward. The Republican tax bill impedes our ability to move our city forward. At a time when older cities and suburbs are pressed for fund-ing, this destructive tax plan is yet an-other way the Republican Party is tak-ing resources from our cities. What do I mean by this? On Friday past, Mr. Speaker, I joined with the mayor of the city of Philadel-phia, Mayor Jim Kenney; the city council president, Darrell Clarke; Con-gressman B
OBBRADY ; and HELP USA to hold a press conference to call atten-tion to how our neighborhoods would be hard hit by this Republican tax plan. We stood in front of what used to be a school building in Philadelphia, but has now been transformed into a sup-portive housing facility that will soon house 37 veterans and individuals aged 55 and older. It is these kinds of invest-ments and transformations that will move our neighborhoods forward that are at stake under the GOP tax plan. We have a lot to lose under the Repub-lican tax plan. Mr. Speaker, you may recall that the President, at that time, Candidate Trump, went to the city of Philadel-phia and asked, specifically targeted to the African-American community: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ That is what he said. He talked about the schools. He talked about the neighborhoods. He talked about all of the challenges that we face in urban America and, particu-larly, to the African-American commu-nity. So, Mr. President, we have a lot to lose under the Republican tax plan. The repeal of private activity bonds would be devastating for hospitals—I have a number of hospitals in my dis-trict. Temple University, Einstein, Lankenau, University of Penn, Saint Joseph’s University—universities, and other nonprofit institutions in Phila-delphia and Montgomery County who depend on these bonds and rely on pub-lic-private partnerships to address crit-ical infrastructure needs, finance val-ued projects, and ensure affordable housing. The list of harmful provisions in this bait-and-switch tax bill goes on and on. I just received a letter from Chair-woman Val Arkoosh and Vice Chair Ken Lawrence of the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners. They wrote to me to tell me how residents in Montgomery County are alarmed by what is happening in this tax bill. They are extremely concerned about the fate of the State and local tax deductions. Without SALT, taxpayers are going to be feel an extreme tax hike. They are extremely concerned about the fate of the State and local tax deductions be-cause this will have an extreme impact on local government. That is just not right, Mr. Speaker. Just the other day, I spoke with local labor leaders who expressed their great concerns on this tax scam. Mr. Speak-er, that is true, it is a tax scam. It is something where jobs will continue to go overseas, not to our communities. In a district that has 27 percent pov-erty in the Second Congressional Dis-trict, I am truly concerned about the loss of jobs. They are incredibly fearful of what this plan means to the lives of hardworking families across our Com-monwealth. They know it is going to be too many of their families who are going to be among those hit the hard-est. Mr. Speaker, remember what I said when I got elected and sworn in. I said that we need to put people first. This tax scam does not put people first. These are the stories, fears, and con-cerns of real people in our neighbor-hood. These are the people we should be concerned with. These are the peo-ple on the front line; people who have serious questions about the intentions of this tax plan. What is the Republicans’ response? To push it through for a win. Let me repeat that. To push it through for a win. That is wrong and unacceptable. We are in the business of building a stronger tomorrow for our students, our seniors, our veterans, hardworking families, and all who call our neighbor-hoods home. Instead of taking away more re-sources from our cities and suburbs, we should be looking for ways to build, in-vest, and enhance the existing infra-structure our cities have to offer to make them what they are, to attract prospective home buyers and current homeowners. Let me repeat that. We should be looking for making ways more attractive to prospective home buyers and current homeowners. Mr. Speaker, we have a real oppor-tunity here to make a difference. Again, I am happy to be a part of the Congressional Black Caucus under Chairman RICHMOND ’s leadership, as well as Mr. V
EASEY , in leading this ef-fort because this is the kind of effort that we have to raise the consciousness and convince people they must resist. We must resist, no matter what they say the numbers are, and keep our voices loud so that they can hear that we are not accepting what is taking place here. Mr. Speaker, I stand here with my colleagues expressing the concern and the outrage that I have about this tax scam. This is not about the people. This is about the interest groups. We have a chance to make a change, Mr. Speaker, and we need to work together. I said almost 1 year ago on this day, in this well of this House, that the only way we can move America forward is when we work together. I don’t say that just to be saying it. I say it be-cause that is what I did when I was in the Pennsylvania Legislature, working together to make a difference. That is the only way we are going to move the needle, when people work together. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for laying out those concerns about the tax plan, and he did so very eloquently. I always appreciate the gentleman’s participa-tion. Kind of building on what the gen-tleman talked about, I just want to give the American public out there and the constituents that we represent in the Congressional Black Caucus just a quick outline of who exactly this plan will hurt. I am very concerned about this ter-rible tax plan because it is going to cut rates for the highest 1 percent of earn-ers and corporations, while increasing the tax burden on lower and middle class families, while the Republicans are falsely going around claiming that they are going to be helping these indi-viduals and these families. That is just not the case. That is not the case at all. For example, let me give you one area that has been touched upon that I am concerned about, and that is State and local taxes. You won’t be eligible any longer for the deduction, which means many individuals end up paying twice the amount of taxes on the same income. The elimination of deductions for student loan payments: we have talked extensively on this House floor, on the Democratic side, about what students loans are doing to this country and the costs of a higher education. We know that a lot of people seek out higher education just because of the benefits that it can yield incomewise, and ev-erybody is, again, always trying to see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.050 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9165 November 13, 2017 
how they are going to live that Amer-ican Dream. They want to be able to pay their taxes, pay their car payment, pay their house note, whatever it may happened to be. When you look at the fact that people won’t be able to write off their student loans to help pay for their education anymore, that is really going to hurt and probably convince a lot of young people that they just shouldn’t seek out higher education. b2015 We want young people to seek out a higher education. I mean, even the blue-collar jobs out there we know are becoming harder and harder to keep and maintain, and they require some form of education. Even going to com-munity college for a couple years after they graduate from high school almost seems to be something that they have to do. The Center for American Progress found that 78 percent of Black stu-dents, in comparison to 57 percent of White students, took out Federal loans for their undergraduate studies. And again, just not being able to write those off means that dream that every-one has, regardless of race, being able to buy their first home, the American Dream, they are going to have to put that off because they can no longer pay off these very costly student loan in-terest payments. These tax deduction eliminations are going to be very trou-bling for so many people in the commu-nity in light of the fight just to build generational wealth. Again, these trickle-down tactics, we have been talking about trickle-down economics now for a very long time, but some of these trickle-down tactics are proving not to work, and it is dis-heartening to see the finish line just being moved again and again, just over and over again. Every time people seem like they are doing better, just to see that finish line moved once again and making it just hard on these families that I talked about earlier that fall in those lower middle class, working class, middle class tax brackets. You are talking about, when you look at this really closely, the restruc-turing of these tax brackets under the Republican plan would make it so that the lowest income earners’ tax rates are going to increase from 10 to 12 per-cent, the lowest earners out there. Some of the poorest amongst us will have their tax burden increased, and it will make it so much more difficult for them to climb that economic ladder of opportunity. It is already hard to climb that ladder of opportunity. Just think about it for just a minute, if you have two kids and you have a 10 percent tax burden, and you are mak-ing a small amount of money a year but you are out there working hard every day. You are trying to get over-time. You are punching the clock as much as you possibly can. You are hav-ing Grandma watch the kids just so you can pull that extra shift to get those hours in, but you are a single mom and you are just really out there just busting it each and every day, week after week, and you still don’t have any money in the bank. You are still having a hard time making ends meet. You are still getting rent notices put on the door once a month. It is just so tough, and just to know that we are not really going to be doing anything at all in this body. The Republicans aren’t going to be doing anything to help these individuals be able to climb out of that hole and just be able to see the light. Just knowing that that mom and those kids are going to probably struggle under this tax plan until the kids leave the house, it is just really disheartening. In addition to that, even the tax pro-visions that are aimed at helping work-ing families are actually reserved, again, for just the wealthiest few in the community. White House Republicans highlight their expansion of the child tax credit. Many of the lowest income parents who are in need of assistance will only be eligible to receive a partial amount of the tax credit, if any of the expansion at all. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the GOP child tax credit keeps the lowest income workers from benefiting from the ex-pansion of the credit, despite numerous studies finding that the child tax cred-its benefit children by improving school performance, higher college en-rollment, and increasing earnings in adulthood. Further, this tax plan refuses to take the interests of African-American com-munities as a whole into consideration, ensuring those who are striving to reach the American Dream will simply fall short. Again, there is just so much in this bill that is going to be tough. You are talking about repealing the estate tax. There are so many people whom I have heard—Rockefellers, Buffetts, Bill Gates, and others—who are saying that they are fine paying that, that they are absolutely okay with paying that. You think about what we are going to take away from people so they don’t have to pay that estate tax. I mean, it is just amazing. You have heard so many of my col-leagues talk about it earlier here, but when you start talking about the local and State tax deductions, when you start talking about the student loan deductions that people really count on, when you start talking about child tax credits, when you start talking about new market tax credits, so many pro-grams and so many things out there that are really helping individuals, helping our economy, and we want to give it back so a few wealthy people don’t have to pay estate taxes? I mean, it is just really sad, Mr. Speaker, when you think about that. One of the things that I think that we ought to do, instead of giving ultrarich people a pass on paying a bil-lion dollars that they can pass down to heirs, is that we ought to start think-ing about doing something to help grandparents who are raising grand-children. I will never forget, when I was in the State legislature, I had a principal come up to me on the house floor, and I was showing the kids—I believe it was on the senate floor. We had walked to the other side. And there is a picture of the Battle of San Jacinto that hangs there in Austin at the capitol, and I was showing the schoolchildren, and the principal pulled me aside and she said: I want to thank you for talking about grandparents who are raising grandchildren. She said: Over 50 percent of the kids at the elementary school where I am principal are raised by someone other than their parent, and 99 percent of the time it is the grandparent. Instead of giving superrich people, ultrarich people a pass on paying the inheritance tax, why don’t we give grandparents who serve as primary caregivers for their grandchildren out there a $500 refundable tax credit? That would help out so much, because you have to think about what these grand-parents are facing. They didn’t think that their Social Security check or their pension check was going to have to be used to help pay for school supplies, help pay for school clothes, help pay for backpacks, help pay for school uniforms, help pay for kids’ haircuts, prom dresses. The grandparents of America out there are really balancing a lot now, more than any other generation of grandparents have. We could take the money that we are going to give away to the Bill Gateses and the Warren Buffetts and the Rockefellers and other folks like that, and we could give it to these grand-parents, grandparents who represent people from every congressional dis-trict in this country. Oftentimes, you start talking about grandparents who are raising grand-children, there has been some kind of issue with drugs or alcohol in the kids’ parents’ life or some other reason why the parents can’t take care of the kids. We know that that is true, particularly with the issues that we have had with the opioid crisis. We know that this is an area that is growing in all congres-sional districts, all races, all back-grounds. Again, why not give our grandparents out there that are buying backpacks with their Social Security check, why not give them a $500 refundable tax credit to help them make ends meet? If we were to do that, these grandparents would be able to have a little bit more money to buy healthier foods instead of buying processed foods. They could buy fruits, vegetables, other things like that that could really go a long way in just helping them maintain their household. That is what I am eager to do. I want to sit down with colleagues and come up with something that is fair. I think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.051 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9166 November 13, 2017 
that everybody here that I have talked to has said that they want to work in a bipartisan manner to be able to pass a tax reform bill that is fair, that is done under regular order, that is done with transparency and done in the light, but the way that this is hap-pening, it is just not right. We know, again, that these trickle- down economics just simply do not work, and we need to start all over. We need to head back to the drawing board and sit down as Democrats and Repub-licans like they did back in the eighties when Reagan was President and Tip O’Neill was Speaker and work out some of these issues that the American public has. We know that people are very anx-ious about some of the things that they have been hearing about this tax re-form bill, people from all congressional districts and, again, all backgrounds. We in the Congressional Black Caucus, we are concerned about the impact that this is going to have in the Afri-can-American communities around this country—and all of the communities, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker. Again, let’s just sit down at the drawing board, talk about some of these things, and come up with some-thing that is fair that the American public can feel good about, knowing that Members of Congress, that they are not trying to gain advantage over one another, that we are trying to come up with a fair way how to reform our Tax Code, keep our businesses here, and keep a little bit more money in people’s pockets at the end of the week or the end of the month, whenever they get paid, so they can take care of their families and buy a home, take care of their grandkids, do whatever it is they need to do in order to make ends meet. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much for this evening, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2874, 21ST CENTURY FLOOD REFORM ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (during the Special Order of Mr. V
EASEY ), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–408) on the resolution (H. Res. 616) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2874) to achieve reforms to improve the finan-cial stability of the National Flood In-surance Program, to enhance the devel-opment of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of pri-vate markets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
REFORMING OUR TAX CODE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN) for 30 minutes. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the opportunity to be here once again and follow up on the gen-tleman from Texas and his remarks that I think hit the nail on the head with regard to what working class fam-ilies out in the heartland, in the Deep South are facing every single day. I think it is important that every policy that we push here in the United States Congress is a policy that ad-dresses some of those deep concerns that they all have. Sometimes I think that this town gets into a little bit of a bubble. Two separate political parties that talk to each other, talk at each other, talk within each other, but we are in the midst of deep change in the United States. We are in the midst of the kind of structural change we have not seen in our country in a long, long time. We have an economic system, a Tax Code, a trade regime, that has not, quite frankly, been up to task to meet the needs of working class families. We have a healthcare system that, even though many changes have been made, I think, to help people get cov-erage, to help them afford their healthcare, it is still not up to task with the deep needs of our country. We have an education system that is not quite up to speed. The deliberations in this body need to be a little bit deeper. I think we need to take a little bit of a step back. We have tax reform that is on the docket this week. We have a consistent dialogue with other nations with regard to how we are going to organize our trade rela-tionships with other countries, wheth-er it be in North America, whether it be with China or Europe or any other country. b2030 Mr. Speaker, I will just say that after looking at the tax bill that has been presented in both the House and the Senate, the Congressional Budget Of-fice has said that this tax bill will run a deficit and a long-term debt for our country to the tune of $1.7 trillion. So this tax reform that our friends on the other side are pushing has a $1.7 tril-lion hole in it. What has to happen is that the United States Government, because the Republicans are going to pass a tax cut, which the majority will go to the wealthiest people in the country, and because there will be this hole in the budget now, this country—our tax-payers are going to have to go to China, go to Saudi Arabia, and we are going to say: Hey, can you loan us some money? We have got this big def-icit. We have got this debt we are run-ning up in the United States. Can you loan us like $1.7 trillion? Because we are going to give that money back to the wealthiest people in the country, in the hopes that it stimulates the econ-omy and grows jobs and wages. And, oh, by the way, we tried that in 2001, and 2003, and it didn’t work. To me, I think it is very difficult for us as a country to say we are going to give China more power over us. We are going to give China more say in the ne-gotiations that we have with them, whether it is North Korea, whether it is them moving bases out into the South China Sea where they are actu-ally building islands so that they can put bases on them and project more force in that area of the world. We are going to have less negotiating power with them as they continue to move into Africa and extract natural resources to feed their industrial ma-chine. We are going to ask them for $1.7 trillion to give a tax cut that goes primarily to the biggest corporations in the country and the wealthiest peo-ple in the country. Now, that doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to most people. It sounds like a little bit of a scam. And the $1.7 tril-lion, which you have got to watch, we are borrowing it, and then we have to pay interest on the money that we are borrowing. So if interest rates go up, we are going to start paying more. Meanwhile, back here in the United States, we have got a number of chal-lenges that we have got to deal with. We have got to rebuild our country. The President, while he was cam-paigning, said: We are going to do $1 trillion in infrastructure improve-ments in the United States. I am a builder. We are going to rebuild the country. It is now November, and we have not heard anything about an infrastructure bill or building roads and bridges and all the rest. In fact, we have had a President who campaigned—might see a little theme developing here—the President also campaigned and said: We are going to expand healthcare. We are going to expand Medicare. We are going to expand Medicaid. We are going to make it cheaper, accessible. It is going to be beautiful, and it will be easy to do. I can do it. And so goes life. The two bills, in both the House and the Senate, from the Republicans, as analyzed by the Congressional Budget Office—not as analyzed by Democrats— it was analyzed by the Congressional Budget Office, which is a neutral third party. They are kind of the umpire down here. They are the referee in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.053 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9167 November 13, 2017 
Washington. They just look at the numbers. Whatever party is in charge, they always don’t like the Congres-sional Budget Office because they al-ways tell you things you don’t nec-essarily want to hear. So the Congressional Budget Office said, on both of those bills for healthcare, both the House and the Senate: 20-plus million people will lose their healthcare. So we had a campaign saying we are going to rebuild the country, and that hasn’t happened; a campaign saying we are going to get people more healthcare, and that is not happening. Then, we had a campaign where our President was saying: We are going to be tough on China. We have got to be tough on them. There are all kinds of little quotes I can say from when he was in Ohio, or he was here, or he was there. He was going to be the tough-on-China guy. As you can see from this chart, for good measure, this is a chart that out-lines where Chinese trade, foreign trade, and automation have hurt our country, and who has been hurt the most. The red is the hardest hit; and then as it moves to more lighter colors, less so. So you can see in the industrial Mid-west, in the Great Lakes States, in the South, up in New England, Pennsyl-vania, and some out West, they were devastated by trade. The President is in China this past week, and he says: I don’t blame the Chinese. It is not their fault, but it is the United States’ fault. Now, I will say that the United States has not done a great job of being as firm on China as I would have liked. I was one of the original cosponsors of the China Currency Manipulation Bill, with former Representative Duncan Hunter, the father of current Rep-resentative D
UNCAN HUNTER . So we have been on this for a long time. But this does not gloss over the fact that the Chinese intentionally steal our intellectual property. They intentionally skirt global trade rules. If we put tariffs up on Chinese steel tubing coming into the United States, the Chinese will ship it to another country, and then, from that country, send it to the United States to avoid the tariffs that we put on because their product, their final product, was cheap-er than the raw material costs of a company like Wheatland Tube, in my congressional district, that is trying to sell the same thing; or Vallourec Star, in my district, that is trying to sell the same thing. So we would put tariffs on, and they would skirt the rules and come around through another country. So we play this constant game of trying to figure out where the Chinese steel is going to come in from. That is not our fault. That is not playing by the rules. That is not playing fair. Our President needs to recognize—I am all for being a diplomat—but when you are in the country, you need to be firm with the leaders of that country and tell them to stop hurting American businesses and putting American steel-workers out of work, especially when you campaigned on doing that just a year ago. We are seeing communities completely wiped out. So back to the tax cut, we are going to go to this same country, and we are going to borrow money from them. That doesn’t make any sense at all. What Democrats are proposing, and what our side is proposing, is that the people in the country that really need a break are those people the gentleman from Texas was just talking about, the ones working swing shifts; the ones who take a shower after work; the ones who stand on their feet all day long, making minimum wage or maybe a lit-tle bit more. Those are the people we should be pushing a tax cut toward. Put a little money in their pocket; help them lift up the ladder. Here is why I think this makes sense: If you go back to the last time we did tax reform, 31 years ago, in the last 31 years, 96 percent of all income growth went to the top 10 percent of the wealthiest people in the United States. So over 30 years, 96 percent of that growth went to the top 10 percent. That is where all of the money went. We have seen it flatline wages across the middle class for 30 years. We know the story, unfortunately: communities gutted, manufacturing base eroded. So to say we are going to take this group that has made all of the income gains in the last 31 years, and we are going to give them a tax cut that we are going to finance by borrowing money from China, which is going to increase our national debt; so we are going to have to pay more on that; we are going to lose leverage in the world with China; and now they are our banker—even more so than they are right now. So what I am asking is for us, in this body, to take a time out, to stop the process, to reach across the aisle to Democrats, to say that we have got to figure out this disparity that has hap-pened over the last 20 or 30 years be-tween capital and between labor. All of the gains have been on the capital side, yet capital gets taxed at a lower rate than wages. Warren Buffett said it a million times that he pays a lower tax rate than his secretary pays. Now, is that fair? Is that right? It is not. Of course, it isn’t. The argument is—because we have been adopting this system in one form or fashion or another for most of the last 30 years since Reaganomics—that has been the same time that all of this has happened. So we need a new way of doing this. This is not working for peo-ple. The Tax Code is an opportunity for us, I think, to ask those people who have been doing pretty well over the last 30 years, who make their money through capital gains, to pay the same level as the guy working the second shift at General Motors Lordstown. I think that is only fair. With that rev-enue, we can start rebuilding the coun-try. Let me just say, lastly, that there is no evidence—and I know in Washington that most things aren’t based on evi-dence—but there is no evidence that cutting taxes for the wealthiest people in the country somehow makes it down to improve wages for middle class peo-ple. There just isn’t any evidence of that. George W. Bush, I was here for the second round of these tax cuts, but he cut, primarily, for the top 1 percent and threw some crumbs to the middle class folks. They got 300 bucks. That was supposed to create jobs, stimulate the economy, grow wages, and every-thing else. That was the slowest decade of growth in modern American history going back to the Great Depression. We had a more stable line of growth with the Bill Clinton budget in 1993, in which we asked the wealthiest to pay a little bit more. We balanced the budg-et, reinvested back into the country, and created 20 million new jobs. Every income group, from top to bottom, saw wages go up. b2045 When he walked out of this Capitol and George W. Bush came in, I think there was a $5.6 trillion projected sur-plus. I hate to say it, but we were hav-ing the debate about what we were going to do with the surplus. You may remember Al Gore was campaigning saying: We ought to put that surplus in a lock box, and make sure we support Medicare and Social Security and ex-tend the life of those programs. George Bush was saying that we want to give it back in a tax cut. So George Bush won, and it went back in a tax cut. The only benefit—supposed ben-efit—is that at least we didn’t nec-essarily borrow that money. We were projected to have that money come in, and then we gave it back in a tax cut as the country collectively—some of us weren’t for that. But now we don’t have a surplus we are going to give away. We have got to go borrow the money. So then we give that $5.6 trillion back—again, pri-marily to the top 1 percent—and have a slow decade of growth. We ended up in two wars, put that on a credit card, too, then a complete economic col-lapse, and we are just trying to climb our way back. This is not the time to go borrow more money from China and give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in the country. It is just not the time to do that. We have got a lot of investments here at home that we need to make. We need to create an economic system that starts working for most people in the country which it is not now. We have jobs, but we have stagnant wages. We do have jobs, but wages are low. We do have jobs, but people are still losing their pensions. We do have jobs, but people still don’t have the kind of healthcare that they need. We can do better than this. It starts, I think, now with our rejecting the Re-publican tax bill and saying to them: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.055 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9168 November 13, 2017 
Reach across the aisle, work with Democrats, and let’s do something that is bipartisan here and something that makes this a revenue enhancer or, at the very least, revenue neutral by ask-ing and increasing the rates on capital and not borrowing $1.7 trillion—if not more—with increased interest rates from China. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1153. An act to prohibit or suspend cer-tain health care providers from providing non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care services to veterans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. S. 1266. An act to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 9, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 194. To amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain pro-visions relating to information technology, to amend the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3243. To amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain pro-visions relating to information technology, to amend the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, November 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: J
OHNR. C URTIS , Third District of Utah. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quar-ter of 2016 and the third and fourth quarters of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384 are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ROMANIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 5 AND OCT. 10, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ...................................... ......... .................... 1,000.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 Hon. Gerry Connolly ................................................. 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ....................................... ........ .................... 1,000.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 Hon. Tom Marino ..................................................... 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ....................................... ........ .................... 1,000.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 Hon. Rob Bishop ...................................................... 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ...................................... ......... .................... 1,000.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ..................................... .......... .................... 1,000.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 Hon. Ted Poe ........................................................... 10 /6 10 /9 Romania ..................................... .......... .................... 750.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 750.00 Hon. Jim Sensenbrenner .......................................... 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ........................................... .... .................... 1,000.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 Hon. Linda Sa´nchez ................................................. 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ............................................... ...... .............. 1,000.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 Adam Howard .......................................................... 10 /5 10 /10 Romania ...................................... ......... .................... 1,250.00 (
3) 5,133.00 .................... .................... .................... 6,383.00 Janice Robinson ....................................................... 10 /5 10 /10 Romania ..................................... .......... .................... 1,250.00 (
3) 5,133.00 .................... .................... .................... 6,383.00 Ed Rice .................................................................... 10 /6 10 /10 Romania ................................ ............... .................... 1,000.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 11,250.00 .................... 10,266.00 .................... .................... ..... ............... 21,516.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER, Nov. 2, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Lisa Blunt Rochester ...................................... 8 /26 8 /28 Ghana ............................................... .... .................... 428.95 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 428.95 8 /28 8 /30 Nigeria .................................................. .................... 1,671.77 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,671.77 8 /30 9 /2 Cote D’Ivoire ......................................... .................... 673.60 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 673.60 Bart Fischer ............................................................. 9 /1 9 /5 Mexico ...................................... ............. .................... 575.00 .................... 675.59 .................... .................... .................... 1,250.59 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 3,349.32 .................... 675.59 .................... .................... ......... ........... 4,024.91 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.057 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9169 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Tom Graves ..................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Auckland, New Zealand ........................ .... ................ 169.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /3 7 /4 Sydney, Australia .................................. .................... 154.00 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /4 7 /5 Canberra, Australia .............................. .................... 133.00 .................... .................... . ................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /5 7 /6 Darwin, Australia .................................. .................... 133.00 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /6 7 /7 Hanoi, Vietnam ..................................... .................... 98.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /7 7 /8 Seoul, South Korea ............................... .................... 137.00 .................... .................... . ................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. R.P. Frelinghuysen .......................................... 8 /6 8 /7 Myanmar ............................................. .. .................... 287.00 .................... 20,216.26 .................... 427.11 .................... .................... 8 /7 8 /9 Thailand ................................................ .................... 548.29 .................... .............. ...... .................... 283.69 .................... .................... 8 /9 8 /11 Sri Lanka .............................................. .................... 588.67 .................... .............. ...... .................... 33.00 .................... .................... B.G. Wright .............................................................. 8 /6 8 /7 Myanmar ..................................... .......... .................... 287.00 .................... 20,216.26 .................... 427.11 .................... ............. ....... 8 /7 8 /9 Thailand ................................................ .................... 548.29 .................... .............. ...... .................... 283.69 .................... .................... 8 /9 8 /11 Sri Lanka .............................................. .................... 588.67 .................... .............. ...... .................... 33.00 .................... .................... Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 8 /6 8 /7 Myanmar .......................................... ..... .................... 287.00 .................... 20,216.26 .................... 427.11 .................... .................. .. 8 /7 8 /9 Thailand ................................................ .................... 548.29 .................... .............. ...... .................... 283.69 .................... .................... 8 /9 8 /11 Sri Lanka .............................................. .................... 588.67 .................... .............. ...... .................... 33.00 .................... .................... Hon. Peter Visclosky ................................................ 7 /1 7 /2 Malta ............................................ ........ .................... 891.75 .................... (
3) .................... 285.74 .................... .................... 7 /2 7 /3 Algeria .................................................. .................... 263.54 .................... ............. ....... .................... 221.81 .................... .................... 7 /3 7 /4 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 206.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 160.18 .................... .................... 7 /4 7 /5 Gibraltar ............................................... .................... 351.50 .................... .............. ...... .................... 325.50 .................... .................... 7 /5 7 /7 Morocco ................................................. .................... 578.65 .................... .............. ...... .................... 115.03 .................... .................... Hon. R.P. Frelinghuysen .......................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Malta ............................................... ..... .................... 891.75 .................... (
3) .................... 285.74 .................... .................... 7 /2 7 /3 Algeria .................................................. .................... 263.54 .................... ............. ....... .................... 221.81 .................... .................... 7 /3 7 /4 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 206.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 160.18 .................... .................... 7 /4 7 /5 Gibraltar ............................................... .................... 351.50 .................... .............. ...... .................... 325.50 .................... .................... 7 /5 7 /7 Morocco ................................................. .................... 578.65 .................... .............. ...... .................... 115.03 .................... .................... Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 7 /1 7 /2 Malta ........................................... ......... .................... 891.75 .................... (
3) .................... 285.74 .................... .................... 7 /2 7 /3 Algeria .................................................. .................... 263.54 .................... ............. ....... .................... 221.81 .................... .................... 7 /3 7 /4 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 206.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 160.18 .................... .................... 7 /4 7 /5 Gibraltar ............................................... .................... 351.50 .................... .............. ...... .................... 325.50 .................... .................... 7 /5 7 /7 Morocco ................................................. .................... 578.65 .................... .............. ...... .................... 115.03 .................... .................... B.G. Wright .............................................................. 7 /1 7 /2 Malta ....................................... ............. .................... 891.75 .................... (
3) .................... 285.74 .................... .................... 7 /2 7 /3 Algeria .................................................. .................... 263.54 .................... ............. ....... .................... 221.81 .................... .................... 7 /3 7 /4 Tunisia .................................................. .................... 206.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 160.18 .................... .................... 7 /4 7 /5 Gibraltar ............................................... .................... 351.50 .................... .............. ...... .................... 325.50 .................... .................... 7 /5 7 /7 Morocco ................................................. .................... 578.65 .................... .............. ...... .................... 115.03 .................... .................... Adrienne Ramsay ..................................................... 7 /30 8 /3 Guam ............................................ ........ .................... 861.00 .................... 5,209.36 .................... 96.00 .................... ................. ... 8 /3 8 /6 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,056.27 .................... 140.37 ........ ............ 6.26 .................... .................... 8 /6 8 /9 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,198.52 .................... 176.00 .... ................ .................... .................... .................... Brooke Boyer ............................................................ 7 /30 8 /3 Guam ........................................ ............ .................... 861.00 .................... 5,209.36 .................... 96.00 .................... ............. ....... 8 /3 8 /6 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,056.27 .................... 140.37 ........ ............ 7.26 .................... .................... 8 /6 8 /9 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,198.52 .................... 41.30 ..... ............... .................... .................... .................... Hon. John Carter ...................................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... .............. ...... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Hon. Steve Womack ................................................. 8 /26 8 /30 Germany .......................................... ...... .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... .................. .. 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Hon. Charles Fleischmann ...................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Germany .............................................. .. .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Hon. Harold Rogers ................................................. 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ......................................... ....... .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... ................. ... 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Steve Marchese ....................................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... ............... ..... 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 1,053.68 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... ................ .... 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Susan Adams .......................................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... ............... ..... 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 5,781.98 .... ................ 210.04 .................... .................... Winifred Chang ........................................................ 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... .............. ...... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Clelia Alvarado ........................................................ 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ..................................... ........... .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .................... 933.68 .................... ............. ....... 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... .(
3) .................... 98.16 .................... .................... 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... .................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... .................... Craig Higgins .......................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ................................ ..... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 6,800.47 .................... 717.85 .................... ................. ... Hon. Charles Dent ................................................... 8 /26 9 /27 Ghana .......................................... ......... .................... 478.72 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /30 Nigeria .................................................. .................... 1,671.77 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /31 9 /2 Cote d’Ivoire ......................................... .................... 1,673.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 9 /2 9 /2 Gambia ................................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Robert Aderholt ............................................... 6 /30 7 /2 France ........................................... ........ .................... 1,064.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ................................................ .................... .................... .................... 23 5.03 .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 744.43 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ................................................... .................... 355.42 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /5 7 /5 Egypt ..................................................... .................... .................... ................... . 106.45 .................... 15.50 .................... .................... 7 /7 7 /7 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,092.01 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .................................................. .................... 316.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Dr. Andy Harris ............................................... 8 /24 8 /28 Italy ........................................... ............ .................... 552.00 .................... 1,834.66 .................... 298.80 .................... ............ ........ ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 577.48 ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Jeff Fortenberry ............................................... 8 /23 8 /27 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 1,267.23 .................... 9,861.00 .................... 452.33 .................... ......... ........... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 293.35 .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Steven M. Palazzo ........................................... 7 /29 7 /29 France ............................................ ....... .................... .................... .................... 2,504.56 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 7 /30 7 /31 Naples, Italy ......................................... .................... 145.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /31 7 /31 Rome, Italy ........................................... .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /31 8 /1 La Spezia, Italy ..................................... .................... 102.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /1 8 /2 Genoa, Italy .......................................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Barbara Lee .................................................... ............. Pre Trip Various .................................................. .................... 88.48 .................... (
3) .................... 289.57 .................... ....................8 /26 8 /26 Accra, Ghana ........................................ .................... 63.70 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... ....................
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9170 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
8 /27 8 /27 Cape Ghost, Ghana .............................. .................... 33.78 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... 8 /27 8 /27 Accra, Ghana ........................................ .................... 47.79 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /29 Abuja, Nigeria ....................................... .................... 47.54 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /29 8 /29 Maiduguri, Nigeria ................................ .................... 8.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 Lagos, Nigeria ...................................... .................... 215.38 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /31 9 /2 Abijan, Cote d’Ivoire ............................. .................... 180.82 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... 9 /2 9 /2 Gambia ................................................. .................... 20.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Scott Taylor ..................................................... 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ........................... .. .................... 646.10 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 817.63 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 65,181.94 .................... 101,219.69 .................... 26,884.42 .............. ...... 198,029.93 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, SURVEYS AND INVESTIGATIONS STAFF, HOUSE OF REP RESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Kristen Gilley ........................................................... 9 /10 9 /23 Germany/Poland/Estonia/Latvia/Roma- nia. .................... 1,915.64 .................... 5,045.16 .................... 97.73 .................... 7,058.53 David Hickman ........................................................ 9 /10 9 /23 Germany/Poland/Estonia/Latvia/Roma- nia. .................... 2,225.21 .................... 4,943.16 .................... 66.58 .................... 7,234.95 Jacquelynn Ripke ..................................................... 9 /10 9 /23 Germany/Poland/Estonia/Latvia/Roma- nia. .................... 2,056.20 .................... 4,943.16 .................... 191.35 .................... 7,190.71 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 6,197.05 .................... 14,931.48 .................... 355.66 ................... . 21,484.19 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, Chairman, Oct. 13, 2017. 
(AMENDED) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to Australia, Indonesia, the Philippines— November 1–11, 2016:.Kari Bingen Tytler ........................................... 11 /3 11 /5 Australia ............................................. .. .................... 287.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 287.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 16,579.40 .................... .................... . ................... 16,579.40 Andrew Peterson ............................................. 11 /3 11 /5 Australia .............................................. . .................... 287.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 287.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 16,579.80 .................... .................... . ................... 16,579.80 William Spencer Johnson ................................ 11 /3 11 /5 Australia ............................................... .... ................ 287.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 287. 00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 16,579.80 .................... .................... . ................... 16,579.80 Alexander Gallo ............................................... ............. ................. ................................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 16,579.40 .................... .................... . ................... 16,579.40 Delegation Expenses ....................................... ............. ................. Australia .............................. ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 676.00 ... ................. 676.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 861.00 .................... 66,318.40 .................... 676.00 .................... 6 7,855.40 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, Vietnam—June 30–July 9, 2017:.Hon. Mike Rogers ........................................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ...... .............. 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.45  7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Hon. Susan Davis ........................................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ...... .............. 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.45  7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Hon. K. Michael Conaway ............................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ........... ......... 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Hon. Doug Lamborn ........................................ 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ........ ............ 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Hon. John Garamendi ..................................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ......... ........... 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9171 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Donald Norcross ..................................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ........ ............ 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Hon. Rick Larsen ............................................ 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ..... ............... 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.4 5 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Timothy Morrison ............................................ 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ..... ............... 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353.4 5 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 Commercial airfare ........................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 4,695.96 .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,695.96 Sarah Mineiro ................................................. 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... ... ................. 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353 .45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 Commercial airfare ........................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 4,695.96 .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,695.96 Leonor Tomero ................................................ 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... .... ................ 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 353. 45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 Commercial airfare ........................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 4,385.16 .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,385.16 Brian Greer ..................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ......................................... . ................... 353.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3 53.45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,085.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 1,085.01 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Travel to Dominican Republic, Haiti, Colombia, Peru—July 28–August 4, 2017 with CODEL Duncan:.Hon. Doug Lamborn ........................................ 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ............................. ........... ......... 381.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 381.00 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Matt Gaetz ............................................. 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ............................. ........ ............ 381.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 381.00 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /1 Colombia ............................................... .................... 402.29 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 402.29 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 758.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 758.00 Travel to Germany, Lithuania, Norway—July 28– August 4, 2017 with CODEL Bishop:.Hon. Michael Turner ....................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Germany ................................................ .. .................. 854.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 85 4.29 7 /31 8 /2 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 331.60 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 331.60 8 /2 8 /4 Norway .................................................. .................... 634.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 634.00 Travel to Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan, Israel—July 28– August 5, 2017:.Jennifer Bird ................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Egypt .............................................. ....... .................... 754.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 754.12 7 /31 7 /31 Lebanon ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /31 8 /2 Jordan ................................................... .................... 428.08 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 428.08 8 /2 8 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,054.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,054.00 Commercial airfare ........................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 11,089.08 .................... .................... ...... .............. 11,089.08 Craig Greene ................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Egypt ............................................... ...... .................... 754.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 754.12 7 /31 7 /31 Lebanon ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /31 8 /2 Jordan ................................................... .................... 428.08 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 428.08 8 /2 8 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,054.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,054.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 11,689.88 .................... .................... . ................... 11,689.88 Jason Schmid ................................................. 7 /29 7 /31 Egypt ................................................. .... .................... 754.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................
.... 754.12 7 /31 7 /31 Lebanon ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /31 8 /2 Jordan ................................................... .................... 428.08 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 428.08 8 /2 8 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,054.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,054.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 5,552.48 .................... .................... .. .................. 5,552.48 Catherine Sendak ........................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Egypt ................................................... .. .................... 754.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 754.12 7 /31 7 /31 Lebanon ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /31 8 /2 Jordan ................................................... .................... 428.08 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 428.08 8 /2 8 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,054.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,054.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 5,752.48 .................... .................... .. .................. 5,752.48 Mark Morehouse ............................................. 7 /29 7 /31 Egypt ................................................... .. .................... 754.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 754.12 7 /31 7 /31 Lebanon ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /31 8 /2 Jordan ................................................... .................... 428.08 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 428.08 8 /2 8 /4 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,054.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1.054.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 9,422.08 .................... .................... .. .................. 9,422.08 Travel to Romania, Bulgaria Georgia, Poland, Lat-via, Lithuania—July 28–August 7, 2017:.Hon. Joe Wilson .............................................. 7 /29 7 /31 Romania ............................................... .................... 172.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 172.00 7 /31 8 /1 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 98.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 98.00 8 /1 8 /2 Latvia .................................................... .................... 229.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 229.14 8 /2 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /3 8 /6 Georgia ................................................. .................... 210.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 8 /6 8 /7 Poland ................................................... .................... 154.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 154.00 Hon. Madeleine Bordallo ................................ 7 /29 7 /31 Romania ............................................... ...... .............. 172.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 172.00  7 /31 8 /1 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 98.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 98.00 8 /1 8 /2 Latvia .................................................... .................... 229.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 229.14 8 /2 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /3 8 /6 Georgia ................................................. .................... 210.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 8 /6 8 /7 Poland ................................................... .................... 154.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 154.00 Hon. Paul Cook ............................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Romania ............................................... .................... 172.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 172.00 7 /31 8 /1 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 98.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 98.00 8 /1 8 /2 Latvia .................................................... .................... 229.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 229.14 8 /2 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /3 8 /6 Georgia ................................................. .................... 210.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 8 /6 8 /7 Poland ................................................... .................... 154.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 154.00 Hon. John Garamendi ..................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Romania ............................................... ..... ............... 172.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 172.0 0 7 /31 8 /1 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 98.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 98.00 8 /1 8 /2 Latvia .................................................... .................... 229.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 229.14 8 /2 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /3 8 /6 Georgia ................................................. .................... 210.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 8 /6 8 /7 Poland ................................................... .................... 154.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 154.00 Craig Collier ................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Romania ............................................ ... .................... 172.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 172.00 7 /31 8 /1 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 98.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 98.00 8 /1 8 /2 Latvia .................................................... .................... 229.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 229.14 8 /2 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /3 8 /6 Georgia ................................................. .................... 210.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 8 /6 8 /7 Poland ................................................... .................... 154.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 154.00 
Brian Garrett .................................................. 7 /29 7 /31 Romania ............................................. .. .................... 172.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 172.00 7 /31 8 /1 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 98.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 98.00 8 /1 8 /2 Latvia .................................................... .................... 229.14 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 229.14 8 /2 8 /3 Lithuania .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /3 8 /6 Georgia ................................................. .................... 210.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 8 /6 8 /7 Poland ................................................... .................... 154.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 154.00 Travel to Italy, Spain, United Kingdom, Scot-land—July 29–August 5, 2017:.Hon. Rob Wittman .......................................... 7 /30 8 /1 Italy ..................................................... .. .................... 247.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 247.00 8 /1 8 /2 Spain .................................................... .................... 94.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 94.00 8 /2 8 /3 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,021.56 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 1,021.56 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9172 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
8 /3 8 /5 Scotland ................................................ .................... 368.48 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 368.48 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 3,702.06 .................... .................... .. .................. 3,702.06 Hon. Mike Gallagher ....................................... 7 /30 8 /1 Italy ..................................................... .. .................... 247.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 247.00 8 /1 8 /2 Spain .................................................... .................... 94.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 94.00 8 /2 8 /3 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,021.56 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 1,021.56 8 /2 8 /5 Scotland ................................................ .................... 368.48 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 368.48 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 4,134.36 .................... .................... .. .................. 4,134.36 David Sienicki ................................................. 7 /30 8 /1 Italy ................................................ ....... .................... 247.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 247.00 8 /1 8 /2 Spain .................................................... .................... 94.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 94.00 8 /2 8 /3 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,021.56 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 1,021.56 8 /3 8 /5 Scotland ................................................ .................... 368.48 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 368.48 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 3,702.06 .................... .................... .. .................. 3,702.06 Travel to Australia—July 31–August 8, 2017 with CODEL Wenstrup:.Hon. Joe Courtney ........................................... 8 /2 8 /6 Australia ............................................... . ................... 2,301.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 2,301.00 Phillip MacNaughton ...................................... 8 /2 8 /6 Australia ............................................... .... ................ 2,301.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2, 301.00 Travel to Cote d’Ivoire, Ghana, Liberia—August 13–19, 2017:.Mark Morehouse ............................................. 8 /14 8 /15 Cote d’Ivoire ......................................... .. .................. 123.76 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 12 3.76 8 /15 8 /17 Ghana ................................................... .................... 867.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 867.96 8 /17 8 /18 Liberia ................................................... .................... 295.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 295.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,332.86 .................... .................... . ................... 12,332.86 Paul Arcangeli ................................................ 8 /14 8 /15 Cote d’Ivoire ........................................ . .................... 138.97 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 138.97 8 /15 8 /17 Ghana ................................................... .................... 867.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 867.96 8 /17 8 /18 Liberia ................................................... .................... 295.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 295.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,332.86 .................... .................... . ................... 12,332.86 Travel to Italy, Germany, Belgium, United King-dom—August 14–18, 2017:.Andrew Walter ................................................ 8 /15 8 /16 Italy ................................................. ...... .................... 406.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 406.88 8 /16 8 /17 Germany ................................................ .................... 207.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 207.00 8 /17 8 /17 Belgium ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /17 8 /18 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 219.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 219.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 13,067.86 .................... .................... . ................... 13,067.86 Leonor Tomero ................................................ 8 /15 8 /16 Italy ................................................. ...... .................... 406.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 406.88 8 /16 8 /17 Germany ................................................ .................... 207.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 207.00 8 /17 8 /17 Belgium ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /17 8 /18 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 219.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 219.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 13,067.86 .................... .................... . ................... 13,067.86 Brian Greer ..................................................... 8 /15 8 /16 Italy .............................................. ......... .................... 406.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 406.88 8 /16 8 /17 Germany ................................................ .................... 207.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 207.00 8 /17 8 /17 Belgium ................................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /17 8 /18 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 219.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 219.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 13,067.86 .................... .................... . ................... 13,067.86 Travel to India, Taiwan, South Korea, Japan—Au-gust 21–30, 2017:.Hon. Rob Wittman .......................................... 8 /22 8 /24 India .................................................... . .................... 696.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...................
. 696.48 8 /25 8 /26 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 270.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 270.31 8 /26 8 /28 South Korea .......................................... .................... 720.45 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 720.45 8 /28 8 /30 Japan .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... Hon. Madeleine Bordallo ................................ 8 /22 8 /24 India ..................................................... .. .................. 696.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 69 6.48 8 /25 8 /26 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 270.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 270.31 8 /26 8 /28 South Korea .......................................... .................... 720.45 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 720.45 8 /28 8 /30 Japan .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 12,684.14 .................... .................... . ................... 12,684.14 Bruce Johnson ................................................ 8 /22 8 /24 India ................................................. .... .................... 696.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 696.48 8 /25 8 /26 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 270.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 270.31 8 /26 8 /28 South Korea .......................................... .................... 720.45 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 720.45 8 /28 8 /30 Japan .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... Craig Greene ................................................... 8 /22 8 /24 India ............................................... ...... .................... 696.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 696.48 8 /25 8 /26 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 270.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 270.31 8 /26 8 /28 South Korea .......................................... .................... 720.45 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 720.45 8 /28 8 /30 Japan .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 10,191.30 .................... .................... . ................... 10,191.30 Travel to Japan—August 24–September 3, 2017:.Margaret Dean ................................................ 8 /28 9 /2 Japan .................................................. .. .................... 614.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 614.00 Andrew Warren ............................................... 8 /28 8 /30 Japan .................................................. .. .................... 614.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 614.00 Douglas Bush ................................................. 8 /28 8 /28 Japan ................................................. ... .................... 614.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 614.00 Andrew Schulman ........................................... 8 /28 8 /30 Japan .................................................... .................... 614.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 614.00 Brian Garrett .................................................. 8 /28 8 /30 Japan ............................................... ..... .................... 614.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 614.00 Travel to Djibouti, Somalia, Kenya, Sudan—Au-gust 25–September 1, 2017:.Hon. Austin Scott ........................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Djibouti ............................................... .. .................... 575.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 575.00 8 /27 8 /27 Kenya .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /28 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 Sudan ................................................... .................... 402.57 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 402.57 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 15,629.66 .................... .................... . ................... 15,629.66 Hon. Marc Veasey ........................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Djibouti ................................................ . .................... 575.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 575.00 8 /27 8 /27 Kenya .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /28 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 Sudan ................................................... .................... 402.57 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 402.57 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 15,629.66 .................... .................... . ................... 15,629.66 Hon. Jimmy Panetta ....................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Djibouti ................................................. . ................... 575.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 5 75.00 8 /27 8 /27 Kenya .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /28 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 Sudan ................................................... .................... 402.57 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 402.57 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 15,629.66 .................... .................... . ................... 15,629.66 Mark Morehouse ............................................. 8 /26 8 /30 Djibouti ................................................
. .................... 575.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 575.00 8 /27 8 /27 Kenya .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /28 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 Sudan ................................................... .................... 402.57 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 402.57 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 15,629.66 .................... .................... . ................... 15,629.66 Katy Quinn ...................................................... 8 /26 8 /30 Djibouti ........................................... ...... .................... 575.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 575.00 8 /27 8 /27 Kenya .................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /28 8 /28 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 Sudan ................................................... .................... 402.57 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 402.57 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 15,629.66 .................... .................... . ................... 15,629.66 Travel to Germany, Poland, Estonia, Lithuania, Montenegro—August 26–September 3, 2017:.Hon. Doug Lamborn ........................................ 8 /27 8 /28 Germany ................................................ ... ................. 226.84 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 226 .84 8 /28 8 /29 Poland ................................................... .................... 334.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 334.61 8 /29 8 /30 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 325.81 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 325.81 8 /30 8 /31 Estonia .................................................. .................... 256.79 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 256.79 8 /31 9 /2 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 541.56 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 541.56 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9173 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Catherine Sendak ........................................... 8 /27 8 /28 Germany ................................................ . ................... 226.84 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 26.84 8 /28 8 /29 Poland ................................................... .................... 334.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 334.61 8 /29 8 /30 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 325.81 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 325.81 8 /30 8 /31 Estonia .................................................. .................... 256.79 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 256.79 8 /31 9 /2 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 541.56 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 541.56 Jennifer Bird ................................................... 8 /27 8 /28 Germany ............................................ .... .................... 226.84 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 226.84 8 /28 8 /29 Poland ................................................... .................... 334.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 334.61 8 /29 8 /30 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 325.81 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 325.81 8 /30 8 /31 Estonia .................................................. .................... 256.79 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 256.79 Travel to Japan, South Korea—September 14–24, 2017:.Hon. Joe Wilson .............................................. 9 /16 9 /18 Japan ................................................. ... .................... 731.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 731.62 9 /18 9 /21 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,080.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,080.19 Hon. Madeline Bordallo .................................. 9 /16 9 /18 Japan .................................................... .. .................. 731.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 73 1.62 9 /18 9 /21 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,080.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,080.19 Hon. Vicky Hartzler ......................................... 9 /16 9 /18 Japan .................................................. .. .................... 731.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 731.62 9 /18 9 /21 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,080.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,080.19 Hon. Carol Shea-Porter ................................... 9 /16 9 /18 Japan .................................................... . ................... 731.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 31.62 9 /18 9 /21 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,080.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,080.19 Craig Collier ................................................... 9 /16 9 /18 Japan .............................................. ...... .................... 731.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 731.62 9 /18 9 /21 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,080.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,080.19 Brian Garrett .................................................. 9 /16 9 /18 Japan ............................................... ..... .................... 731.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 731.62 9 /18 9 /21 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,080.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,080.19 Travel to United Kingdom, Latvia—September 17– 23, 2017:.Jason Schmid ................................................. 9 /18 9 /21 United Kingdom .................................... .... ................ 2,000.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2, 000.00 9 /21 9 /23 Latvia .................................................... .................... 226.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 226.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 8,736.36 .................... .................... .. .................. 8,736.36 Katy Quinn ...................................................... 9 /18 9 /21 United Kingdom .................................... . ................... 2,000.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 2,000.00 9 /21 9 /23 Latvia .................................................... .................... 226.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 226.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 8,736.36 .................... .................... .. .................. 8,736.36 Mark Morehouse ............................................. 9 /18 9 /21 United Kingdom .................................... ...... .............. 2,000.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,00 0.00 9 /21 9 /23 Latvia .................................................... .................... 226.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 226.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 8,736.36 .................... .................... .. .................. 8,736.36 Catherine Sendak ........................................... 9 /18 9 /21 United Kingdom .................................... ...... .............. 2,000.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,00 0.00 Commercial airfare ................................ ............. ................. ............................................... ................ .................... .................... .................... 3,444.36 .................... .................... .. .................. 3,444.36 
Committee total ............................ ............. ................. ...................................................... ......... .................... 95,142.63 .................... 263,368.04 .................... .................... ................. ... 358,510.67 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Gary Palmer .................................................... 6 /30 7 /9 Australia ....................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... ............. ................. New Zealand ......................................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. Vietnam ................................................ .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. South Korea .......................................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 847.30 ....... ............. (
3) .................... .................... .................... 847.30 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 847.30 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 847.30 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. DIANE BLACK, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Greg Walden .................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland .......................................... ........ .................... 776.00 .................... (3) .................... 4,946.00 .................... 5,722.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... 9,748.10 .................... 10,283.62 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 7,757.00 .................... 8,463.00 Hon. Fred Upton ...................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ......................................... ......... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ........................................... ....... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Hon. Susan Brooks .................................................. 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ........................................... ....... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Hon. Gus Bilirakis ................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ......................................... ......... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Hon. Frank Pallone .................................................. 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland .......................................... ........ .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Hon. Jerry McNerney ................................................ 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ........................................... ....... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Thomas Hassenboehler ............................................ 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland .............................................. .... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Hamlin Wade ........................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ........................................ .......... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Nicholas Strader ...................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ........................................ .......... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9174 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Theresa Gambo ........................................................ 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ......................................... ......... .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Jeffrey Carroll .......................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 Iceland ..................................... ............. .................... 776.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 776.00 7 /4 7 /5 Norway .................................................. .................... 535.52 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 535.52 7 /6 7 /6 Sweden ................................................. .................... 706.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 706.00 Hon. Bill Flores ........................................................ 7 /30 8 /1 Italy ....................................... ................ .................... 751.35 .................... 3,818.16 .................... .................... ............... ..... 4,569.51 8 /1 8 /2 Spain .................................................... .................... 319.38 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 319.38 8 /2 8 /3 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 330.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 330.00 Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 8 /27 8 /28 Germany ......................................... ....... .................... 228.82 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 228.82 8 /28 8 /29 Poland ................................................... .................... 546.33 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 546.33 8 /29 8 /30 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 321.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 321.53 8 /30 8 /31 Estonia .................................................. .................... 252.58 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 252.58 8 /31 9 /2 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 658.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 658.00 Hon. Earl ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter ....................................... 8 /27 8 /28 Germany ........................................... ..... .................... 228.82 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 228.82 8 /28 8 /29 Poland ................................................... .................... 546.33 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 546.33 8 /29 8 /30 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 321.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 321.53 8 /30 8 /31 Estonia .................................................. .................... 252.58 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 252.58 8 /31 9 /2 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 658.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 658.00 Thomas Hassenboehler ............................................ 8 /28 8 /29 Argentina .......................................... .... .................... 395.20 .................... 5,462.19 .................... 366.63 .................... 6,224.02 8 /29 8 /30 Chile ..................................................... .................... 348.09 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 348.09 8 /31 9 /2 Mexico ................................................... .................... 968.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 417.00 .................... 1,385.00 Mary Martin ............................................................. 8 /28 8 /29 Argentina .................................. ............ .................... 395.20 .................... 5,462.19 .................... .................... ................... . 5,857.39 8 /29 8 /30 Chile ..................................................... .................... 348.09 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 348.09 8 /31 9 /2 Mexico ................................................... .................... 968.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 968.00 Ann Johnston ........................................................... 8 /28 8 /29 Argentina ................................... ........... .................... 395.20 .................... 5,462.19 .................... .................... .................... 5,857.39 8 /29 8 /30 Chile ..................................................... .................... 348.09 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 348.09 8 /31 9 /2 Mexico ................................................... .................... 968.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 968.00 Brandon Mooney ...................................................... 8 /28 8 /29 Argentina ...................................... ........ .................... 395.20 .................... 5,462.19 .................... .................... .................... 5,8 57.39 8 /29 8 /30 Chile ..................................................... .................... 348.09 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 348.09 8 /31 9 /2 Mexico ................................................... .................... 968.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 968.00 Eric Kessler .............................................................. 8 /28 8 /29 Argentina ................................ .............. .................... 395.20 .................... 5,462.19 .................... .................... ................. ... 5,857.37 8 /29 8 /30 Chile ..................................................... .................... 348.09 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 348.09 8 /31 9 /02 Mexico ................................................... .................... 968.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 968.00 Timothy Robinson .................................................... 8 /28 8 /29 Argentina ...................................... ........ .................... 266.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 266.20 8 /29 8 /30 Chile ..................................................... .................... 232.09 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 232.09 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 38,680.23 .................... 31,129.11 .................... 23,234.73 ............... ..... 93,044.07 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. GREG WALDEN, Chairman, Oct. 26, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Daniel Kildee ................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ..................................... .... .................... 353.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 353.45 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,073.31 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,073.31 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 275.83 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 275.83 7 /7 7 /9 South Korea .......................................... .................... 352.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 352.00 Hon. Alex Mooney ..................................................... 8 /22 8 /29 Italy ......................................... .............. .................... 1,128.60 .................... 1,869.46 .................... 292.40 .................... 3,290.46  Hon. Andy Barr ........................................................ 8 /27 8 /28 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 226.84 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 226.84 8 /28 8 /29 Poland ................................................... .................... 334.61 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 334.61 8 /29 8 /30 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 325.81 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 325.81 8 /30 8 /31 Estonia .................................................. .................... 256.79 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 256.79 8 /31 9 /2 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 541.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 541.56 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 4,868.80 .................... 1,869.46 .................... 292.40 .................... 7,030.66 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 7 /1 7 /3 Egypt ......................................... ............ .................... 1,246.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,246.00 7 /3 7 /5 Greece ................................................... .................... 1,020.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,020.00 7 /5 7 /8 Belarus ................................................. .................... 912.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 912.00 Doug Campbell ........................................................ 7 /1 7 /3 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 721.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 721.00 7 /3 7 /5 Greece ................................................... .................... 616.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 616.00 7 /5 7 /8 Belarus ................................................. .................... 702.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 702.00 Hon. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ............................ . .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Hon. Albio Sires ....................................................... 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic .......................... ... .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Hon. Robin Kelly ...................................................... 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ........................... .. .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Hon. Adriano Espaillat ............................................ 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ............................. .. .................. 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9175 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Hon. Norma Torres ................................................... 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ............................. .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Rebecca Ulrich ........................................................ 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ........................... .. .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Elizabeth Heng ........................................................ 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ........................... .. .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Juan Carlos Monje ................................................... 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ............................. .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Sadaf Khan .............................................................. 7 /28 7 /30 Dominican Republic ......................... .... .................... 664.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 664.10 7 /30 7 /30 Haiti ...................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /30 8 /2 Colombia ............................................... .................... 978.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 978.30 8 /2 8 /5 Peru ...................................................... .................... 845.54 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 845.54 Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 8 /8 8 /9 Estonia ............................................. ..... .................... 252.30 .................... 7,540.30 .................... .................... .................... 7,792. 60 8 /9 8 /11 Latvia .................................................... .................... 457.52 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 457.52 8 /11 8 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 253.03 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 253.03 8 /13 8 /14 Romania ............................................... .................... 226.45 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 226.45 Tom Sheehy ............................................................. 8 /8 8 /9 Estonia ....................................... ........... .................... 252.30 .................... 11,330.76 .................... .................... ................... . 11,583.06 8 /9 8 /11 Latvia .................................................... .................... 457.52 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 457.52 8 /11 8 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 253.03 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 253.03 8 /13 8 /14 Romania ............................................... .................... 226.45 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 226.45 Hon. Gregory W. Meeks ............................................ 8 /12 8 /13 Germany ........................................... ..... .................... 199.64 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 199.64 8 /13 8 /15 Uganda ................................................. .................... 703.36 .................... 8,649.09 .... ................ .................... .................... 9.352.45 8 /15 8 /17 Madagascar .......................................... .................... 378.90 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 378.90 Kristen Marquardt ................................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Turkey ......................................... .......... .................... 637.67 .................... 5,313.26 .................... .................... .................... 5 ,950.93 8 /19 8 /21 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 2,467.00 . ................... .................... .................... 2,489.00 8 /21 8 /22 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 162.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 162.00 8 /22 8 /23 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 479.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 479.00 Joan Condon ............................................................ 8 /16 8 /19 Turkey ...................................... ............. .................... 634.67 .................... 9,771.82 .................... .................... .................. .. 10,406.49 8 /19 8 /21 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 2,467.00 . ................... .................... .................... 2,489.00 8 /21 8 /22 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 162.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 162.00 Mira Resnick ............................................................ 8 /16 8 /19 Turkey ..................................... .............. .................... 715.47 .................... 10,918.86 .................... .................... ................ .... 11,634.33 8 /21 8 /22 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 4,012.00 . ................... .................... .................... 4,034.00 8 /22 8 /23 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 162.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 162.00 Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea ....................................... ... .................... 1,034.00 .................... 10,466.00 .................... .................... .................... 11,50 0.00 8 /30 9 /2 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 858.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 858.00 Hon. Ted Yoho ......................................................... 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea .................................. ........ .................... 1,034.00 .................... 15,150.96 .................... .................... .................... 16,184.96 8 /30 9 /2 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 802.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 802.00 Hon. Ami Bera ......................................................... 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea .................................. ........ .................... 775.00 .................... 14,248.66 .................... .................... .................... 15 ,023.66 8 /30 9 /2 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 423.00 .................... 328.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 751.00 Hon. Brad Schneider ............................................... 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea ...................................... .... .................... 1,034.00 .................... 10,117.16 .................... .................... .................... 11,1 51.16 Szu-Nien Su ............................................................. 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea ................................ .......... .................... 955.00 .................... 11,078.16 .................... .................... .................... 12,033.16 8 /30 9 /2 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 634.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 634.00 Shelley Su ................................................................ 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea .............................. ............ .................... 914.00 .................... 10,972.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 11,886.00 8 /30 9 /2 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 707.00 .................... 328.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,035.00 Audra McGeorge ...................................................... 8 /30 9 /2 Taiwan .......................................... ........ .................... 934.00 .................... 10,972.00 .................... .................... .................... 11 ,906.00 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea .......................................... .................... 702.00 .................... 328.00 ........ ............ .................... .................... 1,030.00 Don Macdonald ........................................................ 8 /30 9 /2 Taiwan ......................................... ......... .................... 669.30 .................... 10,912.00 .................... .................... .................... 1 1,581.30 8 /27 8 /30 South Korea .......................................... .................... 601.00 .................... 328.00 ........ ............ .................... .................... 929.00 Gabriella Ra’anan ................................................... 8 /29 9 /1 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,460.00 .................... 1,743.18 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,203.18 Matthew Zweig ........................................................ 8 /29 9 /1 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,554.00 .................... 1,778.18 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,332.18 Russell Solomon ...................................................... 8 /29 9 /1 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,554.00 .................... 1,778.18 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,332.18 Mark Iozzi ................................................................ 8 /29 9 /1 Israel .................................... ................. .................... 1,460.00 .................... 8,982.18 .................... .................... ............ ........ 10,442,18 Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 9 /15 9 /19 Belize ...................................... .............. .................... 561.00 .................... 3,560.66 .................... .................... ................. ... 4,121.66 Jason Steinbaum ..................................................... 9 /15 9 /19 Belize ......................................... ........... .................... 561.00 .................... 1,063.66 .................... .................... .................... 1,624.66 Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 9 /17 9 /19 Belize ...................................... .............. .................... 322.00 .................... 567.66 .................... .................... ................... . 889.66 Oren Adaki ............................................................... 8 /27 8 /29 Hungary ................................... ............. .................... 594.00 .................... 5,188.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 5,782.00 8 /29 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 908.23 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 908.23 Philip Bednarczyk .................................................... 8 /27 8 /29 Hungary ....................................... ......... .................... 594.00 .................... 4,028.96 .................... .................... .................... 4, 622.96 8 /29 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 908.23 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 908.23 Gregory Simpkins ..................................................... 8 /26 9 /1 Sudan .......................................... ......... .................... 1,497.60 .................... 2,114.16 .................... .................... .................... 3,611.76 Meghan Gallagher ................................................... 8 /26 9 /1 Sudan ............................................
....... .................... 1,531.60 .................... 2,114.16 .................... .................... .................... 3, 645.76 Janet Yarwood ......................................................... 8 /26 9 /1 Sudan ......................................... .......... .................... 1,497.60 .................... 2,417.76 .................... .................... ................... . 3,915.36 Lesley Warner .......................................................... 8 /26 9 /1 Sudan ........................................ ........... .................... 1,562.60 .................... 2,114.16 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,676.76 Hon. Ann Wagner ..................................................... 8 /18 8 /19 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 559.06 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 559.06 8 /19 8 /22 South Korea .......................................... .................... 1,048.40 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,048.40 8 /22 8 /23 China .................................................... .................... 386.64 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 386.64 Eddy Acevedo ........................................................... 8 /26 8 /28 Israel ...................................... ............... .................... 1,092.00 .................... 6,360.18 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 8 /28 8 /30 Belgium ................................................ .................... 574.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 448.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... Golan Rodgers ......................................................... 8 /26 8 /28 Israel ....................................... .............. .................... 1,072.00 .................... 6,360.18 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 8 /28 8 /30 Belgium ................................................ .................... 574.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 448.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... Sadaf Khan .............................................................. 8 /26 8 /28 Israel ..................................... ................ .................... 1,092.00 .................... 6,360.18 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 8 /28 8 /30 Belgium ................................................ .................... 634.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /30 8 /31 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 468.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... Bryan Burack ........................................................... 8 /29 8 /31 Sri Lanka ................................... ........... .................... 803.51 .................... 10,948.46 .................... .................... ................... . .................... 8 /31 9 /3 India ..................................................... .................... 1,027.03 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... Sajit Gandhi ............................................................ 8 /29 8 /31 Sri Lanka .................................. ............ .................... 703.00 .................... 8,633.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... 8 /31 9 /3 India ..................................................... .................... 863.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Janice Kaguyutan .................................................... 8 /29 8 /31 Sri Lanka ...................................... ........ .................... 703.00 .................... 8,633.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 8 /31 9 /3 India ..................................................... .................... 1,026.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 71,234.57 .................... 242,444.93 .................... .................... .... ................ 313,679.50 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9176 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
R. Propis .................................................................. 7 /30 8 /1 Jordan ................................... ................ .................... 710.85 .................... 11,901.06 .................... .................... .............. ...... 12,611.91 8 /1 8 /3 Belgium ................................................ .................... 643.93 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 643.93 8 /3 8 /4 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 274.13 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 274.13 8 /4 8 /6 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 722.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 722.50 J. Ware ..................................................................... 7 /30 8 /1 Jordan .................................. ................. .................... 710.85 .................... 12,534.06 .................... .................... ............. ....... 13,244.91 8 /1 8 /3 Belgium ................................................ .................... 643.93 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 643.93 8 /3 8 /4 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 274.13 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 274.13 8 /4 8 /6 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 722.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 722.50 J. Olin ...................................................................... 7 /30 8 /1 Jordan ................................. .................. .................... 710.85 .................... 12,534.06 .................... .................... ............ ........ 13,244.91 8 /1 8 /3 Belgium ................................................ .................... 643.93 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 643.93 8 /3 8 /4 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 274.13 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 274.13 8 /4 8 /6 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 722.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 722.50 A. Northrop .............................................................. 7 /30 8 /1 Jordan ..................................... .............. .................... 710.85 .................... 12,534.06 .................... .................... ................ .... 13,244.91 8 /1 8 /3 Belgium ................................................ .................... 643.92 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 643.92 8 /3 8 /4 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 274.13 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 274.13 8 /4 8 /6 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 722.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 722.50 Additional Expenses: OT, mileage .................................................... 7 /30 8 /1 Jordan ............................................... .... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 843.50 ................ .... 843.50 Local transportation ....................................... 8 /1 8 /3 Belgium ................................................ ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,952.94 .................... 1 ,952.94 Exp. services, Local transportation ................ 8 /3 8 /4 Netherlands .......................................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,206.30 .................... 1,206.30 Local transportation ....................................... 8 /4 8 /6 United Kingdom .................................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,420.34 .................... 1,420. 34 K. Harvey ................................................................. 8 /13 8 /15 Argentina ................................ .............. .................... 909.40 .................... 2,235.21 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,144.61 8 /15 8 /17 Peru ...................................................... .................... 866.30 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 866.30 K. Klein .................................................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Argentina .............................. ................ .................... 911.40 .................... 2,019.01 .................... .................... ............... ..... 2,930.41 8 /15 8 /17 Peru ...................................................... .................... 868.30 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 868.30 D. Bergwin ............................................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Argentina ................................. ............. .................... 857.40 .................... 3,573.90 .................... .................... .................. .. 4,431.30 8 /15 8 /17 Peru ...................................................... .................... 814.30 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 814.30 L. McClain ............................................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Argentina ................................. ............. .................... 870.40 .................... 2,435.50 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,305.90 8 /15 8 /17 Peru ...................................................... .................... 827.30 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 827.30 
Committee total .............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... 16,330.43 .................... 59,766.86 .................... 5,423.08 ........... ......... 81,520.37 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. *Airfare inclusive of multiple legs of trip. HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Reynold Schweickhardt ............................................ 8 /29 8 /30 Canada ............................................ ..... 260.71 116.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... 260.71 116.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... 260.71 116.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... 260.71 116. 00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. GREGG HARPER, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Robert Goodlatte ........................ 7 /5 7 /8 Belarus ................................................................. ...... .................... 168.00 .................... 2,352.70 .................... 440.00 .................... 2,960.70 Robert Parmiter .................................. 7 /5 7 /8 Belarus ............................................................. .......... .................... 168.00 .................... 2,352.70 .................... 300.00 .................... 2,820.70 Hon. Steven King ................................ 6 /30 7 /8 Egypt, Greece, Belarus, Lithuania ............................. ...... .............. 688.00 .................... (
3) .................... 2,490.00 .................... 3,178.00 Hon. Robert Goodlatte ........................ 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco .................... 868 .00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 Hon. Steven King ................................ 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco .................... 868.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 Hon. Blake Farenthold ........................ 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco .................... 868 .00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 Hon. Sheila Jackson Lee .................... 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco .................... 868.0 0 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 Shelley Husband ................................. 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco .................... 868.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 Margaret Barr ..................................... 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco .................. .. 868.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 John Coleman ..................................... 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco ................... . 868.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 James Park ......................................... 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco ................. ... 868.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 Peter Larkin ........................................ 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco ................ .... 868.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 John Manning ..................................... 8 /12 8 /21 Germany, Uganda, Madagascar, Tanzania, Morocco ................... . 868.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,643.73 .................... 2,511.73 Hon. Steven Cohen ............................. 8 /26 9 /2 Germany, Poland, Estonia, Lithuania, Montenegro ... .................... 621.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,138.57 .................... 1,759.57 
Committee total .................... ............. ................. .............................................................. ...................... .................... 10,325.00 .................... 4,705.40 .................... 20,805.87 ................ .... 35,836.27 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Mark Walker .................................................... 7 /2 7 /3 New Zealand ...................................... ... .................... 454.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 454.00 7 /3 7 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 951.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 951.00 7 /6 7 /7 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 278.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 278.00 7 /7 7 /8 Korea ..................................................... .................... 373.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 373.00 Brick Christensen .................................................... 7 /6 7 /8 Qatar ........................................... .......... .................... 778.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 778.00 7 /8 7 /9 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /9 7 /10 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 485.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 485.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,500.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9177 November 13, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Cordell Hull .............................................................. 7 /6 7 /8 Qatar ...................................... ............... .................... 778.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 778.00 7 /8 7 /9 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /9 7 /10 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 485.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 485.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,500.00 Valerie Shen ............................................................ 7 /6 7 /8 Qatar ........................................ ............. .................... 778.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 778.00 7 /8 7 /9 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /9 7 /10 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 485.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 485.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,500.00 Krista Boyd .............................................................. 7 /6 7 /8 Qatar ....................................... .............. .................... 778.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 778.00 7 /8 7 /9 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /9 7 /10 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 485.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 485.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,500.00 Hon. Carolyn Maloney .............................................. 8 /18 8 /19 Japan ............................................ ........ .................... 579.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 579.00 8 /19 8 /22 Korea ..................................................... .................... 791.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 791.00 8 /22 8 /23 China .................................................... .................... 387.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 387.00 Hon. Stephen Lynch ................................................. 8 /27 8 /29 Czech Rep. ...................................... ...... .................... 832.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 832.00 8 /29 8 /31 Slovakia ................................................ .................... 544.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 544.00 8 /31 9 /1 Slovenia ................................................ .................... 275.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 275.00 9 /1 9 /2 Kosovo ................................................... .................... 172.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 172.00 Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. .............................. ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 1,319.00 .................... 1,319.00 Hon. Stephen Lynch ................................................. ............. ................. .............................. ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,812.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,812.00 Hon. Dennis Ross .................................................... 8 /27 8 /28 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 298.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 298.00 8 /28 8 /29 Poland ................................................... .................... 356.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 356.00 8 /29 8 /30 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 326.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 326.00 8 /30 8 /31 Estonia .................................................. .................... 259.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 259.00 8 /31 9 /2 Montenegro ........................................... .................... 574.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 574.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 14,229.00 .................... 17,812.00 .................... 1,319.00 ................ .... 33,360.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3149. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Credit Union Occupancy, Plan-ning, and Disposal of Acquired and Aban-doned Premises; Incidental Powers (RIN: 3133-AE54) received November 8, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3150. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Health Education Assist-ance Loan (HEAL) Program [Docket ID: ED- 2017-OPE-0031] (RIN: 1840-AD21) received No-vember 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3151. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Prohibition of Children’s Toys and Child Care Articles Con-taining Specified Phthalates [Docket No.: CPSC-2014-0033] received November 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3152. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Community Right-to- Know; Adopting 2017 North American Indus-try Classification System (NAICS) Codes for Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) Reporting; Withdrawal [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2017-0197; FRL- 9968-26] (RIN: 2070-AK32) received November 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3153. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — State of Iowa; Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plan, the Operating Permits Program, and the 111(d) Plan [EPA-R07-OAR- 2017-0470; FRL-9970-85-Region 7] received No-vember 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3154. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NH; Approval of Recordkeeping and Report-ing Requirements and Single Source Order [EPA-R01-OAR-2017-0266; A-1-FRL-9970-64-Re-gion 1] received November 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3155. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Designations for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2017-0548; FRL-9970-77-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT33) received November 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3156. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Determination of Attain-ment by the Attainment Date for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard; District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia; Washington, DC-MD-VA Area [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0369; FRL-9970-70-Region 3] received November 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3157. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Rhode Island; Enhanced Motor Vehicle In-spection and Maintenance Program [EPA- R01-OAR-2009-0436; FRL-9970-66-Region 1] re-ceived November 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3158. A letter from the Bureau Chief, Inter-national Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Update to Parts 2 and 25 Con-cerning Non- Geostationary, Fixed-Satellite Service Systems and Related Matters [IB Docket No.: 16-408] received November 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3159. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9178 November 13, 2017 
the Board’s final rule — Revisions to the Cost-of-Capital Composite Railroad Criteria [Docket No.: EP 664 (Sub-No. 3)] received No-vember 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3160. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Government Contracting and Busi-ness Development, Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting the Administration’s direct final rule — HUBZone and Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Sta-bility Act (PROMESA) Amendments (RIN: 3245-AG92) received November 8, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2331. A bill to re-quire a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–406). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3739. A bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–407). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 616. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2874) to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new tech-nology and better maps, to increase the role of private markets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for al-ternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 408). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1. A bill to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; with amendments (Rept. 115–409). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself, Mr. M
ITCHELL , and Mr. G ARRETT ): H.R. 4372. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require borrowers to repay Federal student loans under an in-come-based repayment plan or a standard re-payments plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 4373. A bill to modernize and strength-en the United States anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing regime; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 4374. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical prod-ucts to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Mr. K NIGHT ): H.R. 4375. A bill to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal re-search grants to science agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 4376. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to re-search equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. K
NIGHT ): H.R. 4377. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out an upgrade to research equipment and construct research user fa-cilities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. K
NIGHT , and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 4378. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile reactor-based fast neutron source, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. E VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 4379. A bill to ensure that signifi-cantly more students graduate college with the international knowledge and experience essential for success in today’s global econ-omy through the establishment of the Sen-ator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Department of Education; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 4380. A bill to make certain improve-ments relating to the hiring and employ-ment of members of the Armed Forces, vet-erans, and their spouses, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 4381. A bill to require certain holders of a certificate of public convenience and ne-cessity issued under the Natural Gas Act to suspend activities authorized by the certifi-cate until violations relating to air quality are remediated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia (for him-self, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. R
USSELL , and Mr. C UELLAR ): H. Con. Res. 92. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the deep and abiding friendship be-tween the United States and Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PITTENGER (for himself, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. J ONES , Mr. F LORES , Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON  of Louisiana, and Mr. L
AMBORN ): H. Con. Res. 93. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the opening of the Museum of the Bible in Washington, D.C., the only museum of its size and scope in the world devoted ex-clusively to the Bible; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H. Res. 615. A resolution designating the Democratic Cloakroom in the Hall of the House of Representatives as the ‘‘Gabrielle Giffords-Leo J. Ryan Cloakroom‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, and Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. EMMER: H. Res. 617. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the third Thursday of November as ‘‘World Wide Pressure Injury Prevention Day’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H. Res. 618. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the third Wednesday of November as ‘‘Utility Scam Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statement is sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 4381. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 4372. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform through the United States. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 4373. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Section 10 By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 4374. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13NO7.000 H13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9179 November 13, 2017 
By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4375. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4376. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 4377. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 4378. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 4380. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 44: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 173: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 391: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 394: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 459: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 483: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 535: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 559: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 664: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 671: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 747: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 771: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 785: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 788: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 820: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 846: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 907: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1031: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1148: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1153: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 1243: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 1267: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1271: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. K IND. H.R. 1339: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 1676: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. F ERGUSON , and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1811: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 1825: Mr. P
ERRY and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 1838: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1865: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1917: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 2138: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 2273: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2320: Mr. B
EYER and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H.R. 2339: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2341: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 2550: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2591: Mr. G
IANFORTE and Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 2670: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 2723: Mr. C
OMER and Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 2740: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 2790: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2909: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 3174: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3179: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 3186: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3222: Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3273: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 3282: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3397: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3511: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3513: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3546: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3596: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M
ESSER , and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3671: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3759: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mrs. B
USTOS , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3787: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3798: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 3871: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3963: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3983: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3999: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4007: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4022: Mr. C
OLE, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. K IND, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S
CHRADER , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 4082: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4090: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 4131: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 4143: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4176: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 4192: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4206: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4207: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 4223: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4227: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4239: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4240: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. H ECK, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C
LAY, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4253: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 4254: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 4265: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 4268: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4269: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 4273: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 4279: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 4280: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4290: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4302: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4320: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4323: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 4324: Mr. B
UDD, Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4327: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 4329: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 4332: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 4333: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 4339: Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 4360: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4363: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Ms. L EE. H. Con. Res. 63: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 28: Mr. M
AST. H. Res. 128: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. B LUM. H. Res. 407: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H. Res. 495: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H. Res. 570: Mr. M
AST. H. Res. 604: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Res. 614: Mr. M
EEKS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.021 H13NOPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7169 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2017 No. 185 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4:03 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our Father, in these turbulent and uncertain times use our lawmakers to live to bless others, bringing glory to Your Name with their sacrificial service. Lord, give them wisdom to per-severe through the difficult, to stay calm when facing the irritating, and to experience Your peace even when things go wrong. Enable them to be helpful to the challenged, kind to the needy, and sympathetic to those whose hearts are bruised by life’s setbacks. Surround our Senators with Your pro-tection and the shield of Your Divine favor, bringing them to Your expected end. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 13, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable JONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, for too long many in America’s middle- class families felt left behind by the Obama economy. Paychecks seemed to stagnate, good-paying jobs seemed harder to find, and opportunities seemed difficult to come by. Our country can do better for hard- working families, and that is exactly what we are working to deliver as we continue our efforts to pass tax reform. It is a once-in-a-generation oppor-tunity, and it is the most important thing we can do today to get our econ-omy really growing again and going again. Last week, the House Ways and Means Committee passed its proposal to lower taxes and to boost economic growth. I would like to commend Chairman B
RADY for his efforts to get the bill approved by the Committee and to the floor of the House. Here in the Senate, we also remain focused on tax reform this week. Today, the Finance Committee began its mark-up of the tax reform proposal released last week. Under the leader-ship of Chairman H
ATCH , the com-mittee will consider this plan that really has been many years and dozens of hearings in the making. The Finance Committee’s tax plan will help hard-working Americans keep more of their own money. It will help create more jobs here at home, and it will help increase opportunities for the middle class. Consider this from a re-cent news report titled: ‘‘Middle class biggest winners in Senate tax plan, study says.’’ ‘‘Moderate-income people would con-sistently see the largest percentage de-clines in their tax bills,’’ the article says, ‘‘according to an analysis re-leased late Saturday by the official, nonpartisan Joint Committee on Tax-ation.’’ ‘‘In 2019,’’ the article continues, ‘‘people in the middle of the income spectrum earning, between $50,000 and [$75,000], would see their taxes fall by 7.1 percent. Those earning between $20,000 and $30,000 would see a 10.4 per-cent decline.’’ Here is another recent article, titled: ‘‘Senate bill would cut taxes by $1.78 trillion, create [925,000] new jobs, study finds.’’ The article noted that the Finance Committee’s bill ‘‘would boost the economy, creating 925,000 new jobs and raising wages by 2.9 percent over 10 years, according to a new analysis re-leased Thursday by the Tax Founda-tion.’’ According to that study, fami-lies in my home State of Kentucky can see a boost to after-tax incomes for middle-income families,’’ of nearly $2,000. Earlier today, I had an opportunity to meet with a number of Kentucky small business owners and workers to hear from them about the importance of tax reform. We discussed how this ef-fort can help provide relief to small businesses and middle-class families by making taxes lower, simpler, and fair-er. Tax reform can help provide real re-lief to families and small businesses that felt left behind by our economy. The proposal that the committee will take up today is the product of years of listening to people across the country who are calling out for relief. It is from careful study of our current Tax Code, understanding what it gets right and what it too often gets wrong. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.000 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7170 November 13, 2017 
The Senate’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act represents the consensus views of the Finance Committee members and it re-flects the values shared by the House, the Senate, and the Trump administra-tion, put forward in our unified frame-work earlier this year. Chairman H
ATCH has shown impressive leadership to craft this proposal, and I look for-ward to his continued guidance of the committee under regular order. Today, members will have the oppor-tunity to give opening statements and provide their insights on the proposal. During this process, the committee will consider amendments from both sides. As of this morning, more than 300 amendments have been filed by both Republican and Democrat mem-bers. Additionally, all Senators will have the chance to share their opinions here on the Senate floor. This is an open process. It is time to reform our Tax Code and provide much needed relief to the hard- working men and women of this coun-try. The Finance Committee’s proposal would do just that. In a related action this week, the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, under the leadership of Chairman M
URKOWSKI , will begin to mark up legislation supporting our Na-tion’s energy security. Further devel-oping Alaska’s oil and gas potential in an environmentally responsible way is an important effort to help create new jobs, generate new wealth, and provide for our energy future and energy secu-rity. These committee markups are posi-tive steps toward growing our economy and helping the middle class. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, the Senate will continue its progress in confirming the President’s nominees. Last week we confirmed multiple nominees to a number of Federal agen-cies. Soon they will get on the job for our country. This week we will start by consid-ering two nominees for the Department of Transportation. Later today, the Senate will vote to confirm Derek Kan to serve as the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy. Mr. Kan has experience in a wide range of transpor-tation matters, from Amtrak to ride- sharing platforms. His career in both the private and public sectors will serve him well as he works to develop important policies related to our Na-tion’s infrastructure. I will be sup-porting Mr. Kan’s nomination, and I would urge all Senators to join me. Next, we will consider the nomina-tion of Steven Bradbury to be general counsel of the Department of Transpor-tation. During Mr. Bradbury’s service at the Justice Department in the Bush administration, he advised the execu-tive branch on various legal and con-stitutional questions. I am grateful that he has chosen to serve our Nation once again. Next up will be David Zatezalo to serve as the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health and, then, Joseph Otting to be the Comp-troller of the Currency. Finally, we have two more talented and qualified nominees to serve as Federal district court judges, Donald Coggins and Dabney Friedrich. Thoughtful consideration of Presi-dent Trump’s nominees is an important responsibility of the Senate, and we will continue to move swiftly so they can get to work for the American peo-ple. I look forward to considering each of them this week, and I would urge all of our colleagues to join me. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the Kan nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
PRESIDENT ’S TRIP TO ASIA  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I am going to spend the bulk of my time this afternoon focusing on the tax plan, but first I must address President Trump’s trip to Asia. Without exaggeration, the Presi-dent’s trip to Asia has been one of the most embarrassing foreign trips a President has taken in my memory. It shows when it comes to foreign policy, President Trump is not ready for prime time. After a campaign in which he rou-tinely criticized China—rightly, in my opinion—for rapacious trading prac-tices that have stolen American jobs and depressed American wages, Presi-dent Trump went to China and gave them a get-out-of-jail-free card. In-stead of speaking sternly and truth-fully to the Chinese leaders about the realities of our unbalanced and unfair trade system—where we play by the rules, and they do not; we lose jobs, they gain them—President Trump tried to appease the Chinese and their lead-er. Instead of demanding concessions on trade, instead of demanding the same equal access to markets we provide Chinese firms, instead of addressing the sordid history of intellectual prop-erty theft and extortion, President Trump was eager to let China off the hook, saying it was ‘‘not their fault’’ but rather the failure of American Presidents. Imagine blaming America for the Chinese trade imbalance and letting China get off scot-free. Is that putting America first? President Xi flattered President Trump, and he fell for it hook, line, and sinker. From each of his inter-actions with President Xi, President Trump has only gotten flattery, pomp, and circumstance but nothing for the American worker—nothing. If he keeps this approach up with a growing economic power like China, President Trump will be the author of a new international reality: America second. Concerning the situation on the Ko-rean Peninsula, instead of working to-ward a new meaningful understanding of how to best deal with North Korea, President Trump traded petty barbs with the President of North Korea on Twitter. Close your eyes for a moment and imagine if this was the way Roo-sevelt behaved toward Stalin or Eisen-hower toward Khrushchev or Kennedy toward Castro. This is below the dig-nity of the Office of President of the United States, and it erodes America’s power in the world. Worst of all, again, President Trump seemed to instinctively accept the word of President Putin against 17 U.S. intelligence agencies about whether Russia interfered in our election. We know that Russia interfered with our elections. Our entire intelligence com-munity—17 agencies—has concluded it. Why does President Trump continue to give President Putin the benefit of the doubt while discrediting and demean-ing American intelligence officers? It is shameful, unpatriotic—deeply unpa-triotic—and he only halfheartedly walked back his comment after the fact. Every American should wonder why President Trump goes to such great lengths to avoid criticizing Presi-dent Putin. After 8 years of Republicans ques-tioning President Obama’s toughness with foreign leaders—an attack that I give no credence to by repeating—it seems that President Trump, not Presi-dent Obama, is the one who is afraid to take on America’s adversaries. He for-gives China and cozies up to President Putin. For the steelworker in Ohio or in Up-state New York whose job is on the line 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.001 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7171 November 13, 2017 
because China is dumping cheap steel and aluminum into our markets, that is not good enough. For every Amer-ican concerned about the sanctity of our elections, that is not good enough. When it comes to standing up for the needs of the American worker, for American firms, and for American con-sumers, when it comes to standing up for American democracy, this Presi-dent needs to wake up and toughen up. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Madam President, now on taxes. Today the Finance Committee will begin to mark up the Senate Repub-lican tax plan. The bill put forward by the chairman will not contain the ideas of a single Democrat in the Senate. It is the result of not a single negotiation between our two parties. It has been discussed in exactly zero hearings, its merits weighed by exactly zero expert witnesses. Rather, the tax bill is one party’s backroom deliberations, and though it will affect nearly every person and in-dustry in the country, it is being rushed through committee and may come to the floor of the Senate in a matter of weeks. The Republican leadership is making a mockery of the legislative process, a mockery of regular order, and the rea-son for such reckless haste is all too obvious. The product is a wretched one. If Republicans had crafted a popular bill that could get bipartisan support, they would have announced it with great fanfare and fanned out all over the country to champion it. Instead, it is being rushed through with hardly any consideration because my Repub-lican friends know from their experi-ence with healthcare that the longer an unpopular idea is left out in the open, the more it would fester in the public’s mind. That is what will happen with this tax bill because of one simple reason: It is focused on the wealthy to the ex-clusion of the middle class. While big corporations and wealthy individuals get lower rates and new permanent loopholes, the middle class gets bene-fits that expire. Corporations will be able to continue to deduct their State and local taxes while individual tax-payers will not. Wealthy estates worth over $5 million are ensured a massive tax break while millions of middle- class families lose their popular deduc-tions like the personal exemption. That is why, according to an analysis by the New York Times, under the House Republican bill, nearly one-third of all middle-class taxpayers will see a tax hike next year. Let me repeat that. Under the House Republican bill, near-ly one-third of all middle-class tax-payers will see a tax hike next year, and almost half of middle-class tax-payers will see a hike in 10 years. According to a JCT analysis of the Senate Republican bill, of all the tax-payers making less than $200,000 a year, 13 million will see a tax hike next year in 2019, and nearly 20 million Ameri-cans will see a tax hike by 2027. An-other 64 million Americans making under $200,000 a year will see no change in their taxes. Meanwhile, everyone at the very top, the top 1 percent, will see tax cuts of tens of thousands of dollars. One hundred times more money would go to a family earning $1 million a year as a family making between $40,000 and $50,000. Now, let me ask you, who needs the tax break more, the family making $50,000 or the family making $1 mil-lion? God bless the wealthy. So many of them worked hard to achieve great wealth. Good, but they don’t need a tax break; middle-class people do. Now President Trump is suggesting Republicans tip the scales even more in favor of the rich by repealing the indi-vidual mandate to pay for more tax cuts for the rich. Here is what he tweeted. I find this hard to believe. How out of touch can the President be with the American people? 
How about ending the unfair and highly unpopular Indiv[idual] Mandate . . . & reduc-ing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle [class] in-come cuts. 
What does the proposal do? It sends premiums, healthcare premiums, for millions of middle-class Americans skyrocketing, all so that the wealthy— the top bracket—can get even bigger tax breaks than they get under the original Republican plan. The middle class only gets the leftovers, if there are any at all. Sooner or later, even President Trump’s core supporters will realize that he is selling them out. That is why most polls show that less than one-third of Americans support the Re-publican tax plan, and a majority actu-ally oppose it. That is an astounding fact. Tax cuts are historically popular. Somehow Republicans have managed to make a tax cut bill politically un-popular, again, for a straightforward reason. On balance, the tax cut is for big corporations and a tiny group of wealthy Americans while millions in the middle class pay more to help fi-nance it. To make tax cuts unpopular is quite a feat. I would urge my Repub-lican colleagues not to fall for the bait. There is broad agreement on the goals of tax reform between our two parties. We all want to lower middle- class taxes. We all want to reduce the burden on small businesses and encour-age companies to locate jobs here in the United States instead of shipping them overseas. We could put a tax bill together that does those things. This bill doesn’t. I know many of my Republican col-leagues are concerned about the def-icit. They are worried about the one- party legislative ramrodding that is eroding the grand traditions of this body, and they are afraid of passing a tax bill that raises taxes on millions of working Americans in their States. So I say to my Republican friends: Hit the brakes on this bill. Come back to the table. We can work on a real bi-partisan tax reform bill that delivers middle-class tax relief but only—only— if you defeat this bill first. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, what is the parliamentary situation? The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senate is considering the Kan nomination. Mr. LEAHY. I thank the distin-guished Acting President pro tempore. RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Madam President, over the past 10 months, the Attorney General has tes-tified before the Senate on three occa-sions about his knowledge of and con-tacts with Russian operatives. He also answered written questions and pro-vided additional supplemental testi-mony, but he still has not gotten his story straight. On numerous occasions, new disclosures of his communications involving Russia have raised serious doubts about his testimony, and not one of these disclosures has come from the Attorney General; all have come from the press or unsealed court records. That is a problem. This started in January. At his nomi-nation hearing, both Senator F
RANKEN  and I asked him about contacts with Russian officials. I asked him in writ-ing whether he had been in contact with anyone connected to the Russian Government about the 2016 election. It was not a tricky or surprising ques-tion. Other Trump officials’ undis-closed contacts with Russians, like those of Michael Flynn or Jared Kushner, were major headlines at the time. Under oath, then-Senator Ses-sions answered with a single word, ‘‘no.’’ We soon learned that the answer was ‘‘yes’’—just the opposite. In March, the Washington Post re-ported that Sessions met with Russian Ambassador Kislyak on two occasions during the height of the 2016 campaign. Days later, the Attorney General was forced to recuse himself from the Rus-sia investigation. In June, the press re-ported on a third undisclosed contact. In July, despite the Attorney General’s previous assertions that he never dis-cussed the campaign with Russian offi-cials, U.S. intelligence intercepts re-portedly revealed that he had done just that—discussing the campaign and its positions on Russia-related issues with the Russian Ambassador. When I asked the Attorney General about this report in the Judiciary Committee last month, his testimony shifted yet again; he acknowledged that it was ‘‘possible’’ he had those conversations. That flatly contradicts his testimony to me in January. The disclosures show no sign of stop-ping. Two weeks ago, unsealed court records revealed additional Russian connections that were discussed during a Trump campaign meeting in March 2016. Then-Senator Sessions reportedly admonished those in attendance to not discuss the issue again out of fear it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.002 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7172 November 13, 2017 
would leak to the press. Just last week, another foreign policy campaign aide testified that he informed Sessions of his planned trip to Russia in July 2016. Once again, the descriptions of these communications are impossible to rec-oncile with the Attorney General’s tes-timony, in which he claimed under oath that he was not aware of any con-tact between the Trump campaign and Russian officials. The notion that the Attorney Gen-eral is just forgetful is simply not be-lievable. Potential Russian involve-ment in our elections was a major story at the time. In July 2016, then- candidate Trump encouraged Russia to commit espionage against his political opponent, Hillary Clinton, by stealing her emails. That same week then-Sen-ator Sessions told CNN that ‘‘people come up to [him] all the time’’ to talk about Russia hacking Hillary Clinton’s emails. Exactly who were all these peo-ple talking to him about Russia hack-ing Hillary Clinton’s emails? And should he have disclosed any of these conversations to the Judiciary Com-mittee? We do not yet know. Senator D
URBIN recently asked him this in a written question, and we look forward to his response. I want another point to be clear: I have never accused the Attorney Gen-eral of colluding with Russia, and I am not doing so now. But it is clear that the Kremlin tested the waters with then-Senator Sessions, as it did with so many other Trump campaign officials. It is equally clear that the Attorney General concealed his own contacts with Russian officials, and he has failed to correct the record even when given multiple opportunities to do so. I agree with Senators G
RAHAM , FRANKEN , and others that he needs to come back once again to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee. It is time we hear the whole story. An important part of that story is what the Attorney General did on May 9, the day President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. To justify the dismissal, the President cited a Justice Department memorandum signed off by Attorney General Sessions. The memo attempted to justify firing Director Comey because he treated Hillary Clin-ton unfairly during the email inves-tigation. We later learned there was an earlier, unsent letter that pointed to President Trump’s true motivation for firing Director Comey: the Russia in-vestigation. The day before the dis-missal, the Attorney General and Dep-uty Attorney General were reportedly called into the White House to discuss the earlier letter. The next day, May 9, they delivered their own hastily draft-ed memo that provided the alternative justification for firing Director Comey. Here is the problem: The May 9 memo was a facade. It was a pretext. The White House needed to point to anything other than Russia to justify dismissing Director Comey, and the At-torney General obliged, but the Presi-dent could not keep the secret. The very next morning, he boasted to Rus-sian officials visiting the Oval Office that firing Director Comey took great pressure off of him from the Russia in-vestigation. Two days later, on na-tional television, the President made clear what we all knew: He fired the lead Russia investigator due to con-cerns over how he was handling the Russia investigation. Here is another problem: Firing an investigator in order to stymie a legiti-mate investigation is a crime—it is called obstruction of justice. Whether there is sufficient evidence to merit a charge of obstruction against the President will likely be revealed by Special Counsel Mueller. If so, the At-torney General may have to admit the May 9 memo that he approved was nothing but a smokescreen—an at-tempt to mask an uncomfortable truth and excuse the inexcusable. Prosecu-tors do not look kindly upon those who aid others in covering up crimes. For many years, I sat with Senator Sessions on the Judiciary Committee. We disagreed on many policy issues, but I never questioned his commitment to the rule of law. I do question this President’s commitment to the rule of law. This month alone, President Trump repeatedly directed the Justice Department to target his political op-ponents and chase his conspiracy theo-ries. This is a President who needs to be told ‘‘no.’’ May 9 was one of those moments. I am greatly disappointed that Attorney General Sessions was not up to the task. This is a solemn ob-ligation that goes to the heart of what it means to be Attorney General: en-suring that no person, not even a Presi-dent, is above the law. He is not a ‘‘Secretary of Justice,’’ serving the President blindly and covering his flaws. He is the Attorney General of the United States, serving the Amer-ican people. I fear Attorney General Sessions has lost sight of this distinc-tion. We are in the midst of perhaps the most serious national security inves-tigation of our time. A foreign adver-sary attacked our democracy and our elections. We know that Russia will be back. If we are serious about pre-venting the next attack, we must know what happened during the last. The American people deserve answers—no more obfuscation, no more falsehoods. This starts with the Attorney General returning to the Senate Judiciary Committee to explain, in person, under oath, why he has not provided truthful, complete answers to some of the most pressing questions facing our Nation today. Madam President, I yield to the Sen-ator from Minnesota, a Senator who has been relentless in asking these questions. I ask unanimous consent that he be given such time as he needs. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I thank Senator L
EAHY , my good friend. New developments in the ongoing in-vestigation into Russian interference in the election have, once again, raised concerns about the accuracy of state-ments made by Attorney General Jeff Sessions during his appearance before the Senate. In light of the Attorney General’s failure to tell the truth about not just his own interactions with Russian operatives, but also the extent to which he knew about Russian contacts by other members of the Trump campaign team, I call upon At-torney General Sessions to return to the Senate Judiciary Committee and provide us with a complete and accu-rate accounting of the facts. There is no question that Russia—a hostile foreign power—meddled in our election. Russia carried out this attack in order to undermine confidence in American democracy, to damage Hil-lary Clinton’s campaign for President, and to help Donald Trump. Our intel-ligence agencies have confirmed this to be true. But in order to keep our coun-try safe and prevent an attack like this from happening again, the American people need to understand what hap-pened, including whether members of the Trump campaign either partici-pated in the Russian operation or turned a blind eye to it. We need to get to the bottom of this, and to do that, we need to know the truth. Regrettably, Attorney General Ses-sions, our Nation’s chief law enforce-ment officer, seems to have a real prob-lem telling the truth about both his own interactions with Russians and those of the larger Trump campaign team. At his confirmation hearing in January, when I referenced a breaking report from CNN that there had been a ‘‘continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump’s surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government,’’ I asked him, ‘‘If there is any evidence that anyone af-filiated with the Trump campaign com-municated with the Russian govern-ment in the course of this campaign, what will you do?’’ This was a simple, straightforward question: ‘‘What will you do?’’ The implication was, would you recuse yourself? But rather than answer that question, then-Senator Sessions said: ‘‘I didn’t have—did not have communications with the Rus-sians.’’ That, of course, was not true. It was later revealed that Attorney Gen-eral Sessions had met with the Russian Ambassador at least three times during the campaign. Only after two of those meetings were uncovered and dis-closed—7 weeks later—did Attorney General Sessions announce his recusal from the Russia investigation. After he was confronted with the truth, the Attorney General began to subtly change his story. His first an-swer, under oath before the Judiciary Committee in January, was that he ‘‘did not have communications with the Russians.’’ But after his meetings with the Russian Ambassador were ex-posed, Attorney General Sessions began to qualify his explanations. In a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.001 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7173 November 13, 2017 
statement issued on March 2, the day after his Russian contacts were re-vealed, he said: ‘‘I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign.’’ But in July, the Wash-ington Post published a report sug-gesting that the Attorney General did discuss campaign issues with the Rus-sian Ambassador. According to the re-port, American intelligence agencies intercepted communications between the Russian Ambassador and the Krem-lin in which the Ambassador described his conversations with then-Senator Sessions. The two men reportedly talked about substantive policy mat-ters, including campaign-related issues. In response to this report, the Jus-tice Department issued a statement stating that Attorney General Sessions stood by his testimony and again claimed that the Attorney General did not discuss ‘‘interference with any campaign or election.’’ Each and every time new information comes to light about the Attorney Gen-eral’s contacts with the Russians, he has responded not by coming clean and admitting that his initial testimony was inaccurate but by shifting his story and moving the goalposts. The truth has a nasty habit of catching up with Attorney General Sessions. Recently, unsealed court documents revealed that in early October, former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos pled guilty to lying to the FBI about his communica-tions with Russian operatives during the campaign. The unsealed documents also revealed that Mr. Papadopoulos didn’t just meet with Russian operatives during the campaign, he did so with the express goal of facilitating meetings between the Russian Govern-ment and other Trump campaign offi-cials, including the candidate himself, Donald Trump. According to the court documents, Mr. Papadopoulos made no secret of his Russian contacts. He de-scribed his Russian meetings in emails to senior campaign officials, and ac-cording to Mr. Papadopoulos, he dis-cussed his Russian contacts with then- Senator Sessions directly. On March 31, 2016, Mr. Papadopoulos attended a meeting of the Trump cam-paign’s National Security Advisory Committee—a group led by Attorney General Sessions, who chaired the com-mittee and advised the candidate on foreign policy and national security matters. The court documents revealed that after Mr. Papadopoulos introduced himself to the group, he ‘‘stated, in sum and substance, that he had con-nections that could help arrange a meeting between then-candidate Trump and President Putin.’’ Mr. Papadopoulos made that pitch while seated two seats to the left of Attorney General Sessions. We know that for a fact because then-Candidate Trump posted a photo of the meeting on Instagram. There is then-Senator Ses-sions, there is George Papadopoulos, and there is then-Candidate Donald Trump. After the court documents were un-sealed, reports about what happened at the March 31 meeting began to emerge. Reportedly, Mr. Papadopoulos spoke about facilitating a meeting between the candidate and the Russian Presi-dent for a few minutes. Then-Candidate Trump reportedly ‘‘listened with inter-est and asked questions of Mr. Papadopoulos.’’ But according to an adviser present at the meeting, then- Senator Sessions reacted negatively to Mr. Papadopoulos’s idea and reportedly ‘‘shut [Papadopoulos] down.’’ Attorney General Sessions is reported to have said: ‘‘We’re not going to do it’’ and ‘‘I’d prefer that nobody speak about this again.’’ If those reports are accu-rate, they would signal that then-Sen-ator Sessions reacted quite strongly to the suggestion that then-Candidate Trump should meet with President Putin. Such a strong reaction suggests that Attorney General Sessions would have remembered a conversation like that. Mr. Papadopoulos wasn’t the only member of the campaign to tell Attor-ney General Sessions about his Russian contacts. Earlier this month, Carter Page—yet another former Trump cam-paign foreign policy adviser who is under scrutiny for his Russian con-tacts—testified to the House Intel-ligence Committee that he told then- Senator Sessions about a trip to Russia that Page was going to take in July 2016, where he met with Russian offi-cials and state-owned businesses. Nonetheless, time and time again, Attorney General Sessions has claimed under oath that he was unaware of any communications between Russians and members of the Trump campaign. During his confirmation hearing in January, when I mentioned reports that there was a ‘‘continuing exchange of information during the campaign be-tween Trump’s surrogates and inter-mediaries of the Russian government,’’ the Attorney General said that he was ‘‘not aware of any of those activities.’’ My good friend Senator P
ATLEAHY  asked him in writing whether he had ‘‘been in contact with anyone con-nected to any part of the Russian gov-ernment about the 2016 election.’’ The Attorney General answered, simply, ‘‘No.’’ In June, Attorney General Sessions appeared before the Senate Intelligence Committee. In his opening statement, he said: ‘‘I have never met with or had any conversations with any Russians or any foreign officials concerning any type of interference with any campaign or election in the United States. Fur-ther, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign.’’ Senator R
ISCH asked him: ‘‘Did you hear even a whisper, or a suggestion, or anyone making reference within that campaign that somehow the Russians were involved in that campaign?’’ At-torney General Sessions replied: ‘‘I did not.’’ Senator J
OEMANCHIN asked him: ‘‘Are there any other meetings between Russian government officials and any other Trump campaign associates that have not been previously disclosed that you know of?’’ Attorney General Ses-sions said that he did not recall any such meetings. Senator KAMALA HARRIS asked him: ‘‘Are you aware of any communica-tions with other Trump campaign offi-cials and associates that they had with Russian officials or any Russian na-tionals?’’ Attorney General Sessions replied: ‘‘I don’t recall that.’’ Just last month, during the Attorney General’s most recent appearance be-fore the Judiciary Committee, Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM asked him: ‘‘Did any-body in the campaign—did you ever overhear a conversation between you and anybody on the campaign who talked about meeting with the Rus-sians?’’ This time, Attorney General Sessions replied quite carefully. He said: ‘‘I have not seen anything that would indicate collusion with Russians to impact the campaign.’’ But when I asked him to clarify his shifting explanations for his own inter-actions with the Russian Ambassador, Attorney General Sessions said that when he first heard about reports of a ‘‘continuing exchange of information’’ between Russians and the Trump cam-paign, that he was ‘‘taken aback by this dramatic statement that I’d never heard before and knew nothing about.’’ He said that ‘‘a continuing exchange of information between Trump’s surro-gates and intermediaries for the Rus-sian government . . . did not happen, at least not to my knowledge, and not with me.’’ Describing his January testimony, he said: 
[A]nd I said, I’m not aware of those activi-ties. And I wasn’t, and am not. I don’t be-lieve they occurred. 
Setting aside the convenient amnesia that Attorney General Sessions seems to experience when asked about his own interactions with Russians or those he witnessed, I find it disturbing that he went so far as to claim, as re-cently as October of this year, that he didn’t believe that any meetings be-tween Trump associates and Russians ever occurred. Just think about the Trump cam-paign members we know to have met with Russians from publicly available information: Carter Page, former cam-paign adviser; Paul Manafort, former campaign manager and chief strategist; Michael Flynn, the disgraced former National Security Advisor, who in 2015 spoke at a party honoring Russia’s state-owned television network, where he sat next to Vladimir Putin; Jared Kushner, White House senior adviser and son-in-law; and Donald Trump, Jr., the President’s son. Each and every one of these former members of the Trump campaign have had unusual contacts with the Russians. Nonetheless, just last month the At-torney General said: 
I’m not aware of those activities. And I wasn’t, and am not. I don’t believe they oc-curred. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.004 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7174 November 13, 2017 
I wanted to say to Attorney General Sessions: Listen, I understand that you are recused from the Russia investiga-tion, but do you think that means you are not allowed to watch the news or read a newspaper? My God, what is going on here? It is clear that Attorney General Ses-sions has an ongoing difficulty remem-bering his own interactions with Rus-sians and the extent to which he knew about Russian contacts with other members of the Trump campaign. As the record demonstrates, Attorney General Sessions has misrepresented the truth about those contacts to Members of this body time and time again. The interference by a hostile power in our Nation’s elections rep-resents an attack on democracy itself, and the inability of our Nation’s top law enforcement official to speak with a clear and consistent voice about what he knows of the Russian operation is disturbing. Tomorrow morning, the Attorney General will appear before the House Judiciary Committee, where I am con-fident he will once again face questions about this issue. It is my hope that this time Attorney General Sessions will answer those questions honestly, but in light of his misrepresentations to Members of this body, Attorney Gen-eral Sessions has an obligation to re-turn to the Senate and explain himself. Getting to the bottom of Russia’s in-terference in the 2016 election is a mat-ter of national security, and Attorney General Sessions owes the American people an explanation about what he knows. He needs to return to the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee to set the record straight. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Iowa. 
BLUE -SLIP COURTESY  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, in the last several weeks, there has been a lot of discussion regarding the blue-slip courtesy that applies to judi-cial nominations. I want to take a mo-ment to clarify a few things. My posi-tion hasn’t changed. Like I said in No-vember of last year, I intend to honor the blue-slip courtesy, but there have always been exceptions. First, the blue slip has always been a Senatorial courtesy. It is premised on the idea that home State Senators are in a very good position to provide in-sights into a nominee from their State for the Federal judiciary. It is meant to encourage consultation between the White House and home State Senators about judicial nominations. That is why I value the blue-slip tradition and ask for the views of Senators on all nominees to courts from their respec-tive States. Throughout its history, the many chairmen of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee have applied this blue-slip cour-tesy differently. That is a chairman’s prerogative. The chairman has the au-thority to decide how to apply the courtesy. Over the past 100 years, there have been 18 chairmen of the Senate Judiciary Committee who recognized the value of the blue-slip courtesy, but only 2 out of these 18 chairmen re-quired both Senators to return positive blue slips before scheduling a hearing. The practice of sending out blue slips to home State Senators started 100 years ago, in 1917. Chairman Charles Culberson started the blue-slip practice to solicit the opinions of home State Senators, but he did not require the re-turn of two positive blue slips before the committee would proceed on a nominee. In fact, in the blue slip’s very first year, Chairman Culberson held a hearing and a vote for a nominee who received a negative blue slip. His suc-cessors over the next nearly 40 years had the same policy. It was not until 1956 that the blue-slip policy changed under Chairman James Eastland, a Democrat from the State of Mis-sissippi. Chairman Eastland began to require both home State Senators to return positive blue slips before hold-ing a hearing and a vote. Chairman Eastland, as history tells us, was well known for his segrega-tionist views. Unfortunately, it is like-ly that he adopted a strict blue-slip policy to veto judicial nominees who favored school desegregation. This is what Villanova Law School Professor Tuan Samahon explained: ‘‘When seg-regationist ‘Dixiecrat’ Senator John Eastland chaired the Judiciary Com-mittee, he endowed the blue slip with veto power to, among other things, keep Mississippi’s federal judicial branch free of sympathizers with Brown v. Board of Education.’’ After Chairman Eastland retired in 1979, Senator Kennedy became chair-man. He got rid of Senator Eastland’s policy. He didn’t want a single Senator to be able to unilaterally veto a judi-cial nominee. Senator Kennedy’s policy was that an unreturned or negative blue slip wouldn’t prevent the com-mittee from conducting a hearing on a nominee. Then along comes Senator Strom Thurmond, continuing this pol-icy when he became chairman. So did Senator Joe Biden. So did Senator O
RRIN HATCH . Each of those chairmen allowed hearings for nominees who had negative or unreturned blue slips. In 1989, Chairman Biden sent a letter to the White House articulating his blue-slip policy. This is what Chairman Biden wrote: ‘‘The return of a negative blue slip will be a significant factor to be weighed by the committee in its evaluation of a judicial nominee, but it will not preclude consideration of that nominee unless the Administration has not consulted with both home State Senators prior to submitting the nomi-nation to the Senate.’’ Obviously, chairmen from both par-ties saw the danger of allowing one or two Senators to veto a nominee for po-litical or ideological reasons. My pred-ecessor, Chairman L
EAHY , reinstated Chairman Eastland’s strict blue-slip policy. Some believe he did so in order to exert firmer control over the new Bush administration nominees, but even he said he wouldn’t stand for Sen-ators abusing the blue slip to delay or block nominees. Chairman LEAHY said the blue-slip courtesy was ‘‘meant to ensure that the home state Senators who know the needs of the courts in their state best are consulted and have the opportunity to make sure that the nominees are qualified’’ and should not be ‘‘abused simply to delay [the Com-mittee’s] ability to make progress fill-ing vacancies.’’ Chairman L
EAHY also said: 
I assume no one will abuse the blue-slip process like some have abused the use of the filibuster to block judicial nominees on the floor of the Senate. As long as the blue-slip process is not being abused by home-state Senators, then I will see no reason to change that tradition. 
As I have said all along, I will not allow the blue slip to be abused. I will not allow Senators to block nominees for political or ideological reasons. This position is consistent with the historical role of the blue-slip cour-tesy. It also matches my personal expe-rience with the blue slip. I am going to tell you about a per-sonal experience I had when I first came to the U.S. Senate. In my first year in the Senate, a vacancy arose on the Eighth Circuit. At the time, I served with a Republican, my senior Senator from Iowa, Roger Jepsen, and we had a Republican President, Ronald Reagan. Senator Jepsen and I thought the nominee should be a State judge from Des Moines so we recommended his name to the White House—not like we do now in Iowa, submit two or three names, four names sometimes, for the President to pick from. In 1981, the White House decided they would like to consider another name for the vacancy. The other individual, Judge Fagg, was a State court judge in Iowa. The White House interviewed the judge who was supported by both Senator G
RASSLEY  and Senator Jepsen along with having interviewed this other nominee. President Reagan, ultimately, nomi-nated the other nominee for the va-cancy. He was not the person Senator Jepsen and I recommended, but the White House thought that he was bet-ter suited to the circuit court, and that ended up being the correct decision. Judge Fagg served with great distinc-tion for more than two decades. Even though he was not our pick, Senator Jepsen and I returned our blue slips on the nominee. That was not unusual as more deference has always been given to the White House, particularly for circuit court nominees, which is dif-ferent from district court nominees. When Judge Fagg was nominated to the Eighth Circuit, both Senators from Iowa were Republicans, and the blue slip practice did not change when Sen-ator Harkin, a Democrat, was elected to the Senate, succeeding Senator Jep-sen. Senator Harkin and I served together for 30 years, and we did not have any problems with judicial nominees. Gen-erally, when there was a Republican 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.006 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7175 November 13, 2017 
President, I sent a list of names to the President, and when there was a Demo-cratic President, Senator Harkin sent a list of names to the White House. We served together for those 30 years and never had any problems with blue slips, not once. During the Clinton administration, a vacancy arose on the Eighth Circuit. The White House nominated Bonnie Campbell for the court. Ms. Campbell was originally from New York and had previously worked for two Democratic Senators. For 6 years, she served as chairwoman of the Iowa Democratic Party. Ms. Campbell was elected as Iowa’s attorney general after having defeated the Republican candidate. She also ran for Governor against Gov. Terry Branstad. After she lost that election, she was appointed by Presi-dent Clinton to a position within the Department of Justice. It happens that I liked Ms. Campbell very much. She was not the type of nominee I would have picked for the court, but that did not stop me from returning my blue slip. Ms. Campbell was a controversial nominee. During the campaign for Gov-ernor, she was quoted discussing Chris-tian conservatives. She said: ‘‘I hate to call them Christian because I am Christian, and I hate to call them reli-gious, because they’re not, so I’ll call them the radical right.’’ Ms. Campbell had a very liberal record and had spent most of her career as a politician, and a lot of people did not want me to return her blue slip. So why did I return her blue slip? In the process, I was criticized extensively by the conservative base of my State of Iowa. I did that because the blue slip is not supposed to allow the unilateral veto of a nominee. A Senator cannot use a blue slip to block a nominee simply because he or she does not like the nominee’s politics or ideology. A Senator cannot use a blue slip to block a nominee be-cause it is not the person the Senator would have picked. The President gets to nominate judges. The White House should con-sult home State Senators, and it is im-portant that they do so in a meaning-ful way. The White House may disagree with Senators and may determine that a different individual is more suited to serve on the circuit court, but so long as there is consultation, the President generally gets to make that call. So I will not let Senators abuse the blue slip to block qualified nominees for po-litical or ideological reasons. I yield the floor. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I rise today to highlight the importance of the Gateway Project and express my continued frustration with the admin-istration’s approach to infrastructure and this critical project. The current Hudson River tunnels were built in 1908 and are rapidly deteriorating, a prob-lem that was made far worse by Hurri-cane Sandy. Time is running out, and we must quickly build new tunnels under the Hudson River before the cur-rent tunnels have to be closed for re-pairs. The closing of either tunnel without a new tunnel in place would be dev-astating because it would essentially shut down the Northeast Corridor, the transit route from Boston to Wash-ington that produces over $3 trillion in economic output, a full 20 percent of the national gross domestic product. The importance of this project cannot be overstated. Unfortunately, despite repeated cam-paign promises to focus on infrastruc-ture investment, President Trump has proposed severe cuts to infrastructure programs, including the Capital Invest-ment Grant Program. That cut is sig-nificant because it was the likely source of funding for the Gateway groject. In addition to proposing to cut the funding needed for the Gateway Project, the Department of Transpor-tation has been unresponsive to a num-ber of important interim actions that are necessary to advance this critical project. Given the lack of focus on infrastruc-ture investment by the current admin-istration and the continued roadblocks the administration has erected in front of the Gateway Project, I must oppose the nomination of Mr. Derek Kan to be Under Secretary of Transportation. Mr. GRASSLEY. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Kan nomina-tion? Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 90, nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 270 Ex.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young NAYS—7 
Gillibrand Merkley Sanders Schumer Udall Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Hoeven Menendez 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect to the Kan nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel for the Department of Transportation. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, Cory Gardner, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Luther Strange, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Marco Rubio, John Thune, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.008 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7176 November 13, 2017 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 271 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCain McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Hoeven Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 47. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Trans-portation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 270, on the nomination of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 271, on the motion to invoke cloture on Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be general counsel of the Department of Transpor-tation. Had I been present, I would have voted nay.∑ (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on con-firmation of Executive Calendar No. 159 and the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 254. On vote No. 270, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 159. On vote No. 271, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 254.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL MICHAEL MANNING Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, today I pay tribute to a great Rhode Is-lander, LTC Michael Manning of the Rhode Island National Guard. My of-fice, along with the rest of the Rhode Island congressional delegation, has worked closely with Lieutenant Colo-nel Manning for several years in his ca-pacity as the Rhode Island National Guard legislative liaison. Throughout this time, he has been of great assist-ance to my office and has served in this position with great honor, dedication, and effectiveness. This Saturday, November 18, the Rhode Island National Guard Recruit-ing and Retention Battalion change of command ceremony will take place at Camp Fogarty in East Greenwich, RI. The incoming commander will be Lieu-tenant Colonel Manning. This cere-mony represents the formal transfer of authority and responsibility of the Re-cruiting and Retention Battalion. The event will include a passing of the unit colors from one officer to another, symbolizing continued leadership, trust, and allegiance to the soldiers in the unit. Lieutenant Colonel Manning is a dis-tinguished military graduate of Provi-dence College’s ROTC class of 1997. His first assignment was with 1st Bat-talion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 1st In-fantry Division, forward deployed to the Republic of Germany. In June 1999, he deployed to Kosovo in support of Op-eration Joint Guardian II. While in Kosovo, Lieutenant Colonel Manning was reassigned to E Troop, 4th U.S. Cavalry as a brigade reconnaissance troop leader for Task Force Falcon. In February 2002, after joining the Rhode Island Army National Guard, he was appointed commander of the 173rd Infantry Detachment Long Range Sur-veillance. The 173rd LRS was mobilized in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom III from July 2004 through November 2005. Lieutenant Colonel Manning de-ployed with Special Operations Detach-ment Global in support of Operation Enduring Freedom Caribbean and Cen-tral America in 2008 through 2009, as-signed to Special Operations Command South. While there, he served as the deputy chief for the Regional Engage-ment Branch, responsible for the Carib-bean and Central America. In 2010, he graduated with distinction from the College of Naval Command and Staff at the U.S. Naval War College in Newport, RI, with a master of arts in national security and strategic studies. In 2013, Lieutenant Colonel Manning mobilized and deployed once again with the Special Operations Detach-ment Global, where he served in the ca-pacity of senior special operations to the Afghan Ministry of Defense. Lieutenant Colonel Manning has also served as an assistant professor of mili-tary science at Providence College, State Partnership Program coordi-nator, legislative liaison, operations officer for Special Operations Detach-ment Global, and is currently the sec-retary of the general staff. He is a spe-cial operations support qualified offi-cer, senior instructor of design at the Joint Special Operations University, and recipient of numerous awards and decorations, including the Bronze Star with oakleaf cluster, Combat Infantry-man’s Badge, and the coveted Ranger Tab. I thank and congratulate Lieutenant Colonel Manning for his many sac-rifices and achievements. In addition, I thank and congratulate his wife, Meg, his sons Michael and Jack, and his daughter Shannon for their many sac-rifices and their support of the colonel. Rhode Island is fortunate to have such a committed, energetic, and selfless citizen and family. Godspeed, my friends. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 4:05 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2201. An act to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registration requirements of such Act, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2201. An act to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registration requirements of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.012 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7177 November 13, 2017 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3434. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clari-fications to the Export Administration Reg-ulations for the Use of License Exceptions’’ (RIN0694–AG80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3435. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3436. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Syria that was declared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3437. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Rhode Island; En-hanced Motor Vehicle Inspection and Main-tenance Program’’ (FRL No. 9970–66–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3438. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment by the Attainment Date for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard; District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia; Wash-ington, DC–MD–VA Area’’ (FRL No. 9970–70– Region 3) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 9, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3439. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Designations for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9970–77–OAR) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3440. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Iowa; Approval and Promul-gation of the State Implementation Plan, the Operating Permits Program, and the 111(d) Plan; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9970–85– Region 7) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 9, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3441. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Community Right-to-Know; Adopting 2017 North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Codes for Toxics Release In-ventory (TRI) Reporting; Withdrawal’’ ((FRL No. 9968–26–OCSPP) (RIN2070–AK32)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3442. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NH; Approval of Recordkeeping and Reporting Requirements and Single Source Order’’ (FRL No. 9970–64– Region 1) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 9, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3443. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief of Staff, Office of Science and Technology Policy, Executive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Director, Office of Science and Technology Policy, Executive Office of the President, re-ceived in the Office of the President pro tem-pore of the Senate; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BENNET: S. 2118. A bill for the relief of Melecio Andazola-Morales; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. W YDEN , and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 2119. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit smoking in any fa-cility of the Veterans Health Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 298, a bill to require Senate can-didates to file designations, state-ments, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 317 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 317, a bill to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to im-prove the process whereby Medicare ad-ministrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. S. 821 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 821, a bill to promote access for United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. 
S. 835 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 835, a bill to require the Supreme Court of the United States to promul-gate a code of ethics. 
S. 944 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 944, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform and ex-tend the incentives for biodiesel. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial in-stitutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1109 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1109, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to ex-tend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1338 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1338, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary heroism and life- saving actions in Vietnam. 
S. 1361 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1361, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse spe-cialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1520, a bill to expand recreational fish-ing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and man-agement, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.005 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7178 November 13, 2017 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1539, a bill to protect vic-tims of stalking from gun violence. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1559, a bill to ensure a com-plete analysis of the potential impacts of rules on small entities. 
S. 1679 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1679, a bill to amend the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 to in-crease enforcement of certain viola-tions and strengthen certain trans-parency requirements. 
S. 1803 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1803, a bill to improve medical research on marijuana. 
S. 2005 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2005, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the pub-licly traded partnership ownership structure to energy power generation projects and transportation fuels, and for other purposes. 
S. 2009 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2009, a bill to require a back-ground check for every firearm sale. 
S. RES. 279 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 279, a resolution re-affirming the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R
EED, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W YDEN , and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 2119. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit smok-ing in any facility of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2119 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. PROHIBITION ON SMOKING IN FA-CILITIES OF THE VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Section 1715 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1715. Prohibition on smoking in facilities of the Veterans Health Administration ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—(1)(A) Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (B), no person may smoke indoors in any facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration. ‘‘(B) In the case of a facility of the Vet-erans Health Administration that is a com-munity living center, no person may smoke indoors in such facility on or after December 31, 2018. ‘‘(2) No person may smoke outdoors in any facility of the Veterans Health Administra-tion on or after October 1, 2021. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘community living center’ means a facility of the Department that pro-vides nursing home care. ‘‘(2) The term ‘facility of the Veterans Health Administration’ means any land or building (including any medical center, nurs-ing home, domiciliary facility, outpatient clinic, or center that provides readjustment counseling) that is— ‘‘(A) under the jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; ‘‘(B) under the control of the Veterans Health Administration; and ‘‘(C) not under the control of the General Services Administration. ‘‘(3) The term ‘smoke’ includes the smok-ing of cigarettes (including e-cigarettes or electronic cigarettes), cigars, pipes, and any other combustion of tobacco.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1715 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1715. Prohibition on smoking in facilities of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 526 of the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–585; 38 U.S.C. 1715 note) is hereby repealed. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I have a request for a committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, November 13, 2017, at 3 p.m., in SH–216 to conduct hearing on the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ 
f 
FEMA ACCOUNTABILITY, MOD-ERNIZATION AND TRANS-PARENCY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 223, H.R. 1679. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 1679) to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1679) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 14; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Bradbury nomination; fur-ther, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the week-ly caucus meetings; finally, that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the Bradbury nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume executive session and the Bradbury nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. 
UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI FOOTBALL TEAM  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the nomination of Steven Bradbury, but first I want to speak on a much lighter subject, the reason that I wore this orange tie. The University of Miami football team has a perfect record. This is hearkening back to the glory days, and I will tell you why I do this. My neighbor and one of my best friends, Cortez Kennedy, who was origi-nally from Arkansas, was the defensive player of the year for the national companionship team in 1989 at the Uni-versity of Miami. Then, he spent 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.008 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7179 November 13, 2017 
years with the Seattle Seahawks, and he was an NFL Pro Football Hall of Famer. I am doing this for my friend, Cortez Kennedy, whom we lost 6 months ago to a heart attack, much too early, at the age of 48. What a Miami fan he was, and how proud he would be now of his cherished University of Miami football team and the perfect record they have thus far. Mr. President, now I speak to Steven Bradbury. We have seen real trouble signs lately in the transportation safe-ty area. Last year was the most deadly year on the highways in nearly a dec-ade. Over 37,000 people were killed in highway accidents in 2016, an increase of 5.6 percent over the previous year. Many of those fatalities were prevent-able and were caused by people not wearing seatbelts or driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs or dis-tracted drivers. We need leaders in the Department of Transportation who are willing to speak up and take action to reduce these highway deaths. We also need leaders who embrace a safety culture and ensure that defects in automobiles are quickly addressed. Let me talk about something that is one of the most egregious defects that we have heard about—the Takata air-bag fiasco. It has caused 16 deaths and 180 injuries worldwide. This came to my attention several years ago through the Orlando Police Department in what was thought to be a fender bender in the middle of a traf-fic intersection. By the time they got to the driver of the car, they thought it was a homicide: Her throat had been slit, and she had bled to death. But, in-deed, a Takata airbag had exploded—a defective airbag—and all the metal sur-rounding the housing of the airbag. The defective material exploded with such force, it was as if a grenade ex-ploded right in the face of the driver. There have been 16 deaths and 180 in-juries worldwide. It was a fender bend-er for the lady in the middle of the intersection, but the airbag exploded and sent metal shards into her neck and cut her jugular. A big, strapping, very muscular fire-fighter had a Takata airbag explode in his face, and he doesn’t have a left eye anymore. He can’t be a firefighter any-more. These are just two that happened in my hometown of Orlando. Many of the deaths we have seen in the Takata airbags are due to pure ne-glect, but it is also true that Takata covered up critical defect information. Information has come to light that en-gineers at Takata kept it from becom-ing public—these defective Takata air-bags—when, in fact, they knew they were defective. On top of that, the reg-ulator—the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration—did not react quickly enough. This brings us to the fact that we need people in the Department of Transportation who will take a strong stand for safety, and that brings me to the nomination of Steven Bradbury, who is up for general counsel. Indeed, he has had a lengthy legal career, but far too much of his legal career in-volved working against the interests of safety. For almost 2 years, Mr. Bradbury represented Takata in its response to our Senate Commerce Committee and in the NHTSA investigations. Natu-rally, when he came in front of our committee, I asked him if he would recuse himself from all matters involv-ing Takata if confirmed to this posi-tion because he had represented Takata as their lawyer for 2 years. But listen to what he said. He said that while he will recuse himself from Takata airbag matters, he has not agreed to recuse himself from all Takata matters, such as their pending bankruptcy. Wait a minute. Are you going to recuse yourself from the client you used to represent or not? He in es-sence said he is not. In Mr. Bradbury’s legal career, he has also represented several airlines in antitrust and consumer proceedings— and I emphasize consumer proceedings. It is hard for me to see how he will put that past representation aside and work for airline consumer protections. For example, if you check a bag and it gets to you late, you at least ought to get your bag fee refunded. In the Com-merce Committee, we were able to get that into last year’s FAA reauthoriza-tion bill, but it is another potential conflict. Drivers and consumers need cham-pions at the Department of Transpor-tation. Unfortunately, I believe Mr. Bradbury has not demonstrated the ability to put consumers first; there-fore, I will oppose his nomination. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, last month, President Trump said that pharmaceutical companies are ‘‘get-ting away with murder.’’ Those were his words, not mine. It is not the first time he has said it, and there is some truth to it. So it is time to get specific and then question why he just an-nounced that the person who will be running the health department for the United States of America has spent 10 years running a pharmaceutical com-pany. Look at what is happening. When a company hikes the price of a lifesaving drug by 5,000 percent overnight, he is right—that is getting away with mur-der. When the price of 4 of the top 10 bestselling drugs in this country goes up by 100 percent in the last few years—we are not talking about one specific drug, a rare drug; no, we are talking about 4 of the top 10 bestselling drugs going up 100 percent in just the last few years—that is getting away with murder. When Americans are forced to skip doses or split pills be-cause they can’t afford their prescrip-tion, that is getting away with murder. When the administration repeatedly delays penalties for drug companies that intentionally overcharge hospitals for prescription drugs, that is getting away with murder. So what do we find out today? After the President has said that these com-panies are getting away with murder, we find out that he has nominated the former president of one of the coun-try’s biggest drug companies as the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, someone who has been in that in-dustry for 10 years running the biggest company. It is happening again. They are getting away with murder. In the United States—the biggest economy in the world, the frontier for capitalism—drug prices are higher than any other developed nation. That is outrageous. So, yes, they are getting away with a lot. So here is my question: Why are we letting them? Why are we literally put-ting former pharma executives in charge of healthcare policy for our country? Why can’t we get anything done to actually lower drug prices in America? I have often said that the pharma-ceutical industry owns Washington. Now, with this announcement today, they will actually be running it. Lowering prescription drug costs is my top priority. Healthcare is one- sixth of our economy, and prescription drug costs account for over 15 percent of all healthcare spending. This has a big impact on families, on commu-nities, on our economy, and on our country. For most Americans, this is deeply personal. Everyone has their own story. My daughter has a severe nut al-lergy. She keeps an EpiPen with her at all times. So when the price of that particular prescription drug went up and up and up, like parents across the country, I noticed. I took action. I spoke out, moms and dads all across the country spoke out, and we saw some reduction in those prices. But we shouldn’t have to have a social media campaign, a write-in campaign, and Members of Congress giving speeches on the floor for every single drug to see a reduction in prices. Abigail just graduated from college. I don’t want her to have to think about this for the rest of her life when she is filling a prescription. But what about the thousands of others like her, young people just starting their careers who can’t afford to pay these skyrocketing prices? I don’t want parents to worry about how to afford the inhaler their kid relies on to get through the day. I don’t want seniors to worry about how they will be able to put food on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.018 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7180 November 13, 2017 
table and pay for the insulin they need. But that concern for so many—for too many—is constant. As prescription drugs keep rising, so does the wor-rying, so does the concern. Over and over again, that is what I hear from my constituents. I don’t think one of them would tell me that they think the solution is to do noth-ing legislatively and then put the head of one of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in our country into the job of running healthcare policy. No, I don’t think they would think that is going to fix everything. It is not fair, it is not right, and we need to do some-thing about it. Look at the numbers. Why is it hap-pening? Last year alone, the drug com-panies spent $152 million lobbying Con-gress, and it is getting worse. They are doubling down on their bets by betting on an administration with big ties to pharma. There are more than 800 lob-byists working for the pharmaceutical industry, meaning that almost every Member of Congress is double-teamed by the lobbying force. Every Member of Congress now, when you look at the registrations, has two lobbyists as-signed to them from pharma. Is it no surprise that now we are going to have the nominee as head of HHS, Health and Human Services, someone directly out of pharma? I don’t think so. In my first run for the Senate, in 2006, I talked about how Medicare should be able to negotiate drug prices on behalf of millions of seniors. It was such common sense. In each Congress since 2011, I have introduced bills to allow Medicare to do just that. Right now, Medicare is barred by law from negotiating directly with the drug companies. That seems pretty crazy to me. I think 41 million seniors would have a lot of power. They are good at getting bargains. They want to get some bargains on their prescription drugs. You harness that bargaining power and allow the U.S. Government to negotiate on their behalf with the pharmaceutical companies. By the way, that would not just bring drug prices down under Medicare for seniors; it would bring drug prices down for ev-eryone because that is such a large chunk of the people who are using pre-scription drugs. This bill has not passed year after year. Why? Is it because the people don’t want it? No. A recent poll found that 92 percent of people want the Fed-eral Government to negotiate drug prices for Medicare beneficiaries. Nine-ty-two percent of the public supports the bill, and we have a growing number of sponsors. Right now, they are just on my side of the aisle, but we have over 30 sponsors on that bill. We want to bring that bill up for a vote. My bill to allow Medicare to nego-tiate for prescription drugs, however, has never been brought up for a vote. I introduced these bills in 2011, 2013, 2015, and in 2017, and each time there was not a vote. President Trump says he is a good negotiator. He says he is in favor of this negotiation. He said it not just once, not just twice on the campaign trail but many times. So I thought this is great. He is coming in, and we are immediately going to see support for my bill and support for negotiating prices under Medicare part D. No, we do not see that. We have seen no action at all. Instead, what do I find out? When I woke up this morning, I found out that he is putting the head of a big pharmaceutical company in charge of Health and Human Services. For those of us who have been doing this work for a long time now, it is un-settling, but it is not that surprising. It is not just the President literally nominating the head of a big drug com-pany to be the Secretary of Health and Human Services—we see this kind of thing all the time—but since 2000, at least 56 officials from the DEA and the Justice Department have gone to work for the pharmaceutical industry. Basi-cally, the industry buys the expertise they need to then gum up the works so we can’t get anything done. Former lobbyists and execs are popping up all over this administration. Joe Grogan works at the Office of Management and Budget. He led a working group on pharmaceuticals that this administration convened. He helped draft an Executive order on pre-scription drugs. The catch? Until March of this year, he was a lobbyist for the pharmaceutical industry. What does this mean? What this means is, you have this revolving door where this is going on. You have two lobbyists for every Member of Con-gress; just talk, talk about it. What does it really mean? Let me tell you what it really means. Insulin—the price of insulin has tri-pled in the last decade. A form of insu-lin that was listed at $17 per vial in 1997 costs nearly $138 in 2016. That is a 700- percent increase. We have seen major companies jack up their prices in near harmony. In November 2015, NovoLog increased to $236.70. Within 14 days, Humalog jumped to $237, and Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk have raised their prices for both even higher within the last year. Of course, one of those companies is the company this HHS nominee ran in North America. Healthy competition usually doesn’t involve price increases in almost per-fect sync among competitors. That is why I demanded an explanation from these companies. I demanded answers on behalf of people like Kim from Plymouth, MN. She just retired. She has diabetes. She keeps the pen injectors after she uses them because they have small amounts of insulin left, and she says it is too precious to throw them out. This is in America, in 2017. Older peo-ple are keeping their insulin injectors because there are a few drops in them— a drug that historically has been in-credibly inexpensive and cheap. There are not new developments with this drug. It is insulin. There is no reason you would see this dramatic price in-crease, except that it is price gouging. It doesn’t have to be this way. Pharma often argues that these high prices are necessary for research and development. As I mentioned, insulin is an old drug. It is cheap to make. It has been around for years. In fact, when in-sulin was discovered in 1921, the origi-nal patent was sold to a university for just $3, for the whole patent. The re-searchers who worked hard to develop this life-sustaining drug wanted to make sure—are you ready for this— that no one else would turn its produc-tion into a profitable monopoly. So those researchers, knowing they had this incredible lifesaving drug, wanted to keep the prices down and sold the patent for $3. So then what happened? Well, they jacked up the prices over and over again. As I mentioned, it was $17 per vial in 1997 to $138 in 2016—a 700-per-cent increase for insulin. They didn’t need to jack up those prices to develop a new form of insulin. It is the same in-sulin. They did it to make money. This isn’t just a hit on consumers’ pocketbooks. It is also becoming a threat to public safety. One drug com-pany, Kaleo, increased the price of a two-pack of a device containing naloxone that treats life-threatening opioid overdoses. We passed a bill last year, with strong bipartisan support, to be able to have a blueprint for this country to deal with opioid overdoses. The Presi-dent just declared this a public health emergency, but what is going on with the one drug that we know saves people from overdoses? Guess what. The drug companies said: Well, here is some-thing. More people are using this drug so let’s jack up the prices. This form of naloxone from Kaleo has gone from $690 to $4,500 during the last 3 years. This is what they did for these opioid addicts. The drug companies get people hooked to begin with. We all know those stories are coming out right now. Then, when people get hooked and they overdose, they in-crease the price of the drug you use to help them. What a racket. All of us know the opioid epidemic is becoming a bigger and bigger public safety issue. In other words, there isn’t a worse time to hike the price up on a drug that helps first responders deal with the national public health crisis. When I called the drug company out on this earlier this year, that company used the same old playbook. Sure as clockwork, they claimed that the prices you and I see might be high, but they have special programs to make sure people don’t actually pay these absurdly high rates for lifesaving medi-cine. You know what, I have heard from Minnesota law enforcement officials— sheriffs, police chiefs—who are shocked because the cost of naloxone increased by more than 60 percent in a single year. I have heard from doctors who have told me their patients recovering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.019 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7181 November 13, 2017 
from addiction can’t afford the medica-tion. So I can promise you that the special discount programs and rebates don’t apply to everyone, despite what the drug companies say. The role the drug companies are playing in the opioid epidemic doesn’t end with naloxone. That is just the be-ginning. In just the last couple of weeks, we have seen report after report about how the greed of the pharma-ceutical companies, as I mentioned, led to the rise of the epidemic to begin with. In Minnesota, 637 people died from opioid and other drug overdoses last year alone. That is more than homicides and car crashes combined. By the way, it is not just our States, it is States all over the country. Ninety- one people die from this overdose each day in our country. That is the reality of this crisis. Getting away with mur-der? Well, now it is actually true. Two weeks ago, The New Yorker and Esquire pulled back the curtain on Purdue Pharma. The Sackler family, the family behind Purdue, is well known for its generous donations to cancer research, medical schools, art museums, universities. What is less well known is the role that Purdue Pharma has played in the spread of OxyContin and opioid addiction. OxyContin, the drug at the heart of the U.S. opioid epidemic, is regarded by many public health experts as one of the most dangerous products ever sold on a mass scale. If people have not read this article in The New Yorker, you can get it online. You can read it, and you better read it so you will under-stand why I am so mad while I am giv-ing this speech today and why I am so angry that the administration has just put a pharma executive in charge of the HHS. It is not a pharma executive, from Purdue Pharma, but this whole culture where they have been allowed to do whatever they want and no one is holding them accountable is what has led to where we are today. Purdue Pharma aggressively mar-keted OxyContin to physicians as a painkiller and claimed that the drug’s delayed release mechanism would limit the risk of addiction. Instead, OxyContin led to many new addictions, and, as we all know, many addicted pa-tients eventually turned to heroin. Here is what is so stunning and what is so obvious in this well-researched ar-ticle. The company knew OxyContin was addictive all along. It knew its marketing campaign was misleading people. Steven May started at Purdue Pharma as a sales rep in 1999, and years later went on to allege fraud against Purdue in a whistleblower lawsuit. He was trained to market the drug as one ‘‘to start with and to stay with,’’ de-spite knowledge of its addictive poten-tial. The hits just keep coming—but that happened. When you read that ar-ticle, you find out there were so many signs that this was addictive; that they were seeing it all over the country and they kept selling it. They kept telling people it was good for them, they should have no pain, and it would be fine if they took this drug, even if they were getting one wisdom tooth out, whatever it is. That is what happened in our coun-try. That is how people got addicted on opioids. Now we see lawsuits. Yes. OK. That will hold them accountable, to a certain degree, but do we see any ac-tion from Congress at all to reduce the pharmaceutical prices or to do any-thing about this? Are there any votes in this Chamber? No, there are not. CNN just released an investigation on how Endo Pharmaceuticals prioritizes profits over people’s lives. One of their best selling drugs was an opioid called OPANA ER. The drug was often abused. Addicts would crush it and snort the pills, which could in-crease the risk of an overdose, so Endo Pharmaceuticals had to pull the drug off the market, but that is not the whole story. Endo made a newer, more addictive version of the drug, which President Trump has called ‘‘truly evil.’’ The FDA got involved, for one of the first times ever, to force Endo to stop selling the new truly evil drug earlier this year. What did Endo then do? The company then cut a deal with a generic drug company to split the profits on the sales of the original version of the drug—you know, the one with the his-tory of abuse. It is unbelievable the company will now profit off a highly dangerous opioid it once pulled from the market for being unsafe. The FDA has linked Endo drugs to serious public health problems, such as outbreaks of HIV and hepatitis C, in addition to addictions and overdoses, but the company doesn’t think those risks are good enough reasons to stop selling these opioids. I don’t think there are better exam-ples of how greed trumps everything else. That is what we are talking about here. There are good people who work in the pharmaceutical industry. We have always been proud to have inno-vation in America. Innovation is great, but greed unchecked is not. You can literally trace this opioid epidemic, where now four out of five of those peo-ple who originally got hooked on legal pharmaceuticals are now turning to heroin. You can literally trace it back to these very companies. That hap-pened. Then, just when the epidemic gets bad and we figure out that at least you can stop drug overdoses with naloxone, those companies jack up those prices. This is not a free market right now. This is a monopoly market that is get-ting people sucked into their products, either with advertising on TV or with addictions to drugs, like opioids, then getting them into their nets, and then charging them enormous amounts of money. That is what is happening right now. The examples do not end. The price of Daraprim, a drug that treats malaria and other infections, went up 5,000 percent overnight. The price for a multiple sclerosis drug went up 21 times in a decade. ARIAD Phar-maceuticals raised the price for a leu-kemia drug four times in 1 year alone. Now it costs nearly $199,000 a year. The only people who can afford that drug are the executives at the company. It is no wonder that people like President Trump are starting to say a little bit more about the rising costs of prescription drugs. OK. That is good. That is a start in talking about it, but we need action. For years, the pharmaceutical lobby bought Washington’s silence, but now, in being faced with a nationwide crisis brought on by that silence and in being confronted by constituents who all agree that this is a problem, many are feeling that they have to do more than just talk about it. Talking and tweeting are different from doing, and actions speak louder than words. There is a saying that you cannot just talk the talk; you need to walk the walk. Well, it is time to walk the walk. By the way, putting someone who ran a pharmaceutical company for 10 years in charge of HHS, the Nation’s healthcare Department for the entire United States of America, is not called walking that walk. There are actions we can take right here, right now, be-cause the solutions are right here on the table. Here we go. First and foremost, let’s finally take up that bill that would harness the ne-gotiating power of 41 million seniors who are on Medicare and bring drug prices down. My bill would repeal the law that bans Medicare from using that market power to negotiate prices. Lit-erally, Medicare is banned by law from negotiating prices. There are 33 Sen-ators who have joined me on this bill. We could pass this if we could just get a vote. Second, as the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee’s Sub-committee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, I cannot stress enough that competition is the best way to ensure that prescription drugs are affordable. Where there is a lack of competition, price increases often follow. A recent poll found that 87 percent of the public agrees that we need to in-crease competition. Senator G
RASSLEY  and I, the Republican of Iowa, have a bill that, for years, we have tried to push ahead. It calls for a stop to this outrageous play called pay for delay, where big pharmaceutical companies actually pay off generic companies— their competitors—in order to keep their products off the market. So the pharma companies go to a ge-neric and say: Hey, I know that you are going to compete with me, but I will give you a little money so that you can keep that product off the market for a little while, and that will be better for both of us. We will give you more money than you will make off the product. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, putting an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.021 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7182 November 13, 2017 
end to this ridiculous practice would save taxpayers $2.9 billion over 10 years. Guess what. That is just the gov-ernment’s piece of it. It would also save consumers because they are pay-ing the copay money as well. Once again, I cannot imagine any of my col-leagues voting against this legislation if it were to actually come to a vote on the Senate floor. So let’s let it come for a vote and see how people vote. I also have a bipartisan bill with Sen-ators G
RASSLEY , L EAHY , F EINSTEIN , L
EE, and several others called the CRE-ATES Act. It would put a stop to other pharmaceutical companies’ tactics, like refusing to provide samples or to share important information about how to distribute a drug safely, which delay more affordable generic drugs from getting to the market. The FDA has received over 100 com-plaints about these tactics, and accord-ing to the Congressional Budget Office, this legislation would save $3.6 billion. Even if the drug companies are not headline grabbers like Martin Shkreli, many pharmaceutical companies are using tactics to prevent competition. It is not just one bad guy who goes to jail. It is a common practice. In fact, it is legally allowed right now for them not to share those samples, for them to make payments to their competitors to keep the products off the market. We need to end those practices, and we do it by having a vote on these bills. Finally, we should look beyond our borders. We should know that our friends right across the border in Can-ada often pay less—much less—for pre-scription drugs than we do. For example, in the United States, a 90-day supply of an anti-inflammatory drug called Celebrex can cost more than $1,000. Canadian pharmacies sell it for only $220. That is just one example. I could spend all night giving examples of where the prices in the United States are more than double what they are in Canada. Senator M
CCAINand I have a bill to allow Americans to bring in safe—they have to be safe—and less expensive pre-scription drugs from Canada. Our neighbors to the north have similar quality and safety standards as those in the United States. Our bill has strong safety measures, too, so as to make sure that we protect American consumers from scammers or counter-feit drugs. Senator S
ANDERS has also been a leader on this issue. Why do we care about this, Senator M
CCAIN, Senator S ANDERS , and I, in our coming from such different perspec-tives? We know that we only allow im-portation from pharmacies that have existed for 5 years, so they are safe, and then have a brick-and-mortar store, not just some fly-by-night website. Just like Medicare negotiation, the public is overwhelmingly on our side, with 72 percent of people who support allowing Americans to buy prescription drugs that are imported from Canada, including 66 percent of Democrats, 77 percent of Independents, and 75 percent of Republicans. So why can’t we get it passed? We need to. Beyond Canada, Senator LEEand I have a bill, another bipartisan bill, that would allow for the temporary im-portation of safe drugs that have been on the market in another country for at least 10 years when there is not healthy competition for that drug in this country. We have all heard the drug compa-nies and others say that the FDA ap-proval process can take a long time, and that results in a lack of options in the marketplace and higher prices. When it comes to drugs that have al-ready been sold safely in other coun-tries for years, why should we force American consumers to wait for the same options? It doesn’t make sense. This bill would let patients access these safe, less expensive drugs at the same time that they are going through the full FDA approval process. So the idea is to, one, allow negotia-tion for our biggest negotiating bloc— 41 million seniors. That would bring prices down. The President said that he knows the art of the deal, that he is the negotiator. Well then, let’s get that negotiation in place and get some big- time lobbying for this bill instead of putting pharmaceutical executives in charge of Health and Human Services. The second set of ideas is about bringing in more competition. You can do it with safe drugs from overseas. I think that if some of the drug compa-nies that have a monopoly on our con-sumers’ drugs knew that competition might come in, maybe they would want to bring those drug prices down. In fact, I know that they would because that is how capitalism works. A high school economics class could tell you that. The other idea is more generics. Keep competition going by making it easier for generics to get their products out to market, and please stop the practice where the big pharma companies are paying their chief competitors, the generics—great for both of them—to keep their products off the market. Who are the losers? Americans are the losers. The administration actually has the authority to take action now. Under current law, we could allow for the temporary importation of less expen-sive drugs from Canada tomorrow. What are we waiting for? I urge the ad-ministration to act now. If the admin-istration will not act, Congress must. We need to have those Medicare nego-tiations. There is so much that we could do here if we could just get a vote. Yet we cannot stop with just passing legislation to lower pharma-ceutical prices. We have to stop phar-maceutical companies from rigging the system in the first place or else we are just going to get back to where we started. We have to give ethics watchdogs in Washington, like the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, real teeth. We need to overturn Citizens United and undo the outside influence of special interests on our elections. We have given them this carte blanche to come in and influ-ence people, and look at what is hap-pening. There is an opioid epidemic; the price of insulin has gone up mul-tiple times; four of the top 10 best-sell-ing drugs in America have gone up over 100 percent in the last 10 years. All of that has happened because we have said: Come on in with all of your spe-cial money. Influence people. Hire two lobbyists for each Member of Congress. Guess what we have. That is what we have. I will just remind my colleagues to talk to their constituents because I can tell you what you will find. You will find what I found—a woman in Duluth who chose not to fill her last prescrip-tion because that one medicine would cost a full 25 percent of her income; someone in Saint Paul who even with Medicare cannot afford $663 a month for the drug; a woman from Crystal, MN, who told me ‘‘I am practically going without food’’ to pay for her pre-scriptions. It is heartbreaking that this is hap-pening in America. Washington has to stand up to the pharmaceutical indus-try. It took a while and a lot of lawsuits and some brave people coming forward, but eventually, Washington stood up to Big Tobacco, and States stood up to Big Tobacco. They started suing. They started requiring labels. They started doing more for kids so they wouldn’t get hooked. It made a difference. It is time to take this on. There are a lot of good things that pharma-ceuticals can do to save people’s lives. We know that—that is important—but what we cannot do is let them wreak havoc on people’s budgets. What we cannot do is give them unfettered mo-nopoly power to jerk us around with prices to start an opioid epidemic and then increase the prices for the very drugs that can help prevent people from dying. If we work together, we can get this done. Most of the bills that I have men-tioned are bipartisan. In fact, every one that I mentioned on the Senate floor is bipartisan except for the nego-tiation of Medicare Part D, and that is the one that the President wants to see happen. So I don’t understand. This is not just my standing here alone on this side of the aisle. There are people of good faith who want to move on this, but I can tell you that you don’t move on it by putting a pharmaceutical exec-utive in charge of the biggest health Department in the United States of America. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.022 S13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7183 November 13, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, after which the Senate stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:38 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate November 13, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
DEREK KAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION FOR POLICY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.024 S13NOPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1549 November 13, 2017 
HONORING MILES DAVID MOORE 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to of-ficially recognize the outstanding public achievement of my constituent Miles David Moore. Mr. Moore is a reporter for Crain Com-munications Inc., the author of three books of poetry and the Film Critic for Scene4. I take this time to recognize Mr. Moore for his outstanding leadership and commitment to the IOTA Poetry Series. Begun in March 1994, sadly, September 10 was the last poetry per-formance at IOTA. In total, 275 readings cov-ering countless themes occurred in the IOTA Poetry Series. Missing only two readings in all that time—one because of an ice storm, and another because of a water-main break—the performances were a critical part of the Arling-ton fabric of humanities, and Mr. Moore was a critical tie that bound the series to the commu-nity. Along with Mr. Moore, IOTA owners Ste-phen Negrey and Jane Negrey-Inge deserve tremendous credit for their commitment to the series which brought so much emotional and intellectual pleasure to so many in Arlington. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE RETIREMENT OF MR. RAY SHOOK 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the retirement of Mr. Ray Shook. Mr. Shook is an outstanding individual who has served as the Executive Director of the American Welding Society since 2002. Mr. Shook’s retirement closes the chapter of a forty-four year association with the welding industry. Prior to his tenure with the American Welding Society, Mr. Shook served on the Board of Directors and as Vice President of the International Institute of Welding for five years. He spent twenty five years working his way up at Hobart Brothers Company and reached the position of President at the Ho-bart Institute of Welding Technology, which is the world’s largest welding training organiza-tion. Under his leadership, the American Welding Society experienced significant changes. With membership reaching over 73,000, revenues steadily increased from $15 million to more than $40 million annually. He was instrumental in establishing North America’s largest annual metalwork exhibition by forging an alliance with FABTECH. The Society also expanded globally, achieving its first acquisition in its ninety-five year history through its purchase of Weldmex in 2007. Throughout his tenure, the American Welding Society continued to grow and acquire additional global holdings. Having known Mr. Shook for a number of years, I know that he has consistently dem-onstrated the highest degree of integrity. He has been dedicated to his profession and has worked tirelessly to advance the Society’s mis-sion of globally advancing the science and technology of welding. His work ethic, loyalty, and service to the welding industry cannot be understated. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to my friend, Mr. Ray Shook, for his impressive career in the welding industry, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this re-markable individual. f 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL OF TRINITY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of Trinity Baptist Church. Founded on November 11, 1917 as a Sunday school group of three adults and fif-teen children, Trinity Baptist has grown into an abundant congregation, housed on a church campus that includes a lovely sanctuary, built in 1962 and designed by renowned African American architect Paul Williams. Rev. Alvin Tunstill, Jr. is the ninth pastor to lead the congregation and only the fourth sen-ior pastor in the last 80 years. Under his lead-ership, ten clergy members and a cadre of deacons, deaconesses and other lay leaders serve the congregation. Clergy, staff and volunteers oversee a wealth of ministries, including those that focus on women; fitness, health, and wellness; a hot lunch program; homelessness outreach; sum-mer youth employment; and education, includ-ing college scholarships. Church programs aim to build lasting bonds of service between members of the church, and they play an im-portant role in making resources available to the mainly African-American congregation and to the surrounding Jefferson Park neighbor-hood of South Los Angeles. Today, Trinity has partnerships with national organizations like the American Cancer Soci-ety, and it has sponsored sister organizations, including the Trinity Community Development Corporation, in order to tackle issues ranging from obesity to computer illiteracy and to pur-sue solutions like affordable housing to gang prevention. Commitment to its faith has helped to guide the Trinity Baptist community in its mission of service for a century now. I applaud the strong bonds that knit this community together, and I wish the congregation, both leaders and flock, the very best as it embarks on the church’s second century. HONORING RON DOMINGUEZ HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding com-munity member and upstanding citizen, Mr. Ron Dominguez of Rockport, Texas. A proud U.S. Army veteran, Mr. Dominguez has continued to honorably serve his commu-nity as a Ride Captain with the Patriot Guard Riders; a Little League Volunteer; a Volunteer Rescue Worker at Ground Zero and post-Hur-ricane Katrina New Orleans; and as a Mentor at the Robert Barnes Regional Juvenile Facil-ity Boot Camp. Mr. Dominguez was also a member of the Aransas County Class Leader-ship Class XVIII. He achieved all of this while being a loving husband and father. As you can see, Mr. Dominguez has accom-plished many amazing feats, and I have no doubt that he will go on to accomplish more. And even after countless successes, he has remained humble, owing his achievements to Tellisah, his wife, who has always offered her unwavering and steadfast support. Mr. Speaker, I again offer my congratula-tions to Mr. Dominguez, his wife, Tellisah, and their 6 beloved daughters. His empathy, good-will, and perseverance have not gone unno-ticed. Mr. Dominguez and his family have made the state of Texas and the United States a better place, and it is my honor to ac-knowledge him today. 
f 
HONORING NEW CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on Friday, No-vember 17, 2017. This memorable occasion will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On November 17, 2017, the following peo-ple, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Suzanna Krivulskaya, Krysta Carmella Ma Abuyo Mapoy, John 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13NO8.001 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1550 November 13, 2017 
Mutua Imanene, Saroja Valluru, Slavko Veljanoski, Marija Veljanoska, Maher Awwad, Haya Daoud, Maria Diaz, Adriana Garcia, Eva Tanghal Hernandez, Feda Ahmad Mattour, Slavica Todoroski, Anna Sijie Xiong, Shuhui Grace Yang, Gail Patrich Mendoza de Cha-vez, Chao Ye, Norma Alicia Bautista, Suyapa Rodriguez Handres, Vicar Serrano Valencia, Ivan Didier Ros, Soammy Silvia Aguilar, Mira Deven Patel, Maria Guadalupe Coria Espino, Connie Withers, Hebah Allan Musleh, Titilayo Folasade Aloba, Maureen Wanjiru Papai, Oscar Barajas, and Rosa Nelly Chavez. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . .of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on November 17, 2017. They, too, will be American citizens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
HONORING ALICIA JAYNE ENDICOTT 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize a special member of my staff. After almost seventeen years of service, Alicia Jayne Endicott will be leaving her post in my Kansas City District Office. Alicia was one of the first members of my staff, joining the team soon after I took office in 2001. She has been an integral member of my constituent services team that entire time. Alicia was tireless in making sure the people of the Sixth Congressional District were treat-ed fairly by federal agencies and that their concerns were heard and justly resolved. Whether helping families with last-minute passport needs, protecting my constituents from overbearing agencies or making sure our veterans received the care and recognitions they earned, her outstanding work and im-mense knowledge of the issues was incom-parable and I am honored to have had her on my staff and my constituents were incredibly served by her efforts. I have received many kind words from con-stituents praising the outstanding service Alicia has provided. Her professionalism and dedica-tion to this office and my constituents was a great example of how government should work. She would often work nights and week-ends, all without complaint. While I am losing a valuable member of my team, I am excited for Alicia to begin the next chapter of her life. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in thanking Alicia Jayne Endicott for her many years of service to the people of the Sixth Congressional District. I know Alicia’s col-leagues, family and friends join with me in thanking her for her commitment to others and wishing her the best of luck in all her endeav-ors and many years of success to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL GEORGE C. CRESSMAN, JR. 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Colonel George C. Cressman, Jr., of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. Colonel Cressman served the United States honorably for 33 years as an Army Reservist. In that time, the Colonel deployed to Haiti, Iraq, and Kuwait. Though he recently retired from the Army Reserves, Colonel Cressman remains an active former president of the Society of American Military Engineers, and continues to serve his community of North Wales, Pennsyl-vania. The Colonel devotes much of his free time to helping others. Often, his efforts focus on the community’s youth. He’s organized schol-arship fundraisers for students in the Reserve Officer Training Corps, mentors military col-lege cadets, and even lectures at local univer-sities. This guidance and philanthropy has helped open the door to opportunities for many. But Colonel Cressman devotion to his com-munity goes beyond helping students. He reg-ularly participates in fundraisers to raise money in the fight against Multiple Sclerosis and to help his fellow Pennsylvania veterans. Colonel Cressman’s actions speak louder than any letter. He is a proven servant to his community and country. Both are much better off having Colonel George C. Cressman, Jr. be a part of them. I thank him for all his serv-ice. 
f 
VETERANS E-HEALTH AND TELE-MEDICINE SUPPORT ACT O
F2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 2123, the Veterans E- Health and Telemedicine Support Act of 2017. This legislation would allow the U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs (VA) health profes-sionals to practice telemedicine across state borders if they are qualified and practice within the scope of their authorized federal duties. Under current law, VA doctors can only pro-vide telehealth treatment across state lines if the veteran and the doctor are located in fed-eral facilities. The VETS Act of 2017 removes these barriers and allows VA physicians to provide treatment without a location restriction. Veterans will no longer be required to travel to a VA facility, but rather can receive telemedi-cine treatment from anywhere, including their home or a community center. In this technologically advanced age, there is no excuse for us to withhold support from veterans. Telemedicine allows qualified practi-tioners to reach veterans even in the most re-mote areas. Currently, location requirements make it difficult for veterans—especially those struggling with mental health issues—to get the help they need and deserve. H.R. 2123 will ensure that our veterans can obtain the best care possible regardless of where they are in the United States. I fully support H.R. 2123 to make lifesaving resources easily ac-cessible for the veterans who have dutifully served our country. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WILLIAM J. GAUL 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Mr. William J. Gaul, Jr. of Delaware County, Pennsylvania. Mr. Gaul served his country during the Vietnam War and continued his selfless work upon arriving home to Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. While in Vietnam, Mr. Gaul went above and beyond his duties through his volunteer work. In his free time he taught English in a local school and brought food, clothing, and medical supplies to an orphanage. Mr. Gaul exempli-fied the true mission of America in Vietnam by working to improve the lives of the local com-munity. Upon returning to Upper Darby, Mr. Gaul re-mained active in his own community. He has served as Emergency Management Coordi-nator since 1980, is a member of the Upper Darby School Board, and also serves on the Upper Darby Township Square Club. Mr. Gaul even led a fundraiser to provide bullet-proof vests for his local police department. As seen during his time in Vietnam, Mr. Gaul’s good works go further than his local community. In 2005, he spent 8 weeks in New Orleans, providing help in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Mr. William J. Gaul has shown throughout his life that he is willing to go above and be-yond the call of duty to provide for others. I thank him for honorably serving our country and the public with passion and commitment. 
f 
HONORING JARED KINATE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jared Kinate. Jared is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 247, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jared has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jared has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jared 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13NO8.005 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1551 November 13, 2017 
has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jared Kinate for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
FORT BEND COUNTY FIRE MAR-SHAL’S OFFICE EARNS STATE RECOGNITION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fort Bend County Fire Mar-shal’s Office for receiving the Texas Fire Mar-shals Association’s Achievement of Excellence Award and a Letter of Appreciation from the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement (TCOLE). The Fort Bend County Fire Marshal’s Office was recognized for their excellent performance in fire prevention. This achievement award is the only formal recognition for performance excellence of organizations given by the TxFMA. In addition, the Letter of Appreciation identifies the Fire Marshal’s staff for their lead-ership as a TCOLE agency. Our community is safer thanks to the dedication of our first re-sponders in the Fort Bend County Fire Mar-shal’s Office. We thank them for their service and their sacrifice. On behalf of the Twenty-Second District of Texas, congratulations again to the Fort Bend County Fire Marshal’s Office for earning this distinction. Thank you for your dedication to keep our community safe. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STEPHANIE FARMER 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Stephanie Farmer of Delaware County, Pennsylvania, for her service to the United States and her local community. Ms. Farmer honorably served our country in the U.S. Air Force. Following her service, she returned home to Delaware County to teach. She brought enthusiasm to the classroom that had a tremendous impact on the students she taught. After years of teaching Ms. Farmer was asked to accept the Assistant Principal position at Tinicum School in Essington. In this capacity, she has become known as a de-voted, caring educator who pushes her stu-dents to be their best. One particular area in which Ms. Farmer challenges her students is reading. She inten-sified the focus on her school’s Summer Reading Program—which challenges grade schools to read the most books over their summer break. Thanks to her devotion, her students consistently lead other elementary schools in this competition. Her passion for learning and the energy she brings to school has proven infectious. Her ef-forts have helped her students gain more from their education than what they otherwise would have. I commend Ms. Stephanie Farmer for her life of service to her students, community, and country. I wish her and her students much continued success. f 
HONORING CHRISTIAN LEECH 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Christian Leech. Christian is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 247, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Christian has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Christian has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Christian has contributed to his commu-nity through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Christian Leech for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
COMMEMORATING CENTRAL IN-TERMEDIATE SCHOOL FOR RE-CEIVING THE NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Central Intermediate School in Wash-ington, Illinois for receiving the U.S. Depart-ment of Education National Blue Ribbon. Since 1982, the U.S. Department of Edu-cation has awarded the Blue Ribbon to schools across the country based on their overall academic excellence. This year, 342 schools across the nation were awarded the National Blue Ribbon, including Central Inter-mediate School. Central Intermediate School prides itself on helping students recognize their full potential. What started as a one- room, rural school building in the 1830s has turned into one of the premier schools not only in Central Illinois, but in the United States. Central Intermediate School has a long his-tory of academic excellence, earning numer-ous awards over the past decade. Led by Principal Brian Hoelscher, the faculty has de-veloped an effective curriculum to meet the academic needs of all students and encourage community involvement. It is an honor to represent the students, fac-ulty, and administrators at Central Inter-mediate School. Their dedication to education, and their students, makes them a deserving recipient of the National Blue Ribbon, and more importantly, an example for schools all across the nation. LEAH DEVINE NAMED OUT-STANDING WEST VIRGINIA WORLD LANGUAGE TEACHER OF THE YEAR HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-er, I include in the R
ECORD the following article congratulating Leah Devine being named Out-standing West Virginia World Language Teacher of the Year. 
[From the Inter-Mountain] E
LKINS NATIVE WINSTEACHER OF THE YEAR H
ONOR  E
LKINS —A local Spanish instructor and Elkins native recently earned teacher of the year honor. Leah Devine, an online Spanish teacher with the West Virginia Virtual School was named Outstanding West Virginia World Language Teacher of the Year by the West Virginia Foreign Language Teacher’s Orga-nization in October. ‘‘Languages, culture knowledge and under-standing international customs all can broaden a student’s perspective and encour-age the student to see the world through new eyes. When students can reflect on the great-er world, they can also in turn reflect on their own language, communities, customs and daily practices,’’ Devine said about the value of learning languages and developing global and cultural literacy. Devine teaches virtually in five counties in the state, including Randolph, Monroe, Greenbrier, Summers and Kanawha. Within these counties, she instructs students at Western Greenbrier Middle School, DuPont Middle School, Mountain View Middle School and Peterstown Middle School, Pick-ens School, Summers County Middle School and Summers County High School. ‘‘Basically, the students are on online cur-riculum most of the time, but three days out of the week, I call them and I teach them,’’ Devine said. ‘‘When I teach them lessons, they’re seeing the same things I’m seeing and we’re doing a lot of the same skills we would be doing if we were in a face-to-face setting—such as answer this question, ask your neighbor this or tell me what color shirt you’re wearing.’’ She went on to say the classes are pro-ficiency based and interactive while they are primarily conducted over phone or online. While the majority of her teaching is done virtually, Devine said she is able to visit her students three times per year. Before she began teaching virtually, Devine taught for six years in a face-to-face classroom setting. She is now in her 12th year of teaching. ‘‘Part of what I do is I go visit my students and teach them face-to-face, and when I’m there we do cultural activities,’’ Devine said. ‘‘Some of the things I’ve done is teach about the food made in Venezuela, and I was able to bring the students from Pickens to El Gran Sabor for a field trip.’’ She explained students were to order in Spanish when they visited the restaurant, and several months later, the students made Venezuelan cuisine for their parents. ‘‘They were taking what they learned food- wise to cook and prepare a meal using rec-ipes in Spanish,’’ Devine said. Devine earned a masters in instructional design and technology from West Virginia University. She is also the immediate past president of the West Virginia Chapter of American Association of Teachers of Spanish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO8.007 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1552 November 13, 2017 
and Portuguese, and the secretary of the West Virginia Foreign Language Teachers’ Association. When she was a student at Elkins High School, Devine studied Spanish with Brad Martin, longtime language teacher at EHS. ‘‘I learned a great deal from Mr. Martin as his student, and as I started my professional career I became increasingly aware of how phenomenal of a teacher and role model he is,’’ Devine said. ‘‘(Martin) has inspired other language teachers around the area and has multiple former students currently teaching world languages.’’ She also noted 20 years ago Martin was awarded the teacher of the year award by the West Virginia Foreign Language Teachers Association. In March, Devine will travel to Atlanta for the Southern Conference on Language Teaching to represent the Mountain State as teacher of the year and compete for the re-gional title. ‘‘I’ll also attend workshops to learn things that will help to improve our profession that I can bring back and share with West Vir-ginia students as well as my peers and col-leagues,’’ Devine said. While she said she does not currently have plans to teach any additional languages, she hopes to learn more, possibly Italian and Portuguese. ‘‘We live and teach in an interconnected world where learning languages is a key to unlocking opportunities,’’ Devine said. ‘‘It is our duty as language teachers to help our students build confidence and skills that they can use to explore the world around them and the global community.’’ f 
VETERANS TRANSPLANT COVERAGE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 1133, the Veterans Trans-plant Coverage Act. This legislation enables the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to provide organ transplants for veterans, even if the live donor is a non-veteran, at the facility of their choice. Current law restricts coverage for veterans receiving an organ donation from a non-veteran. This policy means that chil-dren, siblings, and other non-veteran family members that are matches and willing to do-nate are not eligible to receive VA care for the operation. The Veterans Transplant Coverage Act was inspired by the Nelson family from Texas. When veteran Charles Nelson needed a kid-ney transplant, his son, Austin, was a match. When it came time for the operation, the VA healthcare system denied the Nelsons cov-erage because Austin was a non-veteran. The VA’s decision forced the Nelsons to solicit do-nations to ensure that Charles could still have this lifesaving transplant surgery. The Vet-erans Transplant Coverage Act will ensure that no other American hero is denied trans-plant coverage ever again. The restrictions set forth by our current law have life or death consequences for the men and women that have bravely served our na-tion. I fully support H.R. 1133 to allow the VA to provide organ transplants for veterans when the living donor is a non-veteran. IN RECOGNITION OF SERGEANT EDWARD DANIEL MAGINN HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Sergeant Edward Daniel Maginn of Dela-ware County, Pennsylvania, for his service in the United States Marine Corps and for his work as a federal law enforcement official. Sgt. Maginn served in Vietnam from 1968 to 1969. After his service abroad, the Sergeant served as Paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division for two years. During his time in the military, Sgt. Maginn received numerous awards. These honors included the National Defense Ribbon, Parachute Wings, and the Vietnam Service Ribbon. After his time in the military, Sgt. Maginn wished to continue his career of service. In 1988, he began working as a federal police of-ficer. On September 11th, 2001, after wit-nessing the World Trade Center Towers col-lapse, his commanding officer asked for volun-teers to rescue victims of the tragedy. Sgt. Maginn volunteered without hesitation. His hu-manitarian spirit also took him to New Orleans in 2005 to help in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. After the Department of Homeland Security was created in the wake of the September 11th attacks, Sgt. Maginn joined the Depart-ment as a Hazmat Tech Officer, an integral part of the Special Response Team. Sgt. Maginn’s selfless acts prove his lifelong devotion to serving others. I thank Sergeant Edward Maginn for his continued service and I commend his tireless dedication to commu-nity and country. 
f 
HONORING MATTHEW JOHN LEWIS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Matthew John Lewis. Matthew is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 251, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Matthew has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Matthew has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Matthew has served his troop as the Historian and Senior Patrol Leader, earned the rank of Warrior in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say, and become a Brotherhood member in Order of Arrow. Matthew has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Matthew leveled the area with paving stones and constructed 40 feet of fence for Beautiful Savior Lutheran Church in Lee’s Summit, Mis-souri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Matthew John Lewis for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LEONARD HILL 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent—Leon-ard Hill from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly an-swered the call to serve and defend our free-dom. A United States Army Air Corps veteran of World War II and member of the Greatest Generation, Mr. Hill served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal responsibility, and humility are traits this generation em-bodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a direct re-sult of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortunate to have Mr. Hill, an out-standing representative of our community and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Leonard Hill for his dedicated service to the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING THE LIVES OF DR. ZIA HASSAN AND MR. ABDUL HAMEED DOGAR 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the lives of Dr. Zia Hassan and Mr. Abdul Hameed Dogar who passed away on October 29 this year of natural causes. Dr. Hassan and Mr. Dogar were widely known for their work in both their home and Muslim-American communities. Abdul, affectionately known as Dogar Hasib, immigrated to the United States in March of 1962. As a civil engineer, he worked for the Il-linois Department of Transportation designing roads that link our communities and move mil-lions of people in the Chicagoland area every day. In addition, he served as a Director of the Islamic Foundation of Illinois for over 40 years. Dr. Hassan, a widely published engineer and businessman, immigrated to the United States in 1956. He was the Dean Emeritus of The Illinois Institute of Technology’s Stuart School of Business, Chairman Emeritus of the Islamic Foundation of Illinois, a Fellow of the American Society for Quality, and served as an examiner for the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award. Together, their passion for community work drove them to found the Islamic Foundation of Illinois, now one of the largest Islamic Centers for religious practice and education in Amer-ica. Their dedication to their communities helped Muslim-Americans in the Chicago area pursue educational and professional achieve-ments to further the development of our com-munity. I want to recognize Dr. Hassan and Dogar Hasib for their accomplishments and hard work on behalf of their friends, family and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.007 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1553 November 13, 2017 
Muslim-American community at large. They will be dearly missed and remembered. Mr. Speaker, I hope we all keep in our thoughts and prayers the friends and family of Dr. Hassan and Dogar Hasib. I celebrate the happiness and joy they brought so many peo-ple and reflect on the significant impacts they had on their friends, their families, and their communities. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM PELLANT 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize William Pellant. William is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 247, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. William has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years William has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Wil-liam has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending William Pellant for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GEORGE M. ROACH 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Mr. George M. Roach of Delaware Coun-ty, Pennsylvania, for his service in the U.S. Air Force. After he was honorably discharged, he became a career member of Pennsylvania’s Air National Guard and has since been de-ployed to Kuwait and Qatar. In his capacity with the National Guard, Mr. Roach has also served many humanitarian missions. He supported Pennsylvania’s Na-tional Guard activation for the response to Hurricane Katrina’s devastation, and was de-ployed again to provide recovery assistance to areas affected by Hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008. In 2011, Mr. Roach was deployed to Af-ghanistan as a Public Affairs/Military Liaison for Armed Forces Entertainment. Mr. Roach also participated in a NATO mission to support Hungarian forces and voluntarily deployed himself to Houston this year to assist victims of Hurricane Harvey. He currently has a civil-ian career in TV photojournalism, and helped found FOX’s annual ‘‘Military Appreciation Day.’’ He has also produced recruitment con-tent for the Philadelphia Police Department that the force uses to help bring in qualified applicants. Mr. Roach’s career speaks for itself. He’s a proven humanitarian, public servant, and role model for others who wish to dedicate their own lives to public service. I commend Mr. Roach for all his work over the years and thank him for his service. f 
NATIONAL VETERANS MEMORIAL AND MUSEUM ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1900, the National Vet-erans Memorial and Museum Act. H.R. 1900 seeks to name the Veterans Me-morial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. The Veterans Memorial and Museum is a landmark that has been under construction in Columbus, Ohio, since December 2015. The Veterans Memorial and Museum will soon be open to the public and aims to display the combined experiences of American veterans from all armed encounters and branches of the military. The National Veterans Memorial and Museum is just one way we can honor veterans and their families, and guarantee that future generations know the many sacrifices that were made for us. Ohio is an appropriate setting for the new museum, considering that the state is home to the sixth largest veteran population in the United States. As we approach Veterans Day, the passage of the National Veterans Memo-rial and Museum Act is tremendous news for not only Ohio’s veteran community but to all veterans nationwide. I recognize the value of having a national site to reflect on the experi-ences of veterans throughout American his-tory, and I am pleased to support this legisla-tion. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. NAPOLEAN WASHINGTON, JR. 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Dr. Napoleon Wash-ington, Jr., a local business owner, advocate, minister and community organizer in Merced County who passed away after a battle with cancer. Dr. Washington’s boisterous laughter, leadership, humility, and genuine compassion for the people of Merced were qualities that will be deeply missed by our community. Born on April 12, 1948 in Fort Baker, Cali-fornia, Dr. Washington moved to Merced Cali-fornia with his family in 1961. He graduated from Merced High School in 1966, and then went on to earn an Associate of Arts degree from Merced College and a Bachelor of Arts in Social Science at Chapman University. He re-ceived two doctoral degrees, one in Business Administration from Trinity Southern University and one in Theology from Anderson Theo-logical Seminary. In his youth, Dr. Washington also served in the U.S. Army before he began his 47-year career in the insurance industry in 1970, start-ing with Metropolitan Life Insurance and Farm-ers Insurance. He then established Napoleon Washington Jr. Insurance Agency as Owner and Insurance Broker. An active member of the Merced commu-nity, Dr. Washington was the former President of the Merced/Mariposa Life Underwriters As-sociation, Former Director of North Merced Rotary Club, member of the American Legion Post 83, member of Merced County Jail Min-istries, member of the Merced City Parks and Recreation Commission, and 18th President and Executive Board Member of the NAACP Branch 1047. While community engagement was a prin-ciple of Dr. Washington’s, his faith and min-istry were his most focused passions. He served in various ministerial capacities throughout the state of California, including as a member of Christian Life Center in Merced, bible teacher for the Merced County Rescue Mission and chief organizer of the ‘‘Feet Changing Lives’’ walks in Merced. Dr. Washington is survived by his wife of 49 years, Nadine Reed Washington, and his chil-dren Gregory D. Washington, Kimberlee Tay-lor and Geoffrey Napoleon Washington, Sr. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life of Dr. Napoleon Washington, Jr. As a leader, minister, advo-cate, and friend, his unique approach to life and faith have impacted countless lives in our community. He will be deeply missed by all of those fortunate enough to have crossed his path. f 
HONORING BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA TROOP 412 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Troop 412 of the Heart of America Council of the Boy Scouts of America as they celebrate their 85th anniver-sary. Founded in 1932, Troop 412 is chartered through the First Christian Church of Smith-ville, Missouri. Over their 85 years of service, the Troop has had 181 scouts join the ranks of the Eagle Scouts and conducted immeas-urable hours of community service. Aside from their Eagle Scouts, the Troop has also en-riched the lives of a countless Scouts, training the boys in the ways of the Scout Oath—Duty to God and Country, Duty to Other People, and Duty to Self—and molding these young men in the Smithville area to become produc-tive leaders in their community. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Troop 412 for their accomplish-ments and for their 85 years of service to the Smithville community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANTHONY W. PADULA 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent—An-thony W. Padula from Guilford County. I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.011 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1554 November 13, 2017 
honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly answered the call to serve and de-fend our freedom. A United States Navy vet-eran of World War II and member of the Greatest Generation, Mr. Padula served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal re-sponsibility, and humility are traits this genera-tion embodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a di-rect result of these great Americans. North. Carolina is truly fortunate to have Mr. Padula, an outstanding representative of our commu-nity and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Anthony W. Padula for his dedicated service to the United States of America. 
f 
ESSAY IN HONOR OF VETERANS DAY BY ANASTASIA TSAKONAS 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD the words of my young constituent, Anastasia Tsakonas. Her thanks and words of praise for our brave men and women in service ring loud and true. 
Veterans Day is courage, sacrifice, and pa-triotism all rolled up into the uniform that an individual wore when they decided to pro-tect this wonderful country. Veterans Day is our reminder that we need to honor and celebrate all the men and women who have served or are currently serving in our military. Veterans are volun-teers who offer their lives to protect and die for this country. It takes a lot of courage and strength to enter the military and pur-posely leave behind everything you love. Many Veterans leave behind their homes, families, and careers knowing that it will be a long time before they see them again. Un-fortunately, with this type of sacrifice, many Veterans also know that they may never re-turn to see any of them again. Through a Veteran’s selfless sacrifice, we as citizens receive freedom, a freedom that many people in this world would like to have but are not allowed. This freedom lets us enjoy peace, prosperity, the right of speech and religion, the right to education and most important-opportunity; all values and beliefs that this country was originally founded and built on and which continue to exist to this day because of our Veterans. Let us take time to reflect on these men and women who receive nothing in return for protecting our country and be grateful to them that we still have our values and be-liefs intact. President Coolidge said: ‘‘The nation which forgets it defenders will itself be forgotten.’’ Thank you Veterans, without you, I could not be me! f 
VETERAN URGENT ACCESS TO MENTAL HEALTHCARE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 918, the Veteran Ur-gent Access to Mental Healthcare Act. H.R. 918 directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to provide mental health care services to former members of the Armed Forces. Mental health services would be adminis-tered to veterans immediately after their dis-charge, release, or deployment, and would continue as long as necessary. These serv-ices would be excluded from those who re-ceived a dishonorable or bad conduct dis-charge from the Armed Services. H.R. 918 would also permit the VA to provide mental health services at a non-VA facility if nec-essary, eliminating the barrier to treatment for so many rural veterans who are geographi-cally isolated from VA facilities. It is imperative that the VA helps the men and women who served our country when they return home. Not all injuries received by our veterans are visible but that does not mean they do not exist. Many veterans return home with mental health conditions and we need to accommodate them so they can get the treatment they need. This is why I support this legislation and encourage my colleagues to do so as well. f 
RESOLVING THE POLITICAL CRI-SIS IN THE DEMOCRATIC REPUB-LIC OF THE CONGO 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, last week I held a hearing on the political crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The DRC was supposed to conduct elections one year ago this month in order to achieve the re-quired transition of political power by Decem-ber 19. However, after years of stalling on making preparations for elections, the Govern-ment of the DRC failed to hold elections last year and relied on a constitutional provision that President Joseph Kabila could not step down until an election was held to select a re-placement. This interpretation is in apparent contradic-tion to other constitutional provisions requiring elections to be held on time and limiting Kabila to two terms. The election commission has just announced that elections cannot be held until sometime in late 2018, with an inaugura-tion in early 2019. The prolonging of the Kabila regime has ratcheted up tensions in the country. Polling has indicated that a majority of Con-golese want the Kabila government to end and be replaced by a transitional government until a new one can be elected. Enduring conflict hotspots in eastern DRC have seen recent flare-ups, while new hotspots have emerged in previously relatively stable areas, such as the central Kasai region and southeastern Tanganyika province. The conflicts in Kasai and Tanganyika alone have caused the displacement of nearly 2 million people since mid-2016, giving DRC one of the highest rates of human displacement in the world. Political unrest in urban centers, a string of large prison breaks, and violent at-tacks in Kinshasa by members of a religious sect that has declared itself in opposition to Kabila have further contributed to worsening insecurity. The conflict in Kasai, which reportedly was first sparked in 2016 by the murder of a tradi-tional leader by state security forces, has be-come a catastrophic humanitarian crisis, fea-turing severe atrocities and the widespread re-cruitment and abuse of children. Meanwhile, the ongoing conflict in eastern DRC at one time saw violent activity by two dozen militia groups and an out-of-control national army, re-sulting in the systematic rape of about 50 women and girls each hour. The hearing intended to look at possible so-lutions to a political stalemate that could very well lead to further violence and upheaval in a large African country bordering on nine neigh-bors. It followed a successful resolution on DRC that I introduced and was passed by the House last year and new legislation that Rank-ing Member BASSand I are introducing soon. We understand that there are no easy solu-tions to the current crisis in DRC. A negotiated transition likely could be achieved if President Kabila were convinced that neither he nor his family would be prosecuted for human rights violations or corruption. However, that would reward them for abusing their citizens and plundering the country’s resources, and that is even if members of his government were not covered. A palace coup might take place to oust Kabila. That is not unknown in the DRC. Kabila’s father, Laurent Kabila, was assas-sinated in office in 2001. Mobutu Sese Seko, who the elder Kabila had overthrown, had himself overthrown an elected government in 1965. He was chased from power and fled into exile in 1997. However, a coup would not support international efforts to instill demo-cratic practices in the DRC and could lead to protracted in-fighting and national chaos. The status quo, as detailed earlier, is al-ready leading to growing violence and will not lead to a peaceful solution the longer a transi-tion is delayed. In fact, it is more likely vio-lence could escalate and spill over into neigh-boring countries as did conflict in 1996 through 97 and 1998 through 2003. Over the past year, we have heard many promises by the Government of the DRC about when elections would be held. There have been several dates given for when voter registration would be completed during this past year. The current government timetable calls for voter registration to extend to a point at which elections couldn’t be held in the DRC until late 2018 with an inauguration early in 2019. That would mean that Joseph Kabila would have had an extra half-term in office, when the constitution precluded him from going past December 2016. Consequently, we heard last week from the State Department on our government’s diplo-matic efforts to resolve the transition stalemate and the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment on our government’s programs on the ground to promote democracy and free and fair elections. Our second panel last week consisted of scholars and activists who gave us their in-formed suggestions on how we can break this political stalemate and prevent more blood-shed in the DRC. Again, no solution will be easy or without cost, but non-action would have an even high-er cost in human lives. That we must not tol-erate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.015 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1555 November 13, 2017 
HONORING ISAAC A. WASHBURN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Isaac A. Washburn. Isaac is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 121, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Isaac has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Isaac has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Isaac has become a member of the Tribe of Mic-O- Say. Isaac has also contributed to his commu-nity through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Isaac A. Washburn for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL DALE GLENN DERR 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Lieutenant Colonel Dale Glenn Derr of Berks County, Pennsylvania. Lt. Col. Derr served our country in the U.S. Air Force for two decades during which he received many honors and awards. Lt. Col. Derr decided to commission into the Air Force after receiving his teaching certifi-cate. His mentor, Samuel Gundy—World War II bomber pilot, POW, and esteemed natu-ralist, was a major influence in the future Lt. Col.’s life and his decision to join the military. This decision began an illustrious 20 year ca-reer of service to our nation. Lt. Col. Derr quickly became known for his keen operational and scientific talents during his tours of duty in Europe. Here he received Distinguished Graduate honors at the pres-tigious NATO School in Oberammergau, Ger-many. Upon returning home, the Lt. Col. was selected to be an instructor on weapons of mass destruction at the Interservice Nuclear Weapons School. He would go on to again be awarded the Distinguished Graduate Honors while at the Technical Instructor School. Even-tually, he was named top instructor for the Technical Training Group in 1990. Since retiring from the Air Force, Lt. Col. Derr has continued his dedication to our coun-try and those who have served it by directing the Department of Veteran Affairs for Berks County. In this capacity he works to ensure the county’s 27,000 veterans have access to the department’s many services and benefits. I commend Lt. Col. Derr for his dedication to our country and community through his teach-ing and service. He is a leader in his commu-nity and continues to do his most to help those around him. HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER OF ART DOUCETTE HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and career of Art Doucette. Art is a science teacher at Sequoia High School, a community day school in Merced that pro-vides second chances to at-risk students. Art’s passion for teaching and the enthusiasm with which he relates scientific concepts to even his most challenging students has made him a classroom favorite at Sequoia and a model for teachers throughout Merced County. Born in Arkansas to a military family, Art moved over seventy times across the United States and abroad as a child. One ofhis child-hood homes was in Merced County, a com-munity that would greatly benefit from Art’s work in the years to come. As a young adult, Art worked as a finish carpenter until a serious injury prompted him to attend Cuesta College in pursuit of a new career. It was there that Art met the love of his life, Holly, whom he mar-ried in 2000. After studying chemistry and biol-ogy at Stanislaus State, Art began his teach-ing career. He eventually found himself back in Merced County, where he has now taught and inspired countless students for over a decade. Teaching at Sequoia High School offers a unique set of challenges not found at most high schools. Sequoia students often come from adverse backgrounds and struggle with a wide range of behavioral problems. It is in this environment that Art has flourished as an en-gaging and dedicated educator, characterized by a genuine passion for his subject and un-wavering faith in his students. Not long ago, Art was diagnosed with can-cer and has since had to spend much of his time outside the classroom, seeking medical care. It has not been an easy road, and the pain and heartache associated with such a di-agnosis is only made more acute by the ab-sence felt by Art’s students and colleagues. However, with his wife, Holly, and son, James, by his side, Art is courageously undergoing treatment and hopes to be back at Sequoia soon. In his honor, Sequoia High School and its affiliated network of schools are celebrating Art’s devotion and lasting contributions to his community with an Art Doucette Honor Square Dedication Day. I stand with the students and staff of Sequoia High School in my support and encouragement for Art and his family dur-ing this difficult time, and in our shared grati-tude for the difference he has made in Merced. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and career of Art Doucette. Art’s relentless positivity and eager-ness to resume teaching—even in the face of immense personal hardship—is both humbling and inspiring. Though the impact Art has made on the community has not waned, his presence at Sequoia High School is greatly missed. His colleagues, his students, and I all look forward to his return to the classroom. VETERANS INCREASED CHOICE FOR TRANSPLANTED ORGANS AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2017 SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 2601, the Veterans In-creased Choice for Transplanted Organs and Recovery (VICTOR) Act of 2017. This is an important piece of legislation and I am pleased to support it. The Veterans Health Administration has pro-vided solid organ transplants since 1962 and bone marrow transplants since 1982. Cur-rently, there are fourteen locations across the country that provide these services. However, if a veteran does not live near one of these fa-cilities, the difficulty of travel could prevent vet-erans from getting the medical care they need. Also, even if veterans are able to get to a fa-cility, they still face the risk of getting waitlisted. We need to provide more options to veterans who require life-saving organ trans-plant operations. H.R. 2601 provides the solu-tion to this problem by amending the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to allow eligible veterans to receive health care from any facility which is related to the Department of Defense, the Indian Health Service, federal health centers, or any other health-care provider who participates in the Medicare program. The conditions of this pro-gram apply to veterans who need an organ transplant operation, live more than 100 miles from a Veterans Affair transplant center, and need care related to an upcoming transplant. Since the closest Veterans Affairs transplant center to my district in Georgia is almost 150 miles away in Birmingham, Alabama, this bill would have a major impact for the nearly 45,000 veterans who live in my district. Should anyone require a transplant surgery, they would first be able to explore their options in Atlanta instead of being forced to travel to a different state, which is why I support H.R. 2601. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LARRY G. COX 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, a distinguished business owner and close friend of mine from my district, Larry G. Cox, will be honored by the North Knoxville Business and Professional Association at an event that ben-efits the Boys and Girls Clubs of Tennessee Valley on November 14th 2017. Larry has one of the biggest hearts of all the people I have known in my lifetime. Larry has served the people of Knoxville for many years by giving his time and effort to the Emerald Youth Foundation, Kiwanis Club, and his church. He also helped make our city a better place through his tenure as a Knoxville city councilman for two decades. Father of Shane and Brooke, Grandfather of Brielle and Kingston, and Husband of Brenda, Larry Cox has created a legacy that few can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13NO8.012 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1556 November 13, 2017 
match, and he has touched thousands of peo-ple’s lives in good and positive ways. His passion for promoting a connected com-munity focused on the success of our youth has helped many young people who are faced with challenging life situations with little hope in their lives. His dedication to fundraising for the Boys and Girls Clubs has helped to provide re-sources to make the lives of many young peo-ple better through their renewed sense of self, ability to participate in sports, and boost in self-confidence. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in recognizing the impact Larry Cox has made on so many lives through his selfless-ness and devotion to others. This Nation is a much better place because of the life he has led. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO OPERATION RECOGNITION CLASS OF 2017 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in proud recognition of the Operation Recognition Class of 2017. Operation Recognition is a pro-gram organized by the Riverside County Of-fice of Education, with assistance from the Riverside County Department of Veteran’s Services, that presents diplomas to residents of Riverside County who missed completing high school due to military service in World War II, the Korean War, or the Vietnam War, or due to internment in WWII Japanese-Amer-ican relocation camps. Riverside County’s Operation Recognition is modeled after programs implemented in other states. Numerous county offices of education and school districts throughout California oper-ate similar programs. The programs are yet another way to express our appreciation and gratitude for the significant contributions and sacrifices made by our veterans. The Operation Recognition Class of 2017 includes: Timothy Lewis Basquez, San Jacinto, U.S, Marine Corps, Vietnam War; Manuel Blunt, Riverside, U.S. Army, Vietnam War; Edward J. Clark, Norco, U.S. Marine Corps, Korean War, Joseph J. Harrison, Perris, U.S. Army, Vietnam War, Bradford Hotchkiss, Riverside, U.S. Navy, Vietnam War, James Andrew Morrison, Canyon Lake, U.S. Navy, Korean War; and Mack Donald Salesky San Jacinto, U.S. Army, Vietnam War. On behalf of all Riverside County residents and a grateful nation, I want to thank these veterans for their service to our country and congratulate them on being part of the Oper-ation Recognition Class of 2017. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PAUL J. WECHSLER III 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Mr. Paul J. Wechsler III, of Delaware County, Pennsylvania, for his service to the U.S. Army in the Vietnam War and his contin-ued leadership at home in Springfield, PA. Mr. Wechsler voluntarily left Temple Univer-sity to join the U.S. Army and serve his coun-try in Vietnam. Here he fought in the 4th Infan-try Division and courageously defended our nation for four years. Since returning home, he has involved himself with a number of organi-zations such as the Springfield Youth Club, the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, and his local church’s parish all while raising three daughters with his wife Patricia. Mr. Wechsler continues to give back to his community through his service as a member of the Board of Commissioners for Springfield Township. I thank Mr. Wechsler for his dedication to the United States through his service in the Army and his commitment to improving his community. I wish him the best as he con-tinues to play a vital leadership role in Dela-ware County. f 
CLARIFYING COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE LOANS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2148, the Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans Act. This legis-lation helps to clarify which loans must comply with the high-volatility commercial real estate (HVCRE) regulations made in 2015. Two years ago, the Federal Reserve and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency cre-ated new lending regulations. In the wake of the new rules and the complexity of the defini-tion of high-volatility commercial real estate loans they created, many banks drew back on commercial real estate lending. This adversely affected acquisition, development, and con-struction lending by driving up borrowing costs and reducing credit availability. H.R. 2148 seeks to make clarifications on the new regu-lations to ease the lending process and solve the issues that were unintentionally created with the new regulations. H.R. 2148 will help lenders understand reg-ulations, reduce borrowing costs, and make more loans available. This bipartisan measure will strengthen our real estate market and make sure Americans have the opportunity to continue constructing our cities, states, and nation. I support H.R. 2148, and I urge my fel-low members to as well. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF UTSA 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the opening of the University of Texas at San An-tonio’s Downtown Campus, which has since empowered its many students and alumni to pursue excellence both in academics and their careers. In September of 1991, the UTSA Strategic Plan established UTSA Downtown. In 1993, with the support of the Texas State Govern-ment, the South Texas Border Initiative was launched, allotting $20 million dollars for the UTSA Downtown Campus. With the acquisi-tion of the Fiesta Plaza site gifted by Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises, and the groundbreaking of Frio Street Building in 1995, UTSA’s Down-town Campus location was realized. Following the subsequent groundbreakings of additional buildings, in 2000, UTSA opened its doors to its first college based in the Down-town Campus: the College of Urban Pro-grams, now the College of Public Policy. In 2002, The College of Architecture would be-come the second college based in the Down-town Campus. In the spring of 2004, UTSA expanded its campus from 11 acres to 18 acres with the ac-quisition of the Cattleman Square parking lot and nearby land later used for additional build-ings. Since its inception, the campus has ex-panded to include two colleges, four academic buildings, and two departments in a third col-lege. With a current enrollment of 4,000 students at the downtown campus, The University of Texas at San Antonio continues to be an ex-emplary institution serving the needs of those pursuing a high quality education and suc-cessful careers in the downtown San Antonio area. As a former chairman of the Subcommittee on Education for the Texas Legislature’s Ap-propriations Committee, who worked to secure tuition revenue funding and other state funding for this university, it has been good to see it grow and develop. In addition, as the author of House Bill 713, that created Texas’ grant pro-gram, it is good to see students at UTSA take advantage of this program. It is clear that this university will continue to thrive and I look for-ward to many more years of continued suc-cess. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize the 20th anniversary of the University of Texas at San Antonio. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF VERA SOUZA 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Vera Souza as she celebrates 40 years of dedicated service to the Cabrillo Civics Club of California. It is both fitting and appropriate to honor Vera, who has dedicated much of her time preserving and advancing the Portuguese culture in the Central Valley and California. LaVera Teixeira was born and raised in the Central Valley. Vera spent her career working for the Central Union School District in Kings County, California, as an administrator. She worked there from July 1, 1961 to June 30, 1999. Vera retired and then worked part time for the district until 2007, culminating a 46- year career. Vera and her husband Bob Souza first joined the Kings County Cabrillo Civic Club No. 9 in 1960. The Cabrillo Civics Club of California is a service organization dedicated to the progress of Californians of Portuguese descent. The club is named after John 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.022 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1557 November 13, 2017 
Rodrigues Cabrillo, a Portuguese navigator and explorer, best known as the first Euro-pean to navigate the coast of present-day California. Today there are nine clubs state-wide with over 1,975 members. The club members work tirelessly to ensure the preser-vation of the Portuguese culture, while engag-ing in service activities to benefit their local communities. From the beginning, Vera’s dedication to the club was evident. In 1978 Vera became Kings County local club secretary and for one period served as both secretary and president. Dur-ing the 1990s Vera held double duty again, serving as local secretary and Cabrillo Club State secretary from 1991 to 1994. Even after 40 years, Vera will stay on to serve as an ac-tive board member for the state and local Kings County Cabrillo Club No. 9. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the achievements of Vera Souza. I congratulate Vera for her dedicated service to the Cabrillo Club and ask that you join me in wishing her continued success and happiness. 
f 
RISK-BASED CREDIT EXAMINATION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3911, the Risk-Based Credit Examination Act. This legislation amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to make the annual reporting requirements of the Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (NRSROs) risk-based. The Securities Exchange Act was an inno-vative piece of legislation passed to regulate the secondary trade of securities such as stocks, bonds, and debentures. This act led to the creation of the U.S. Securities and Ex-change Commission (SEC) and is the frame-work for the current federal regulations on fi-nancial markets. H.R. 3911 focuses specifi-cally on federal requirements of NRSROs or credit rating agencies. Currently, the SEC per-forms annual reviews of NRSROs in eight re-view areas for its annual reports. These re-views disproportionally burden smaller NRSROs in the market. H.R. 3911 allows the SEC to perform reviews in the eight categories based off of risk-based analyses; reducing the burden on smaller credit rating agencies. This legislation promotes fairness, encour-ages small businesses in our financial markets and is a simple fix for a burdensome problem. H.R. 3911 also helps the SEC allocate its en-ergy more efficiently and use its resources more effectively. I support this legislation, and I urge my fellow members to support H.R. 3911, the Risk-Based Credit Examination Act. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE VICTIMS OF COMMUNISM 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, George Orwell wrote, in his novel 1984, ‘‘Who controls the past controls the future. Who con-trols the present controls the past.’’ The context of this slogan is Winston’s struggle to maintain his memory, his vital con-nection to truth—against the evil ambition of the all-powerful party to control what we re-member of the past, and, through that, to con-trol the pathways into the future. That is also the context in which the Victims of Congress Memorial Foundation carries on its work. This outstanding foundation held a landmark three-day conference in Washington last week, marking 100 years since the Bol-shevik revolution unleashed the evils of com-munism on the world. The foundation works to ensure that the memories, the real experiences of millions of people who suffered under communism are preserved—notwithstanding the efforts of pow-erful persons, ideologies, and interests, for whom the memory of the horrific crimes of communism must be forgotten, or more or less subtly distorted so as to promote their own contemporary agendas. On one level, reluctance to remember the communist crimes might seem an understand-able human weakness—the sheer scale of communist crimes is so vast that it beggars our power of comprehension. Since 1917 communism has claimed at least 100 million lives, in the Soviet Union, China, Mongolia, Eastern Europe, Indochina, Africa, Afghanistan and parts of Latin America according to the painstaking research of de-mographers. Writing in the Wall Street Journal two weeks ago, Professor Stephen Kotkin specified that in China, ‘‘Mao’s program resulted in one of history’s deadliest famines, claiming between 16 and 32 million victims.’’ On Cambodia: ‘‘All told, perhaps as many as 2 million Cam-bodians; a quarter of the population, perished as a result of starvation, disease and mass executions during the four nightmarish years of Pol Pot’s rule.’’ Yet we have a duty to remember the past accurately. Rather than dwell, today, on the many ways in which the memory of com-munist crimes has been obliterated or re-touched, let’s consider one thing that is com-mon to most, if not all, of them: they deny the profound spiritual significance of the victims’ experiences, and of the perpetrator’s crimes. No one has been more eloquent in calling us back to this than Alexander Solzhenitsyn. In 1983 the great writer received the Templeton Prize, which is made to honor an exceptional contribution to affirming life’s spir-itual dimension. He opened his remarks with these memorable words: More than half a century ago, while I was still a child, I recall hearing a number of older people offer the following explanation for the great disasters that had befallen Rus-sia: Men have forgotten God; that’s why all this has happened. Since then I have spent well-nigh fifty years working on the history of our Revolu-tion; in the process I have read hundreds of books, collected hundreds of personal testi-monies, and have already contributed eight volumes of my own toward the effort of clearing away the rubble left by that up-heaval. But if I were asked today to formu-late as concisely as possible the main cause of the ruinous Revolution that swallowed up some sixty million of our people, I could not put it more accurately than to repeat: Men have forgotten God; that’s why all this has happened. Solzhenitsyn recalled us forcefully to the spiritual values that were always at stake in the communist assault on humanity—and re-main at stake in the struggle to maintain the memory of what communism perpetrated on the peoples who fell victim to it. Over my many years in Congress, I have been blessed to meet and work with many other men and women who have been great living witnesses to the effort to maintain a true memory of the crimes of communism. It’s no coincidence that most of them have also been witnesses to God, and came into conflict with communism for that very reason. Thirty-seven years ago, during my first term in Congress, I read Tortured for Christ by Ro-manian pastor Richard Wurmbrand. It is the true story of unspeakable physical torture and psychological abuse of under-ground Christians under Romania’s Com-munist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu—and of Pastor Wurmbrand’s harrowing 14-year incar-ceration. Wurmbrand had defied the com-munists by declaring openly that Communism and Christianity were incompatible. Sabina, his brave wife, stood by him and also suffered prison and forced labor for her faith. In 1964 the Wurmbrands were ransomed out of Romania for $10,000, and in 1966 Rich-ard testified before Congress, taking off his shirt to show Americans the scars from his tor-ture. Like so many, both my wife Marie and I read his book and were inspired by Pastor Wurmbrand’s indomitable faith, breathtaking courage and hope and challenged by his ad-monishment to believers to cease enabling evil by our naivete, cold-hearted indifference or cowardly complicity. After being drugged and beaten Pastor Wurmbrand said he was in such bad shape that he even forgot the words to the Lord’s Prayer so he simply prayed: ‘‘Our Father I have forgotten the prayer, but you surely know it by heart. . . .’’ Russia gave us many witnesses to the ugly reality of communism. In the 1980s, my first religious freedom mission was to Moscow and Leningrad in 1982 on behalf of Soviet Jews— the heroic refuseniks, like Natan Sharansky. I got to know many of them and their families. And when in 1989 Frank Wolf and I visited Perm Camp 35 the prisoners told us of their hunger—for food, and for Scripture as well. In Moscow I also met, and prayed with the Siberian Seven—a group of Pentecostal Chris-tians who fled to the U.S. Embassy and lived there for five years until finally getting exit visas. During that trip—and many subsequent trips to meet Orthodox clergy and believers— began to grasp Alexander Solzhenitsyn’s as-tute observation that communism doesn’t merely believe that God does not exist, it hates Him. Solzhenitsyn called it ‘‘militant atheism’’. Like many of you I saw that hate throughout the Soviet Union, in Romania, the Warsaw Pact Countries—and that God-hatred con-tinues to thrive today within dictatorships like North Korea, Cuba, Vietnam and China. China has produced many witnesses, and because its communist dictatorship endures, and even hardens its militancy, today, we all have the opportunity to meet those who wit-ness and document its crimes against the Chi-nese people. As the chair of the China Com-mission I have many times heard testimony from Bob Fu, Wei Jingsheng, Chai Ling, Harry Wu, Joseph Kung, and so many others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.027 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1558 November 13, 2017 
One of the most memorable encounters I had was in China itself, in 1994. I had the awesome privilege of a private meeting with Bishop Su Zhimin. Bishop Su was the leader of the underground Catholic Church in Hebei province. We met at dawn, for an outdoor Mass with many other believers. As we spoke and then prayed, the Bishop prayed for his persecutors, he prayed for the misguided leaders of the Chinese Communist Party. Bishop Su’s body bore witness to the brutality of China’s Com-munist Party. He was beaten, starved, and tor-tured for this faith and spent some 40 years in prison. Yet, he prayed not just for the per-secuted church, but for the conversion of those who hate, torture and kill. His witness and his faith absolutely amazed me. Love those who hate you as Christ did from the cross? Do good to those who persecute you? For Bishop Su these were more than words, it was his faithful and faith filled response to one of our Lord’s most difficult teaching. Un-fortunately, only couple years later Bishop Su was arrested again and disappeared. He has not been heard from since. Over and over in the lives of these heroic witnesses, we see that the effort to stand up for the truth against the communists cost them a great deal. Sometimes it cost them every-thing but their lives—and almost that too. To follow in their footsteps, to remember the truth of what communism really was and did, will cost us something too. We will have to re-member that what was at stake with com-munism was not a question of competing eco-nomic systems or system of social organiza-tion, but the question of God—the human being deprived of any divine connection. This will require us to swim upstream, against the dominant mentality. We will have to think, and at times to speak and act, differently. And this will not always be welcome. We owe a profound debt of gratitude to the foundation and its supporters, who have done so much to honor the memory of the victims of communism. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WALLY NUNN 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Mr. Wally Nunn of Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, for his honorable service in the U.S. Army, his continued service to his com-munity, and his work to honor fallen soldiers. Mr. Nunn served as an Army door gunner in the Vietnam War, attached to the 17th Assault Helicopter Company with both the First and Third Platoons. After serving eight years in the service, Mr. Nunn returned to Pennsylvania to pursue a successful career in the private sector. But Mr. Nunn also wanted to continue serving the pub-lic. He became Chairman of the Board of the Freedoms Foundation at Valley Forge. In 1964, ground at Valley Forge was dedicated to Medal of Honor recipients. Over the years this grove was ignored and became dilapi-dated. Mr. Nunn took the initiative to create and lead the nonprofit, ‘‘The Friends of the Grove,’’ who restored this land and care for it today. Thanks to Mr. Nunn’s efforts, 3,500 Medal of Honor recipients are recognized again for their courageous acts in support of our nation. Mr. Nunn continued his service to his com-munity, serving as a member of Delaware County Council and eventually becoming its Chairman. I thank Mr. Wally Nunn for his dedication to our nation and community. He has shown a selfless devotion to helping others and hon-oring our nation’s heroes. His invaluable im-pression he made on his community to restore Medal of Honor Grove will be felt for decades. f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, both House and Senate Republicans have introduced separate plans to update the U.S. federal tax code. Proponents have long argued that the federal tax code is overdue for an overhaul that will incentivize businesses to create jobs, while opponents feel that the ex-isting proposals do not go far enough for middle- and lower-income families. It has been 31 years since Congress passed its last major tax reform overhaul known as the 1986 Tax Reform Act, signed into law by President Reagan. Since that time, the tax code has continued to grow more intri-cate in response to the complexities that ac-company globalization and the unique chal-lenges that we face in a 21st Century econ-omy. While I agree that a modern tax code is desperately needed to help shore up funding for critical infrastructure projects, scientific re-search, and education, the Republican tax plan falls short of helping to address these dire needs. The current plan introduced in the House will expose an estimated 38 million middle class households to increased taxes, while si-multaneously reducing the tax liability for some of our wealthiest corporations. The bill proposes disastrous cuts to Medicare & Med-icaid, which many seniors and underprivileged Americans rely on for medical care. The plan also eliminates many tax deductions that are favorable to middle class Americans, such as the medical expense deduction, student loan interest deductions, and the state and local Tax deduction. Despite all of these reductions, the House Republican plan will cost the Amer-ican people $1.7 trillion dollars over the next 10 years in order to pay for tax cuts for cor-porations and wealthy Americans. Mr. Speaker, I believe that many of my col-leagues will agree that we are due for a major reform of our tax code. However, we must be extremely careful not to do so at the expense of millions of middle and lower class Ameri-cans who are already struggling to get by. An increasingly globalized economy means that we will need to delicately balance our national interests against our ability to compete over-seas. However, the current tax reform plans in the House and Senate must do more to pro-tect American workers, their families, and the critical social programs on which they depend. VETERANS CRISIS LINE STUDY ACT OF 2017 SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4173, the Veterans Cri-sis Line Study Act of 2017. This legislation would create a five year study in the Depart-ment of Veteran Affairs (VA) on the Veteran Crisis Line. A troubling 2016 study published by the VA reported that in 2014, 20 veterans died by sui-cide each day. These numbers are heart-breaking and unacceptable, and we must do more to support veterans’ access to mental health services. Launched in 2007, the Veterans Crisis Line is a subsection of the suicide prevention life-line, and is a resource created to connect vet-erans with professionals trained to address their specific needs and prevent suicide. Men and women who have served and their fami-lies can reach out for help on this toll free hot-line, online chat, or text. H.R. 4173 aims to study the efficacy and outcomes of this re-source, pinpointing how the hotline is helping our veterans, and how we can improve it to better address the troubling suicide rates among our nation’s heroes. Veterans are owed the best care and up-most respect when they return from duty and I am deeply troubled by their increased likeli-hood of suicide. H.R. 4173 will help build our arsenal to combat mental illness and develop resources for the men and women who have selflessly served our nation. I support H.R. 4173 and I urge my fellow members to lend their support as well. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF FOUNTAIN BROTHERS AMERICAN LEGION POST 1619 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize dedicated individuals of the Foun-tain Brothers American Legion Post 1619 who are working to reduce the prevalence of hepa-titis C among Vietnam Era veterans. Vietnam Era veterans are at a significantly higher risk for hepatitis C infection than the general population due to dangerous health practices applied to service members before the virus was discovered. Consequently, many veterans continue to die as a result of com-plications from hepatitis C. Due to scientific breakthroughs, hepatitis C is now easily diagnosed and largely curable. To ensure that all Vietnam Era veterans re-ceive proper testing and follow up care, the Fountain Brothers American Legion Post 1619 in my district has been holding regular out-reach testing events with the local VA. Post 1619 has tested over 1,200 veterans in the past year, providing the first step for diagnosis and potential life-saving treatment. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to recognize the work that the members of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.029 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1559 November 13, 2017 
Post 1619 have accomplished and thank them for their dedication to our veterans. Those who serve deserve the respect of a grateful nation, and the hard work of Post 1619 represents an important step in the right direction. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAMES HARRELL, JR. 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Mr. James Harrell, Jr. of Delaware Coun-ty, Pennsylvania, for his service in the United States Navy and his continued service at home with the Veterans of Foreign War post in Norwood, Pennsylvania. Mr. Harrell served in the U.S. Navy during the Vietnam War. Upon returning home, he committed to selflessly serve his community and fellow veterans. He joined VFW Post 7213 of Norwood and eventually became Commander of the Post after holding several leadership positions with the organization. In 2011, Mr. Harrell helped create the Interboro School District Memorial Day Con-test to better connect students and veterans. Additionally, he helped implement the annual Flag-In Ceremony, where students place flags on the graves of over 5,000 veterans at Holy Cross Cemetery in our district. Mr. Harrell con-tinues to dedicate his life to the service of our nation and even manages to help young peo-ple recognize the sacrifice that so many Amer-icans have made for our country. I commend Mr. James Harrell, Jr. for his honorable service to our country and I thank him for his continued effort to bring together his community to honor our country’s vet-erans. 
f 
SECURING ELECTRONIC RECORDS FOR VETERANS’ EASE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3634, the Securing Elec-tronic Records for Veterans’ Ease (SERVE) Act of 2017. This is an important piece of leg-islation and I am proud to support it. The Post-9/11 GI Bill is an educational ben-efit program for veterans who have coura-geously served our country since the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. Through this bill, tuition and fee payments, as well as a monthly housing allowance, are paid to schools on behalf of veterans based on the length of their period of active duty. H.R. 3634 directs the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide these veterans with verification of the amount of their monthly housing stipend. This verification would also be available online in the same way that the VA provides information about other benefits it offers. This bill is the simplest way to clarify a living expense for those who have sacrificed for their country. Since 2009, this program has provided benefits to over 773,000 veterans and their family members, providing over $20 billion in benefits. As a representative from Georgia, a state that hosts a number of mili-tary bases, supporting this bill is the least I can do to make life easier for veterans and their family members who are transitioning to life after active duty. f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. TAKASHI KITAMURA 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Dr. Takashi Kitamura, assistant professor in the Depart-ment of Psychiatry at the University of Texas Southwestern. On November 12, 2017, Dr. Kitamura received the Peter and Patricia Gruber International Research Award, from the Society for Neuroscience. Supported by The Gruber Foundation, the award recognizes young neuroscientists for outstanding research and educational pursuit in an international set-ting. Dr. Kitamura has made three major con-tributions in his career to date. First, he dem-onstrated that there are two types of excitatory neurons in layer II of the entorhinal cortex, ‘‘is-land cells’’ and ‘‘ocean cells,’’ both of which he named, and that pyramidal island neurons cluster in a series of bulblike structures while stellate ocean cells surround the structures. Second, in collaboration with another graduate student, he determined the function of each cell type, revealing island cells to control tim-ing and navigation and ocean cells to encode static location. Third, he identified engrams and circuits crucial for systems consolidation of memory, which leads to the formation of long-term memories in the neocortex. Dr. Takashi Kitamura earned his doctorate in biology at Kyushu University in Japan. His thesis, ‘‘Molecular Mechanisms of Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis,’’ sought to iden-tify the role of entorhinal hippocampal neuronal circuits in the formation of episodic memory and revealed important insight that formed the basis for his postdoctoral research at the Mitsubishi-Kaguku Institute as well as further research at the Picower Institute for Learning and Memory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Dr. Kitamura’s work is significant because it contributes significantly to the federally-funded research investment in my congressional dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues will join me in congratulating Dr. Kitamura. With distin-guished academicians work like Dr. Kitamura, we will have better understanding of cognitive impairments and Alzheimer’s disease. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded because I was traveling with the Secretary of the Navy. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 622. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FREDERICK M. LYNCH 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Mr. Frederick M. Lynch of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania for his military service in the U.S. Air Force, and continued service in his community, particularly his efforts to im-prove his community’s relationship with their law enforcement. While in the Air Force, Mr. Lynch served in the Honor Guard and as a Security Specialist. Following his service he returned home to North Wales, Pennsylvania with a commitment to continue serving the public. After his decision to dedicate his life to pub-lic service, Mr. Lynch enrolled in and grad-uated from Upper Gwynedd Township’s Police Academy. After entering the force, Mr. Lynch realized he had found his calling. He particu-larly enjoyed his work to help bring closer his community and their law enforcement. This effort took many forms. He became a leader at the Upper Gwynedd Junior Police Academy where he trained young officers for twenty-one years. He also taught the Drug Abuse Resistance Education, or DARE, pro-gram in local schools, expanding the pro-gram’s positive impact on youth throughout Southeastern Pennsylvania. Today, Mr. Lynch continues to be active in the Police Academy, as well as the area’s Boy Scouts troop, where he serves as a mentor to young scouts so they may contribute to their community just as he has throughout his career and beyond. I thank Frederick M. Lynch for his service to the United States. Through his time in the mili-tary, to his many contributions in his local community, his commitment to be a positive influence for others has been unwavering and invaluable. 
f 
VETERANS APPRENTICESHIP AND LABOR OPPORTUNITY REFORM ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3949, the Veterans Ap-prenticeship and Labor Opportunity Reform (VALOR) Act. H.R. 3949 aims to increase ac-cess to apprenticeship training programs for veterans. Currently, apprenticeship programs are reg-istered state-by-state, creating a cumbersome paper trail and bureaucratic barriers to open-ing new programs. This legislation aims to streamline this registration process to ensure that veterans have access to as many appren-ticeship training programs as possible. It is crucial that returning veterans have the skills to join the workforce, and apprenticeship programs are a great way to ensure that these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.033 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1560 November 13, 2017 
heroic men and women are prepared to rejoin civilian life. H.R. 3949 will strengthen accessi-bility to these programs, which is why I am pleased to support this legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ELAINE ROBERT ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary public service of Elaine Roberts on the occasion of her retire-ment. Elaine has spent the last 17 years in Columbus and Central Ohio, serving as the Executive Director of the Columbus Airport Authority beginning in 2000 and then as Presi-dent and CEO of the Columbus Regional Air-port Authority when it was created in 2003. Our regional airport authority oversees three air facilities: John Glenn Columbus Inter-national Airport, Rickenbacker International Airport, and the general aviation airport, Bolton Field. Those three airports, and the busi-nesses associated with them, have flourished under Elaine’s leadership and now collectively support 54,000 jobs and $6.6 billion in total annual economic output. I greatly appreciate the work she has done to encourage entrepre-neurship in the airports, particularly for Afri-can-American businesses. During her tenure, Elaine oversaw $1 billion of investment in airport improvements, includ-ing the terminal modernization at John Glenn International and a new control tower at Rick-enbacker. I am also thankful for Elaine’s con-tribution in honoring Jerrie Mock—a fellow- Ohioan and the first woman to fly solo around the world in her plane, the Spirit of Colum-bus—with a life-size statue in the main pas-senger concourse. From the very beginning, Central Ohio has played a leading role to advances in aviation, and we are particularly proud of Elaine who stood out as one of the leading women in her field. She was recognized as a ‘‘Champion of Change’’ by the White House in 2015 and won the 2016 Distinguished Service Award from the American Association of Airport Execu-tives. Earlier this year, the YWCA honored her with its Women of Achievement Award, and the Women for Economic and Leadership De-velopment presented her with their Riveter Award. Elaine also serves on the board of the Columbus Partnership and Experience Colum-bus. Elaine has been a steadfast leader over the years, and I am happy to call her a friend. On behalf of the people of Columbus, I thank her and wish her the best. After 35 years in the aviation industry, Elaine plans to retire to South Carolina by the end of the year. I sincerely hope that she and her wife, Dale, will travel back to Columbus from time to time to visit and to see her last-ing, positive impact on our community. IN RECOGNITION OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY HISTORY COMMISSION AND THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2017 ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend the Fairfax County History Commission and to congratulate the recipients of the 2017 Achievement Awards. The Fairfax County History Commission was established in 1969 to help identify, document, record, and preserve the county’s rich historic past. Fairfax County was founded in 1742 by Lord Thomas Fairfax and his cousin, William Fairfax and is celebrating its 275th anniver-sary. Earlier this year, the current Lord and Lady Fairfax traveled from the United Kingdom to participate in the celebration of this mile-stone. Each year the Commission bestows awards to local residents or organizations that have contributed to the preservation of our history. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the names of the following 2017 award recipients: The 2017 Distinguished Service Award is being presented to Melanie Manikas and Mary Ellen Zavaleta in recognition of their efforts in preserving, researching and maintaining the history of Burke, Virginia by involving the Cherry Run Elementary School fourth grade classes of 2015 in creating, composing and executing a video on this topic. The docu-mentation and preservation of this information in an enlightening and entertaining video will be helpful for historians, students and the gen-eral citizenry of Fairfax County for generations to come. The Nan Netherton Achievement Award is being presented to Nathaniel Lee for his re-search, documentation, authoring and chron-icling of the history of the Richmond, Fred-ericksburg and Potomac Railroad in his book, ‘‘The Iron Road of Franconia’’. This railroad connected the area of Franconia, Virginia to the remainder of Virginia and Washington. Its existence encouraged connections to multiple areas outside Northern Virginia—allowing the growth of commerce, dissemination of commu-nication and passenger travel to points beyond Fairfax County. The Mary Fehringer Award is being pre-sented to the Bull Run Civil War Round Table (BRCWRT) for their 25th Silver Anniversary Commemorative Publication. This fine cata-logue documents their twenty-five years of educational contributions to Fairfax County and beyond via their monthly, well-attended (100+ guests) meetings. In addition, the Bull Run Civil War Round Table has been host to over 293 lectures and 128 tours, and has as-sisted in the placement of over 70 historical marker/kiosk panels, which were supported by BRCWRT or authored by its membership. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the Fairfax County History Commission for their extraordinary efforts to preserve and protect the history of Fairfax County and in congratulating the recipients of the 2017 achievement awards. Their dedica-tion will ensure that the history of Fairfax County is available for generations to come. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on No-vember 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th, I was ill, so I was not present for the Roll Call votes held on those days. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Aye’’ on Roll Call 607, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3562, to amend title 38, United States Code, to author-ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other pur-poses. ‘‘Aye’’ on Roll Call 608, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1066, the VA Management Alignment Act. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 609, on approving the journal. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 610, on ordering the pre-vious question on H. Res. 607, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3043) Hydro-power Policy Modernization Act and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3441) Save Local Business Act. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 611, on agreeing to H. Res. 607. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 612, on approving the journal. ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call 613, on the motion to re-commit H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 614, on passage of H.R. 3441. This bill would effectively eliminate joint employment from the National Labor Relations Act and Fair Labor Standards Act, blocking workers from holding a joint employer ac-countable for wage theft, equal pay violations, and other unfair labor practices. Today, many employers seek to avoid their legal obligations to ensure that workers receive the wages they are due and bargain in good faith, and H.R. 3441 would make it more difficult for workers to hold the joint employers who set many of the conditions of their work accountable. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 615, on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass H.R. 3911, the Risk- Based Credit Examination Act. H.R. 3911 would weaken oversight of major credit rating agencies such as S&P and Moody’s, which were at the center of the 2008 financial crisis, and create the possibility of credit rating agen-cies challenging the SEC in court if they felt the examinations were not ‘‘appropriate’’. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 616, on ordering the Pre-vious Question on H. Res. 609, providing for consideration of H.R. 2201, the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 617, on passage of H. Res. 609. ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call 618, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4173, the Veterans Crisis Line Study Act. ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call 619, the Rush Amend-ment to H.R. 3043. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 620, on passage of H.R. 3043, the Hydropower Policy Modernization Act. I recognize the need and importance of modernizing the licensing process for hydro-power projects to both power companies and the workers who build, operate, and maintain them. However, I have concerns that H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.039 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1561 November 13, 2017 
3043 ignores constructive suggestions that would improve the licensing process while still maintaining environmental protections and will usurp the authorities of states, tribes, and fed-eral natural resource agencies. ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call 621, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3705, the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act. ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 622, the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act. 
f 
HONORING GRANT R. WARD 
HON. ANDY BIGGS 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent Grant R. Ward. Grant is a resident of Gilbert, Arizona. He is receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award by the National Water Re-sources Association (NWRA). This lifetime achievement award was estab-lished in 1948. According to the NWRA, this award ‘‘recognizes members and individuals who have actively served in the leadership of the Association for many years and who, by their activities and service to the goals and ob-jective of the Association, merit Life Member status.’’ Grant embodies the spirit of this dis-tinguished award. Grant has an impressive resume of service. He graduated from Brigham Young University in 1967 and received his law degree in 1969 from the University of Idaho. From there, he commenced his professional career, serving as an assistant branch manager at the Valley National Bank for a few years. He then took a job as General Manager of the Roosevelt Water Conservation District for over a decade. Following this occupation, he progressed through several jobs, starting with Executive Vice President of the Agri-Business Council of Arizona, Assistant General Manager of the Central Arizona Water Conservation District, and General Manager of the Maricopa-Stan-field Irrigation & Drainage District. He currently is an independent water and power consultant. Grant is married to Judy. They have seven children and 36 grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, Grant has a remarkable track record of service and perseverance in employ-ment. He showed his children the value of hard work and the necessity of pushing through each day to pay the bills. His children now have his example to lean on as they demonstrate similar work ethics to their own children. However, Grant’s service didn’t simply stop with his paycheck. He was extremely involved with his community—and still is today. Grant has sat on several boards and presided over several clubs and committees in Arizona. Grant looks for any possible way to give back to his community. I applaud Grant for his award, and I look forward to his continued service. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT EMIL RIVERA- LOPEZ HON. MARTHA McSALLY 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Staff Sergeant Emil Ri-vera-Lopez, 31, from Tucson, Arizona. He was tragically killed on August 25 when his heli-copter crashed during a training mission off the coast of Yemen. SSgt Rivera-Lopez was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He enlisted in the Army in 2006 as a helicopter maintainer, quickly distin-guishing himself. He was selected for service in the prestigious 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment in 2013. He was decorated many times for his service in Afghanistan and several other locations in the Global War on Terror. SSgt Rivera-Lopez leaves behind his wife Amanda Rivera, a 13 year-old stepson, Master William Sanderson, Jr., his mother Carlita Lopez, and his father Eduvigis Rivera. It is my sad duty to include in the R
ECORD the name of Emil Rivera-Lopez for his faithful service to this country. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF CELIA M
CADAM AS EXECU-TIVE DIRECTOR OF THE PLACER COUNTY TRANSPORTATION PLANNING AGENCY 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Celia McAdam and her up-coming retirement after decades of service in the 4th Congressional District of California. Celia McAdam has devoted herself and her career to helping her community through transportation planning. She first began her career in transportation in the early 1990s when she served as Senior Planner for the Placer County Transportation Planning Agency (PCTPA). In 1998, she was chosen to serve as the Executive Director of the PCTPA, a po-sition she still holds today. Additionally, Celia has served as the Executive Director of the South Placer Regional Transportation Author-ity since its creation in 2001. A leader in the field of transportation fund-ing, Celia has been hailed as ‘‘[one] of the most important transportation officials in North-ern California’’ by the Sacramento Bee for her ability to navigate the bureaucratic and tech-nical obstacles associated with infrastructure planning. Her creativity in planning enabled her to design and fund vital infrastructure projects such as the I–80 Bottleneck Wid-ening, Lincoln Bypass, I–80/Sierra College Boulevard Interchange, I–80/Douglas Boule-vard Interchange and numerous other transit and rail projects. Celia McAdam’s successful career has not gone unnoticed by the transportation commu-nity and her talents have earned her numer-ous accolades in recognition of her contribu-tions to California’s infrastructure. In 2012, Celia was named Woman of the Year by the Women’s Transportation Seminar and she re-ceived the planning profession’s highest honor by being inducted as a Fellow of the College of American Institute of Certified Planners in 2016. Placer County Transportation Planning Agency has received numerous awards under her leadership, including Organization of the Year by the California Transportation Founda-tion and Agency of the Year by the Sac-ramento Area Council of Governments. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor and con-gratulate Celia McAdam for her commitment to transportation planning and public service. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, No-vember 14, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 15 9 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Business meeting to consider, pursuant to H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Res-olution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018, reconciliation legislation to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish and administer a competitive oil and gas program in the non-wilder-ness portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, known as the ‘‘1002 Area’’ or Coastal Plain. SD–366 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the victims of Turkey’s failing rule of law. SD–124 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine promoting American leadership in reducing air emissions through innovation. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine encouraging healthy communities, focusing on per-spective from the Surgeon General. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of James C. Ho, of Texas, to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.042 E13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1562 November 13, 2017 
United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky, John W. Broomes, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Kansas, Rebecca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine Department of Veterans Affairs efforts to prevent and combat opioid over medication. SD–124 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Mitchell Zais, of South Caro-lina, to be Deputy Secretary, James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, and Timothy Kelly, of Michigan, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, all of the Department of Education, and Kate S. O’Scannlain, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, and Preston Rutledge, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Labor. SD–430 NOVEMBER 16 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Secretary for Policy, and Ran-dall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the De-partment of Defense. SD–G50 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine Coast Guard readiness, focusing on how far we can stretch our Nation’s only multi-mis-sion, military force. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on new counterterrorism guidance. SVC–217 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2070, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reau-thorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, and the nomina-tions of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Ne-braska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, and Scott W. Brady, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsyl-vania, and Andrew E. Lelling, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts for the term of four years, both of the Department of Jus-tice. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 NOVEMBER 28 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System. SH–216 DECEMBER 6 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine firearm ac-cessory regulation and enforcing Fed-eral and state reporting to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). SD–226 2:45 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 664, to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and S. 1770, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Hualapai Tribe and cer-tain allottees in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims. SD–628 DECEMBER 13 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine the con-sumer welfare standard in antitrust. SD–226 
POSTPONEMENTS 
NOVEMBER 15 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine attacks on United States diplomats in Cuba, fo-cusing on response and oversight. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13NO8.000 E13NOPT1
D1206 Monday, November 13, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7169–S7183 Measures Introduced: Two bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2118–2119.
                                     Page S7177 
Measures Passed: FEMA Accountability, Modernization and Transparency Act: Senate passed H.R. 1679, to en-sure that the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’s current efforts to modernize its grant manage-ment system includes applicant accessibility and transparency.
                                                                Page S7178 
Bradbury Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation. 
                                                                Pages S7175–76, S7178–83 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 271), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S7175–76 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, November 14, 2017; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S7178 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 90 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. EX. 270), Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Policy.                            Pages S7170–75, S7183 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7176 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7176 
Executive Communications:                             Page S7177 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7177–78 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7178 
Additional Statements: Authorities for Committees to Meet:
        Page S7178 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—271)
                                                 Pages S7175, S7176 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4:03 p.m. and adjourned at 7:38 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, November 14, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7178.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee began consideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, but did not complete action thereon, and will meet again on Tuesday, November 14, 2017. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4372–4381; and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 92–93; and H. Res. 615, 617, 618 were introduced.
                                                                    Page H9178 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9179 Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2331, to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–406); H.R. 3739, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO7.REC D13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1207 November 13, 2017 
Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–407); H. Res. 616, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2874) to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accu-rate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of private mar-kets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–408); and H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–409).
                                                                      Page H9178 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9139 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H9139 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 220 yeas to 165 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 625.
                                                                          Pages H9157–58 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:04 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:01 p.m.
                                                   Page H9140 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Market Data Protection Act of 2017: H.R. 3973, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to re-quire certain entities to develop internal risk control mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of market data;
                                                         Pages H9149–42 
Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017: H.R. 3071, amended, to require executive agencies to con-sider equipment rental in any cost-effectiveness anal-ysis for equipment acquisition, by a yea-and-nay vote of 396 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 624; and
                                                               Pages H9143–45, H9157 
Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2017: H.R. 3739, amended, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the mone-tary allowance payable to a former President.                                                                                     Pages H9145–48 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:54 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:31 p.m.
                                                   Page H9155 
Expressing the sense of the House of Represent-atives with respect to United States policy to-wards Yemen: The House agreed to H. Res. 599, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to United States policy towards Yemen, by a yea-and-nay vote of 366 yeas to 30 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 623. 
                                                                Pages H9148–55, H9155–56 
Oath of Office—Third Congressional District of Utah: Representative-elect John Curtis presented himself in the well of the House and was adminis-tered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Earlier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a scanned copy of a letter received from the Honorable Spencer J. Cox, Lieutenant Governor, State of Utah, indicating that, at the Special Election held on November 7, 2017, the Honorable John Curtis was elected Representa-tive to Congress for the 3rd Congressional District, State of Utah.
                                                              Page H9156 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentleman from Utah, the whole number of the House is 434.
                Page H9157 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Connected Government Act: H.R. 2331, amend-ed, to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly.
                                                                  Pages H9142–43 
Senate Referrals: S. 324 was held at the desk. S. 886 was held at the desk. S. 906 was held at the desk. S. 1153 was referred to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. S. 1266 was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs.
                                 Pages H9140, H9168 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H9156. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9155–56, H9157, H9158. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:47 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO7.REC D13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1208 November 13, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018; 21ST CENTURY FLOOD REFORM ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; and H.R. 2874, the ‘‘21st Century Flood Reform Act’’. The Committee grant-ed, by record vote of 8–2, a closed rule for H.R. 2874. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of the Conference Report to accom-pany H.R. 2810. The rule waives all points of order against the conference report and against its consid-eration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. The rule provides that debate on the conference re-port is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. In section 3, the rule provides that the Clerk shall not transmit to the Senate a message that the House has adopted the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810 until notified by the Speaker or by mes-sage from the Senate that the Senate has passed H.R. 4374 without amendment. Testimony was heard from Chairman Thornberry, Chairman Hensarling, and Representatives Smith of Washington, Capuano, Graves of Louisiana, Gene Green of Texas, Meadows, and Jordan. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Anthony Kurta, of Montana, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and James E. McPher-son, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Depart-ment of the Army, both of the Department of Defense, and Gregory E. Maggs, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine technology in agriculture, focusing on data-driven farm-ing, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine hurricane recovery efforts in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hear-ings to examine S. 1857, to establish a compliance dead-line of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emissions standards for new residential wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced-air furnaces, S. 203, to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, S. 839, to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emis-sion standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufac-turing before requiring compliance with such rule, and S. 1934, to prevent catastrophic failure or shutdown of re-mote diesel power engines due to emission control de-vices, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to continue con-sideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, 9 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider S. 1928, to establish a review of United States mul-tilateral aid, and the nominations of Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Namibia, Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Lesotho, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the authority to order the use of nuclear weapons, 10 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and Inter-national Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to exam-ine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on the view from Beijing, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine gene editing technology, focus-ing on innovation and impact, 10 a.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Response and Recovery to Environmental Concerns from the 2017 Hurricane Sea-son’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO7.REC D13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1209 November 13, 2017 Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1638, the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act’’; H.R. 3093, the ‘‘Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’; H.R. 3221, the ‘‘Securing Access to Affordable Mortgages Act’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3978, the ‘‘TRID Improve-ment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Govern-ance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4247, the ‘‘Restoring Financial Market Freedom Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4248, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclosure requirements related to conflict minerals, and for other purposes; H.R. 4258, the ‘‘Family Self-Sufficiency Act’’; H.R. 4263, the ‘‘Regula-tion A+ Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4267, the ‘‘Small Business Credit Availability Act’’; H.R. 4270, the ‘‘Monetary Policy Transparency and Accountability Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4278, the ‘‘Independence from Credit Policy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4279, the ‘‘Expanding Investment Opportunities Act’’; H.R. 4281, the ‘‘Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act’’; H.R. 4289, to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act to repeal certain disclosure require-ments related to coal and mine safety; H.R. 4292, the ‘‘Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act’’; H.R. 4293, to reform the Comprehensive Capital Anal-ysis and Review process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes; H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Preven-tion of Private Information Dissemination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4296, to place requirements on operational risk cap-ital requirements for banking organizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency; H.R. 4302, the ‘‘Congressional Accountability for Emergency Lending Programs Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4324, the ‘‘Strength-ening Oversight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Sexual Harassment in the Congressional Workplace’’, 10 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Looking North: Assessing the Current Threat at the U.S.-Canada Border’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Justice’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Need for Transparent Financial Account-ability in Territories’ Disaster Recovery Efforts’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reform Task Forces Check-In: Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Bolstering the Govern-ment’s Cybersecurity: A Survey of Compliance with the DHS Directive’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of November 14 through November 17, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Trans-portation, post-cloture. Following disposition of the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. Following disposition of the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Depart-ment of the Treasury. Following disposition of the nomination of Joseph Otting, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina. Following disposition of the nomination of Don-ald C. Coggins, Jr., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: November 15, Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine De-partment of Veterans Affairs efforts to prevent and com-bat opioid over medication, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: November 14, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Anthony Kurta, of Montana, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, both of the Department of Defense, and Gregory E. Maggs, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, 10 a.m., SD–G50. November 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Secretary for Policy, and Randall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the De-partment of Defense, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: No- vember 14, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Prod-uct Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine technology in agriculture, focusing on data- driven farming, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO7.REC D13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1210 November 13, 2017 November 16, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine Coast Guard readiness, focusing on how far we can stretch our Nation’s only multi-mission, military force, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: November 14, to hold an oversight hearing to examine hurricane re-covery efforts in Puerto Rico and the United States Vir-gin Islands, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. November 15, Full Committee, business meeting to consider, pursuant to H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018, reconcili-ation legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish and administer a competitive oil and gas pro-gram in the non-wilderness portion of the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge, known as the ‘‘1002 Area’’ or Coastal Plain, 9 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: November 14, Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hearings to examine S. 1857, to establish a compli-ance deadline of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emissions standards for new residential wood heaters, new residen-tial hydronic heaters, and forced-air furnaces, S. 203, to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, S. 839, to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule, and S. 1934, to prevent catastrophic failure or shut-down of remote diesel power engines due to emission control devices, 10 a.m., SD–406. November 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine promoting American leadership in reducing air emissions through innovation, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: November 14, business meeting to continue consideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, 9 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Foreign Relations: November 14, business meeting to consider S. 1928, to establish a review of United States multilateral aid, and the nominations of Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Namibia, Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Lesotho, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine the authority to order the use of nuclear weapons, 10 a.m., SD–419. November 14, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, fo-cusing on the view from Beijing, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. November 16, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on new counterterrorism guidance, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: No- vember 14, to hold hearings to examine gene editing technology, focusing on innovation and impact, 10 a.m., SD–430. November 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine encouraging healthy communities, focusing on per-spective from the Surgeon General, 10 a.m., SD–430. November 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Mitchell Zais, of South Caro-lina, to be Deputy Secretary, James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, and Timothy Kelly, of Michigan, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, all of the Department of Education, and Kate S. O’Scannlain, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, and Preston Rutledge, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Labor, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: November 15, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky, John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Kansas, Rebecca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Ken-tucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky, 10 a.m., SD–226. November 16, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2070, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, and the nominations of Leon-ard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, and Scott W. Brady, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and Andrew E. Lelling, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts for the term of four years, both of the Department of Jus-tice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: November 14, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. November 16, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, November 15, Sub-committee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘2018 Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO7.REC D13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1211 November 13, 2017 Affairs Electronic Health Record’’, 9:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, November 15, Sub-committee on Environment, markup on H.R. 1917, the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017’’; H.R. 453, the ‘‘Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act of 2017’’; H.R. 350, the ‘‘Recognizing the Protection of Motorsports Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1119, the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. November 16, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘The Race to 5G and its Potential to Revolutionize American Competitiveness’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, November 15, Full Com-mittee, markup on H. Res. 336, reaffirming a strong commitment to the United States-Mexico Partnership; H. Res. 401, urging China, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, India, and all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to en-force existing laws against the trade; H. Res. 407, con-demning the persecution of Christians around the world; H.R. 1164, the ‘‘Taylor Force Act’’; H.R. 1415, the ‘‘End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act’’; H.R. 2712, the ‘‘Pales-tinian International Terrorism Support Prevention Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3542, the ‘‘Hamas Human Shields Preven-tion Act’’; H.R. 3776, the ‘‘Cyber Diplomacy Act of 2017’’; H. Con. Res. 90, condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. November 15, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Development Finance in Asia: U.S. Eco-nomic Strategy Amid China’s Belt and Road’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, November 15, Sub-committee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Maximizing the Value of Cyber Threat Information Sharing’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, November 15, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 170, the ‘‘Protect and Grow American Jobs Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, November 15, Sub-committee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 212, the ‘‘EFFECT Act’’, H.R. 2320, the ‘‘Samish Indian Nation Land Conveyance Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3225, the ‘‘Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. November 15, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hear-ing on H.R. 801, the ‘‘Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act’’; H.R. 2888, the ‘‘Ste. Genevieve Na-tional Historical Park Establishment Act’’; H.R. 3979, the ‘‘Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act’’; and H.R. 4266, the ‘‘Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Recommendations and Reforms from the Inspectors General’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. November 15, Subcommittee on Information Tech-nology; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Information Tech-nology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 5.0’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, November 15, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1, the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, 12 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, November 15, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the Depart-ment of Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2017; leg-islation on the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2017; legislation on the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2017; legislation on the STEM Research and Education Effectiveness and Trans-parency Act; H.R. 4323, the ‘‘Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act’’; H.R. 4254, the ‘‘Women in Aero-space Education Act’’; H.R. 3397, the ‘‘Building Blocks of STEM Act’’; and legislation on the United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2017, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Novem-ber 15, to hold hearings to examine the victims of Tur-key’s failing rule of law, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO7.REC D13NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1212 November 14, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, November 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Vir-ginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Trans-portation, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, November 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 2810—National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 2874—21st Century Flood Reform Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
Bass, Karen, Calif., E1549 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1560 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E1549 Biggs, Andy, Ariz., E1561 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1556 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1560 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1553, E1555, E1556 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E1554 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1556 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E1549 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1555 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1549 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1550, E1550, E1551, E1552, E1553, E1553, E1555 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1558, E1559 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E1550, E1552, E1553, E1554, E1555, E1556, E1557, E1558, E1559, E1559 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1552 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1551 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1561 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E1561 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1550, E1550, E1551, E1552, E1553, E1555, E1556, E1558, E1559, E1559 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va., E1551 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1551 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1559 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1560 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1554, E1557 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1558 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1549 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1552, E1553 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Nov 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13NO7.REC D13NOPT1