Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5113 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JUNE 23, 2017 No. 108 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, June 26, 2017, at 4 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JUNE23, 2017 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of grace and goodness, thank You for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing of strength and perseverance that each Member might best serve their constituents and our entire Nation. May it be their purpose to see to the hopes of so many Americans, that they authenticate the grandeur and glory of the ideals and principles of our Repub-lic with the work they do. Grant that the men and women of the people’s House find the courage and wisdom to work together to forge solu-tions to the many needs of our Nation and ease the anxieties of so many. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HECK led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KAYLA BARRON, NASA ASTRONAUT CANDIDATE (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, who was re-cently selected for NASA’s 2017 Astro-naut Candidate Class. Kayla was cho-sen 1 of 12 from over 18,000 applicants to join just 338 people who have held the prestigious title of American astro-naut. Before applying to the NASA pro-gram, Ms. Barron attended the U.S. Naval Academy, where she received several medals and unit commenda-tions while earning a bachelor’s degree in systems engineering. She went on to earn a master’s degree in nuclear engi-neering from the University of Cam-bridge. She was a member of the first class of women commissioned into the submarine community as a submarine warfare officer. Kayla is an exemplary role model for students interested in science and tech-nology. I commend her for her hard work, and I wish her luck in her train-ing and her future exploration endeav-ors. f 
BRING BIPARTISANSHIP BACK TO BORING (Mr. HECK asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to tell you about a time when biparti-sanship was alive and when Congress was, well, boring for most Americans. In fact, it wasn’t that long ago. It was just in March of 2015 that Democrats and Republicans fixed the Medicare payment formula and funded the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. I was proud to be a Member of the body that day. Did our bipartisanship dominate the headlines? No. Did it get a lot of attention at town-halls? No, of course not. Because all of us getting along was, well, boring. But these recent Republican healthcare proposals, they are not bor-ing. They have been developed in se-crecy, they are completely partisan, and they take us backward. I challenge my friends across the aisle, the Republicans, to join us and fix the parts of the Affordable Care Act that need fixing because the Affordable Care Act has made a real difference for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.000 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5114 June 23, 2017 
millions of Americans, a positive dif-ference. So let’s get back to bipartisan-ship, back to boring, back to basics be-cause that is what our constituents want most of all. 
f 
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY 40TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. LAMBORN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 40th anniversary of Focus on the Family, a vital Amer-ican institution dedicated to pre-serving one of the country’s most foundational pillars: the family. While I cannot attend today’s cele-bration in person, I am grateful that my good friend, Vice President M
IKE P
ENCE , is in Colorado Springs to mark this wonderful occasion. It would be impossible to fully quan-tify the impact Focus on the Family has had in our own Nation and across the world. Thousands of marriages have been revived, children have been lovingly discipled, and families have been reunited and strengthened. Perhaps most important are the 382,000 lives saved through Focus on the Family’s Option Ultrasound pro-gram, which helps mothers choose life when faced with unexpected preg-nancies. Those 382,000 lives and, indeed, our entire Nation owe you a debt of grati-tude. So to founder Dr. James Dobson, Jim Daly, and the staff of Focus on the Family, I say, ‘‘Well, done,’’ and offer you my sincere congratulations. 
f 
HONORING LUKE NEWMAN (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I take this opportunity to commend the life and the legacy of an outstanding resident of my community who served in World War II, which is a long time ago, but he also became an outstanding citizen, steeped in the Lu-theran church, provided resources to the community where he lived and worked, so I commend Mr. Luke New-man, and I just simply say that we have enjoyed knowing him. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF FLOR-IDA HIGHWAY PATROL SER-GEANT WILLIAM BISHOP (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Florida High-way Patrol Master Sergeant William Bishop of Lake City. Sergeant Bishop was killed last Saturday while working a traffic accident on I–75 in Alachua County, Florida. Sergeant Bishop is a 30-year veteran of the Florida Highway Patrol, and he dedicated his life to law enforcement. He truly loved his patrol family. He also served in the United States Army, serving on the front lines all his life. That is a calling, not a job. Many of Bishop’s colleagues remem-ber him as someone who exhibited compassion, honesty, and faith. He loved watching football, but his great-est love of all was his family, espe-cially his son, Trampas. His service and sacrifice to the State of Florida is a debt we will never be able to repay. Please join me in honoring Florida Highway Patrol Master Sergeant Wil-liam Bishop and all of our fallen heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our safety. f 
RECOGNIZING MACKENZIE GORE AS 2016–17 GATORADE NORTH CAROLINA BASEBALL PLAYER OF THE YEAR (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that North Carolina is home to many great student athletes that serve as community role models. One prime example is MacKenzie Gore, who graduated from Whiteville High School this month and has been named the 2017 Gatorade North Caro-lina Baseball Player of the Year. Not only that, he was just recently selected third overall in the Major League Base-ball draft by the San Diego Padres. MacKenzie not only demonstrates athletic excellence, but also exemplary character and work ethic—the two pri-mary traits necessary for great suc-cess. Very few have achieved as much as early in life. It is a culmination of years of hard work and commitment. As with all who are in success, Mac-Kenzie is blessed to have a big decision to make: go pro and play for the Padres or head to East Carolina University to play for the Pirates. Whatever Mac-Kenzie decides, we are all proud of him and wish him the very best. 
f 
EVAN’S LAW (Mr. TURNER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, some-times out of loss, a cause arises and the lives of others are saved. I rise today to ask for my colleagues’ support of a bill I introduced today, Evan’s Law. My bill would require the Depart-ment of Defense to make windows in military residential housing safe for military families and their children by equipping housing units with fall pro-tection and prevention devices to pro-tect against unintentional falls by young children. We ask our servicemembers to go into harm’s way to protect our Nation and our way of life. Our servicemem-bers deserve to live in residential hous-ing properly equipped with window fall prevention devices to make sure their children are safe in their own homes. Mr. Speaker, joining me today in the balcony is Commander Jason English; his wife, Ami; and their children, Jason, Luke, Lydia, and Joshua. Commander English and his family have been tireless advocates for resi-dential window safety requirements in the Department of Defense. They lost their son Evan. Commander English and his family have worked to raise awareness about the danger young chil-dren face in residential housing. I thank the English family for their hard work. I am hopeful that Evan’s Law will become a part of the National Defense Authorization Act. I urge my colleagues to join me in their support. f 
ACCELERATING INDIVIDUALS INTO THE WORKFORCE ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 2842. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ne-braska? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 396 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2842. The Chair appoints the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b0911 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2842) to provide for the conduct of demonstra-tion projects to test the effectiveness of subsidized employment for TANF re-cipients, with Mr. D
ENHAM in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support to talk about H.R. 2842, the Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there are more than 6 mil-lion job openings, the highest level since the government started tracking the data in the year 2000. At the same time, the share of Americans partici-pating in the workforce is near a four- decade low. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.002 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5115 June 23, 2017 
Moving welfare recipients into em-ployment is a central goal of the Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Families program, or TANF. Yet only half of all TANF recipients receiving cash assist-ance are working or preparing for work. Some TANF recipients have a dif-ficult time transitioning from welfare into a job, so these types of on-the-job work experiences aid in the transition. The same goes for employers who may be reluctant to hire welfare recipients with limited work experience or other barriers to working. So the question is: How can we bridge the gap? How do we connect out-of- work Americans with all of the em-ployers who want and need to fill job openings? H.R. 2842, sponsored by Congressman C
URBELO of Florida and Congressman D
AVIS of Illinois, encourages employers to work with State and local agencies to hire TANF recipients. States would only be able to use this money to pro-vide benefits to those who are working, providing paychecks in lieu of benefit checks, a key tenet to welfare reform. Employers would take the lead by partnering with State and local agen-cies to hire TANF recipients, providing recipients with highly valued work ex-perience and on-the-job training, in-cluding apprenticeships. Earn-and-learn models help people become familiar with the workplace, gain needed skills, and earn a wage. The bill reserves up to $100 million for 1 year from the TANF Contingency Fund, which has already been extended through the end of fiscal year 2018 to subsidize up to 50 percent of a TANF recipient’s wage for no more than 12 months. Fifteen percent of the funds would be set aside for career pathway programs, which combine work, training, and other supports to help individuals enter the workforce and move up the economic ladder. Finally, high-quality evaluations would be used to determine whether these public-private partnerships were effective in helping welfare recipients move into jobs and retain work. There is broad support from the em-ployer community for helping low- skilled Americans gain on-the-job ex-perience, and there is plenty of support here and across the country for tying government assistance to work or work preparation for those who are able-bod-ied. Decades of experience tells us the most effective anti-poverty program is a job. It is helping low-income Ameri-cans earn success through the dignity of work. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the op-portunity to stand with Mr. C
URBELO in supporting this bill today, and I re-serve the balance of my time. b0915 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I strongly support H.R. 2842, the Ac-celerating Individuals into the Work-force Act, which is better known as TANF. This important bill modernizes the TANF Contingency Fund to promote effective job training programs, such as subsidized jobs, career pathways, and apprenticeship programs. Research is clear. Subsidized employment, career pathways, and apprenticeship programs successfully engage people in employ-ment, especially those who have been unsuccessful in finding paid employ-ment through their efforts. Further research on past TANF sub-sidized employment programs docu-ment that these initiatives increase employment and earnings both while individuals worked in a subsidized job as well as after the program ended. Also, studies show that States operated these programs that provided tremen-dous benefit at very reasonable cost. Many States used the TANF Emer-gency Funds to establish effective sub-sidized employment programs. Using these TANF Emergency Funds in Illi-nois, former Governor Pat Quinn im-plemented the very successful Put Illi-nois to Work program that directly created over 26,000 jobs, helping close to 5,000 employees in Illinois. Nation-ally, the TANF Emergency Funds cre-ated 260,000 jobs. Good subsidized employment pro-grams have three characteristics that make them an attractive part of TANF: they are able to increase em-ployment quickly; they help some of the individuals who face the greatest challenges enter the workforce and stay there; and, when funded on a large scale, they can help boost local econo-mies. For these reasons, Democrats have proposed subsidized employment within TANF for years. My friend and colleague from Wis-consin, GWENMOORE , initially proposed allowing subsidized employment in TANF via her RISE Act many years ago. I embraced her idea in my Respon-sible Fatherhood bill, and I am pleased to join with Representative C
URBELO  on this effort. If we are truly committed to helping families work their way out of poverty, we will need to do much more to strengthen TANF. We will need to en-sure that States actually spend TANF money on TANF recipients. We need to improve access to education and train-ing, critical changes that both Repub-lican and Democratic witnesses have emphasized over and over again. We need to improve childcare so parents can actually go to work. This bill is a good bill. It makes a small, positive step forward on our path to more comprehensive improve-ments to TANF. I strongly support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 5 minutes to the distin-guished gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), the lead sponsor of the bill. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2842, the Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act. Here in the House, we have prioritized helping Americans escape poverty, and we are working to create policies that are focused on getting in-dividuals into jobs so they can achieve self-sufficiency. A job is something that dignifies the human condition. It is an opportunity for every individual to make a con-tribution to their family, their local community, and to our country. This bill is an innovative solution that will give more people access to that opportunity. Through proposals like H.R. 2842, we can help struggling Americans find work and get on the path to success. This bipartisan legislation connects Americans looking for work with em-ployers looking to fill job openings, in-cluding through apprenticeships and other forms of on-the-job training. It uses $100 million from the TANF Con-tingency Fund for grants so States can conduct demonstration projects in-tended to assist TANF recipients in en-tering the workforce and maintaining employment. Importantly, this legislation requires that States meet certain criteria to en-sure they achieve their intended goal. This includes a description of how local governments will coordinate these ef-forts with others that assist low-in-come individuals. States must also report on the out-comes of the demonstration projects and provide evaluations to determine whether such employer-led partner-ships were effective. This bill empowers States, giving them the ability to take into account their own unique challenges and design programs that meet both their employ-ers’ and job seekers’ needs, rather than a top-down Washington approach. This legislation has support from our business leaders. I include this letter of support in the RECORD . 
BUSINESS ROUNDTABLE , Washington, DC, June 20, 2017. Hon. C
ARLOS CURBELO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. D
ANNY K. D AVIS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE CURBELO AND REP-
RESENTATIVE DAVIS: Business Roundtable ap-preciates your bipartisan efforts to bring more people into the workforce who cur-rently have few skills and lack job experi-ence. Your bill, H.R. 2842, the Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act, is a thoughtful approach for encouraging compa-nies to hire recipients of Temporary Assist-ance for Needy Families (TANF). We are pleased to support it. Business Roundtable CEOs believe earn- and-learn programs help people become fa-miliar with the workplace, gain needed skills, and earn a wage. In many inner cities, the unemployment rate for young people is distressingly high, but their prospects im-prove dramatically if they find a first-time job. By supporting partnerships among busi-ness, government, and education to hire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.004 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5116 June 23, 2017 
TANF recipients, the Accelerating Individ-uals into the Workforce Act will give the un-employed an opportunity to work and suc-ceed. Sincerely, W
ESBUSH, Chair, Education and Workforce Com-mittee, Business Roundtable; Chair-man, Chief Execu-tive Officer and President, Northrop Grumman Corpora-tion. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I was happy to partner with Rep-resentative D
ANNY DAVIS on this effort to move individuals from welfare into long-term employment, and I am proud of the work we have done together. I would also like to thank Chairman B
RADY and Subcommittee Chairman A
DRIAN SMITH for their leadership and hard work, as well as Rosemary Lahasky, Anne DeCesaro, and the rest of the House Committee on Ways and Means staff who have worked on this legislation. Mr. Chairman, if I may add one thing. Last week, in the wake of the tragic shooting against Members of Congress, we all vowed to come to-gether, to find common ground. The Committee on Ways and Means an-swered that call, and I am very con-fident that this House will do the same later today. The American people expect us to have our differences, our disagree-ments, but they also expect us to find common ground; and Republicans and Democrats have done this today in favor of those who need it most, wel-fare recipients, needy families in our country. I am very proud to sponsor this legislation, to support it, and I would ask all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), who has worked on these issues for many, many terms and many years. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman and both my col-leagues, though I respectfully disagree that this Congress has placed any pri-ority on helping get people out of pov-erty. Indeed, when it comes to poverty in America, this Congress has largely been silent. I think the Congress itself is impoverished when it comes to ideas about how to lift people up into the middle class. We talk here so much about the mid-dle class, and appropriately so, but there are millions of people out there who are struggling to just climb up that first or second rung of the eco-nomic ladder and work themselves into the middle class, and this Congress is doing little, constructively, to assist them. The need for real and meaningful change is particularly evident in my home State of Texas, where the State legislature has been so incredibly indif-ferent to this problem. There, one out of every four children is below the pov-erty level, and over one-third of all Texans live in the shadow of poverty, meaning that their income is less than twice the poverty threshold. The Cor-poration for Enterprise Development ranked Texas near the bottom among all States on key measures related to financial security. Now, here is what today’s bipartisan bill does to respond to that, and it is really a story of the number one. Of the several Republican proposals that were originally advanced by now- Speaker PAUL RYAN two years ago, some introduced by Republican col-leagues and some containing good ideas, this is the one last bill standing. With the notable exception of a budg-et that is devastating to opportunities for poor Americans, this is the one and only bill on Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, previously known as welfare, that Republicans will even permit us to discuss on the floor of this House. This one very modest bill does not add one new dollar to address the chal-lenges that those who want to rise from welfare to work need. It simply segregates $100 million from an exist-ing fund for one year. Now, get this: the fund from which they are segregating the $100 million from, Donald Trump is seeking to abol-ish the entire fund so that no moneys for this proposal will be available after one year. This bill gives the States no new flexibility, and no new authority. It does not authorize them to do anything that they cannot do today. Indeed, some States—and I think my colleague from Illinois referenced one of these— are already finding ways to, in appro-priate situations, subsidize employ-ment. What this bill does is to say that on this particular $100 million fund, as long as it lasts, until President Trump eliminates it entirely, that the States must use the money in a particular way. In other words, it seeks to restrict the States who receive these moneys to require them to use it for one par-ticular way to assist those who are in poverty. It is also significant that the Trump budget cuts are so far-reaching in try-ing to undermine efforts to raise people out of poverty, and for those who are not able-bodied, to provide them the support that they need. This bill deals with a little less than one-half of one percent of the Trump budget cuts. I believe, sincerely, that we need a better approach, that we have ideas on both sides of the aisle that are being blocked by a determination to not ad-dress root causes of poverty. First, we should support initiatives that strike at the early seeds of pov-erty, like the Home Visiting Program that will expire in a mere three months, which helps to improve oppor-tunities for at-risk children and helps their parents be the parents they want to be; and certainly, early childhood education is a key part of that. Second, we should increase efforts to help people gain the skills they need to secure jobs through which they can support their families at a living wage, and that is the challenge here. Sure, some employers will love to have tax-payers subsidize their workforce, pay part of the wages that they would oth-erwise have to pay, and sometimes this is a valuable support, particularly for people that are reentering our society after incarceration and other groups of particularly hard-to-place employees. But for many folks, the big question is, when the subsidy ends, when the tax-payer stops paying, will there be a job there? Is there a job ladder that will allow that person to work themselves up, or are they essentially partici-pating in minimum wage employment that will not support their family and will not provide them a future? There are in-demand skills-training programs that do work and do offer an alternative, but they are not free. They take an investment. An example is Project QUEST in San Antonio. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Chairman, Project QUEST has an 86 percent job placement rate for its graduates, who boost their incomes, on average, from $10,000 a year before entering the pro-gram to $40,000 a year. I know there are similar programs in other parts of the country that do the same. They are not subsidized employ-ment, but they are working with poor people to get the skills that they need for an in-demand job and working with local employers to find out what types of jobs are most needed. In many parts of America, our economy is being held back by a lack of qualified workers. Then, one of the areas that is so im-portant to all parents, but particularly to single moms that are in poverty, is childcare. President Trump is pro-posing not one, but three cuts to childcare, cutting out hundreds of mil-lions of dollars of support to childcare, which stands in the way of many indi-viduals from working their way out of poverty. I believe that we need to be working together to try to find genuine solu-tions and that working together is not just here in this House, in Congress, be-cause the big problem here is that, when we voted in 1996—and I voted for it, for moving from welfare to work— we expected the States to be partners in that effort. Today, as much as we talk about work and getting from wel-fare to work, exactly 8 cents out of every dollar being spent on the Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Families program—8 cents—goes to work sup-ports. And not very much more than that goes to childcare, and President Trump, of course, wants to reduce that. It is only by having a comprehensive program that is really focused on the roots of poverty and assisting those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.002 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5117 June 23, 2017 
who would help themselves that the promise of that welfare law can become effective. Unfortunately, while we did change fundamentally and end welfare as we know it, it became welfare for Repub-lican Governors who wanted to use these Federal moneys not to assist the poor, but to assist their States fill var-ious budget gaps. We have a great ex-ample of where block grants fail. I hope we can find ways to succeed. b0930 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the ef-forts here today of my colleague from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) working together focusing on solu-tions. Mr. Chairman, we know that, this day and age, it is very easy to identify the problems and the challenges that our country faces. It is a little more difficult to come up with the solutions and bring people together. I appreciate the efforts of both sides coming to-gether today. I truly believe that the solutions to our challenges are out in the commu-nities where needy families live, and we know we have many needy families across our country for various reasons. America is a big country. And when you look at the challenges that indi-viduals might face economically, I hope that we can come together as Americans to focus on growing our economy, growing opportunity, hoping that we see, as our number one respon-sibility, the need to provide for oppor-tunity in the future. We can’t set certain and determine certain outcomes, but we can certainly measure the outcomes from our efforts here in Washington. That is why this bill, very importantly, requires States to report on outcomes through this program. We know that we need to pro-vide more flexibility for States. This does exactly that, and, even more so, with communities. As we do get the feedback from the States, I hope that we will heed their advice because they are the folks who are more in touch with the needs of their various communities around their jurisdictions, all 50 States. Mr. Chairman, they are experts, and I hope that we can work together with them here, on both sides of the aisle, in Washington, but also all across Amer-ica with very diverse needs for needy families. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), a fierce advocate for low-income peo-ple. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member D
ANNY DAVIS. I rise to express support for H.R. 2842, Accel-erating Individuals into the Workforce Act. I do, again, want to thank my dear friend, Representative DAVIS, for recog-nizing the importance of subsidizing jobs as something that was featured in my RISE Out of Poverty bill, and I ap-plaud this bipartisan bill as a small step in the right direction. Now, this bill calls for a demonstra-tion project, which would show progress toward reducing poverty in our country through a 1-year test of subsidized employment programs. But I would note, Mr. Chairman, that it cer-tainly does not tackle the larger short-comings of TANF, which is in des-perate need of reform. If enacted, this bill would exhibit a great start at helping TANF recipients obtain short-term employment. How-ever, methods to retain long-term em-ployment through higher education and childcare options for TANF recipi-ents are still needed. I do want to point out, Mr. Chairman, that contrary to popular notions of welfare recipients—I have been a wel-fare recipient myself—people on public assistance do, in fact, want to work, but they want to work at a wage that is sustainable. They want to work at a job that includes training opportuni-ties. They want to work at jobs that provide them with a career ladder, and they, certainly, want to work at a job that will bring them out of poverty— something that will help them work in a durable, lasting fashion. Since I have a little bit more time than I thought I was going to have, I just want to point out that it is a lit-tle-known fact that current law under TANF actually requires welfare recipi-ents to do unwaged work. How absurd is that? Who in this body, Mr. Chair-man, would work for absolutely noth-ing? I want to note that the proposed funding mechanism in H.R. 2842 does not appear in my RISE Out of Poverty bill. TANF funds are woefully inad-equate already. They are pegged to a 1994 appropriations, and, certainly, this flat funding would inure to the det-riment of the entire TANF program. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I am prepared to close if there are no more speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to, first of all, commend Mr. C
URBELO for his leadership on this issue, and I certainly agree with him that we have found enough common ground to be here this morning with a bill that we can pass, but I also agree with my friend from Texas (Mr. D
OG-
GETT ), that there are many short-comings to helping individuals actu-ally realize the potential that they have to move beyond poverty to sus-tainable employment so that they can have a level of living and a level of ex-pectation which gives them the energy that they need to keep moving forward. There are some improvements that we certainly need to make. We can allow greater education and training. Every time witnesses come before us, they always tell us that, no matter whether they are billed as Republican or Democrat, or with no political stripe. We should improve TANF for kinship caregivers. We should remove the lifetime ban on felony drug convic-tions. Just imagine, that these individ-uals will never ever have the oppor-tunity to experience the benefits of this program, or of this effort. We should remove the 60-month time limit during recessions, and we should remove the ban to assist unwed teen parents and other youth who are dis-placed. So clearly, we do have agreement this morning, and I am delighted to be a part of it, but I certainly hope that my colleagues will look at those unmet needs that the legislation does not cover. I urge its support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate Mr. CURBELO and Mr. D AVIS for their lead-ership on this issue, and then col-leagues from both sides coming to-gether in a bipartisan way so that we can help more Americans get back to work. This bill requires high-quality eval-uations to determine whether these public-private partnerships are effec-tive in helping welfare recipients move into jobs. These evidence-based results will be used to inform future policy de-cisions to reform our welfare system, similar to the approach taken in the mid-1990s. I look forward to working with my colleagues on these important issues so more Americans can earn a wage and feel the dignity of work. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–22. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2842 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Accelerating In-dividuals into the Workforce Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.037 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5118 June 23, 2017 
SEC. 2. DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS TO SUPPORT SUBSIDIZED EMPLOYMENT FOR TANF RECIPIENTS TO ENTER THE WORKFORCE. 
Section 403 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 603) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
UBSIDIZED EMPLOYMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make grants to States to conduct demonstration projects, at least one of which shall fund pro-grams that offer apprenticeships registered under the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly known as the ‘National Apprenticeship Act’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.), de-signed to implement and evaluate strategies that provide wage subsidies to enable low-income in-dividuals to enter into and retain employment. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall require each State that applies for a grant under this subsection to do the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Describe how wage subsidies will be pro-vided (such as whether paid directly to the em-ployer or the individual), the duration of the subsidies, the amount of the subsidies, the struc-ture of the subsidies, and how employers will be recruited to participate in the subsidized em-ployment program. ‘‘(B) Describe how the State expects those par-ticipating in subsidized employment to be able to retain employment after the subsidy ends. ‘‘(C) Describe how the State will coordinate subsidized employment funded under this sub-section with other efforts to help low-income in-dividuals enter work as conducted by the State. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State to which a grant is made under this subsection may use the grant to subsidize the wages of an eligible recipient for a period not exceeding 12 months, and only to the extent that the total of the funds paid under this project and any other Federal funds so used with respect to the recipient does not exceed 50 percent of the amount of the wages received by the recipient during the period. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENT .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), an eligible recipient is— ‘‘(i)(I) a recipient of assistance under the State program funded under this part or any other State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i)); or ‘‘(II) a noncustodial parent of a minor child who is receiving assistance referred to in sub-clause (I); ‘‘(ii) who, at the time the subsidy begins, is unemployed; and ‘‘(iii) whose income, at that time, is less than 200 percent of the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, and revised annually in accordance with section 673(2) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))). ‘‘(4) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(A) N
ONDISPLACEMENT .—A State to which a grant is made under this subsection shall ensure that no participant in a subsidized job program funded in whole or in part under this subsection is employed or assigned to a job under the pro-gram— ‘‘(i) when any other individual is on layoff from the same or any substantially equivalent job; or ‘‘(ii) if the employer has terminated the em-ployment of any regular employee or otherwise caused an involuntary reduction of its work-force in order to fill the vacancy so created with an adult described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) G
RIEVANCE PROCEDURE .—A State with a program funded under this subsection shall es-tablish and maintain a grievance procedure for resolving complaints of alleged violations of sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(C) N
O PREEMPTION .—Nothing in this para-graph shall preempt or supersede any provision of State or local law that provides greater pro-tection for employees from displacement. ‘‘(5) REPORTS .—As a condition of receiving funds under this subsection for a fiscal year, a State shall submit to the Secretary, within 6 months after the end of the fiscal year, a report that— ‘‘(A) specifies, for each month of the fiscal year, the number of individuals whose employ-ment is subsidized with these funds; ‘‘(B) describes the structure of the State ac-tivities to use the funds to subsidize employ-ment, including the amount and duration of the subsidies provided; ‘‘(C) specifies the percentage of eligible recipi-ents who received a subsidy who are in unsub-sidized employment during the second quarter after the subsidy ended; ‘‘(D) specifies the percentage of eligible recipi-ents who received a subsidy who are in unsub-sidized employment during the fourth quarter after the subsidy ended; and ‘‘(E) specifies the median earnings of eligible recipients who received a subsidy who are in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after the subsidy ended. ‘‘(6) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with each State conducting a dem-onstration project, shall conduct a high-quality evaluation of the demonstration project, and may reserve funds made available under this subsection to conduct the evaluation in accord-ance with the following: ‘‘(A) E
VALUATOR QUALIFICATIONS .—The Sec- retary may not enter into a contract with an evaluator unless the evaluator has demonstrated experience in conducting rigorous evaluations of program effectiveness including, where available and appropriate, well-implemented randomized controlled trials. ‘‘(B) M
ETHODOLOGIES TO BE USED .—The eval- uation of a demonstration project shall use ex-perimental designs using random assignment or other reliable, evidence-based research meth-odologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences when random assignment is not feasible. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—The Secretary shall publish the results of the evaluation on the website of the Department of Health and Human Services in a location easily accessible by the public. ‘‘(7) R
ECOMMENDATIONS TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit recommendations to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate on how to increase the employ-ment, retention, and advancement of individ-uals currently or formerly receiving assistance under a State program funded under this part or any other State program funded with quali-fied State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i)). ‘‘(8) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts made avail-able to carry out subsection (b) for fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall reserve $100,000,000 to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(9) U
SE OF CERTAIN FUNDS FOR CAREER PATH -
WAY PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall use 15 per-cent of the amounts reserved to carry out this subsection, to fund programs that offer career pathway (as defined in section 3(7) of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act) services. ‘‘(10) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds pro-vided to a State under this subsection in a fiscal year shall be expended by the State in the fiscal year or in the succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendment made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2017. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–187. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . FOXX  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–187. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 2, before the period, insert the following: ‘‘in an in-demand industry sector or occupation identified by the appropriate State or local workforce development board’’. Page 5, after line 13, insert the following: ‘‘(C) describes the State’s policies in effect during the fiscal year— ‘‘(i) to ensure nondisplacement as required under paragraph (4)(A); and ‘‘(ii) to implement grievance procedures as required in (4)(B), including information on the number of grievance claims filed in the preceding fiscal year and the aggregate re-sults of those claims;’’. Page 5, line 14, redesignate subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D). Page 5, line 18, redesignate subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E). Page 5, line 22, redesignate subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, this amendment to H.R. 2842, Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act, would make two changes to the bill. The first part of the amendment would encourage the demonstration projects created under this bill to direct bene-ficiaries toward jobs in an in-demand industry sector or occupation, as iden-tified by workforce boards in their States and local communities. Today, in this country, there are ap-proximately 6 million jobs that remain unfilled because they require technical skills and knowledge related specifi-cally to an industry or occupation. If we want to help participants move from government assistance and hold a job, then we must set them on a path toward jobs and industries that are currently, and will remain, competi-tive in the evolving 21st century econ-omy. The second part of my amendment would include in the reports from States that establish these demonstra-tion projects information about their efforts to ensure nondisplacement of workers and to address grievance claims. Congress’ future decisions re-lated to similar programs will be en-hanced by having access to this infor-mation and data reported from the States. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.003 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5119 June 23, 2017 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would fur-ther strengthen the protections against displacement of current employees. I think it is a goal that we all share to make sure that this bill expands em-ployment, rather than just changing who is employed. I plan to support the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, as our economy continues to recover and evolve, it is critical that job seekers have the resources needed to gain the skills they need to compete for in-de-mand jobs. That was the aim of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act that we passed in 2014, and my amendment encourages State agencies to coordinate with their workforce boards to continue these efforts. My amendment also would improve the information participating States submit about their demonstration projects, providing important data for decisionmakers in the future. I thank my colleagues for their consideration and ask for their support of this amendment and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . BOST 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–187. Mr. BOST. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 20, after ‘‘individuals’’, insert ‘‘, including individuals displaced or relo-cated from a public housing authority to an alternative public housing facility or placed on rental assistance,’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. b0945 Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to provide relief to the people of Cairo, Illinois, and other communities across the country who have fallen victim to cor-ruption in their local housing authori-ties. Last year, the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development took con-trol of Alexander County Housing Au-thority in my district after decades of fraud and mismanagement. Many of Cairo’s public housing units were fall-ing apart, rating somewhere between dangerous and unlivable. All the while, the housing authority’s senior staff continued to cash in: excessive pay, great benefits, large pension payouts, and big consulting contracts for former executive directors. All of this was paid for with taxpayers’ money. An investigation by The Southern Il-linoisan newspaper found local resi-dents coping with leaking roofs, moldy living facilities, broken heating and air conditioning, rats, and cockroaches— unbelievable living conditions. This didn’t happen overnight. It hap-pened after many years of neglect. The situation is so bad that the worst hous-ing units in Cairo are being destroyed, and families are being required to move. Sadly, Cairo’s story is not unique. Similar stories of mismanagement and fraud have occurred in housing au-thorities across the country. While I continue to fight for families in Cairo, we must work to help those who have been relocated at no fault of their own. My amendment would require the State applications include plans to help these families transition to their new communities and find work. This will be an important step forward for Americans already fighting to stay on their feet. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I want to say to everyone, if they can, to support this amendment. I want everyone to know also that it is my hope that both State and Federal authorities pursue, in this particular case, those who have abused the sys-tem, that they prosecute them, and that they are put in situations where they are in prison, because there they will receive better housing conditions than what they left these people with. Now, this amendment deals with the fact of allowing them the opportunity to work and to step them up into a bet-ter life. But I hope and I pray that the people who are responsible for Cairo and all these other facilities will be prosecuted to the full extent. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B OST). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–187. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(D) Describe how the State will coordi-nate subsidized employment funded under this subsection with the Federal Work-Study Program, career pathway (as defined in sec-tion 3(7) of the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act) services, and other Federal programs to help low-income individuals complete education and training programs and enter the workforce.’’. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Oregon. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, the amendment I am offering with my col-league, Representative S
USAN DAVIS, strengthens coordination between sub-sidized employment through the Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Families, TANF, program, other Federal work-force development programs, and the Federal Work-Study program. The goal of the Accelerating Individ-uals into the Workforce Act is to help low-income individuals gain the experi-ence and skills necessary for long-term success in the workforce and access to family-sustaining wages. Yet studies of the long-term effects on unemploy-ment from short-term, subsidized em-ployment programs demonstrate dif-fering outcomes, which is why I com-mend my colleagues for including ro-bust reporting and evaluation require-ments in the underlying bill. We already know that other efforts have clear long-term benefits. Adults who attain postsecondary credentials and degrees are much more likely to be employed and much less likely to rely on public assistance. For example, about 90 percent of young adults who earn a bachelor’s degree are employed. The employment rate for those who don’t complete high school is just 48 percent. Not surprisingly, the vast ma-jority—approximately 93 percent—of TANF recipients did not attain edu-cation beyond high school. Helping more low-income adults complete postsecondary credential pro-grams and degrees is a proven strategy for reducing reliance on public assist-ance and promoting self-sufficient households. This is a bipartisan goal. Our amendment advances this goal by helping to give more low-income parents high-quality work opportuni-ties while enrolled in postsecondary programs. Currently, the Federal Work-Study program provides part- time jobs to students. Studies show that those students who are lucky enough to get a Federal Work-Study job have higher completion rates and are more likely to work in a position that aligns with their program of study. Unfortunately, Federal Work-Study alone cannot meet the demand for con-necting low-income students with valu-able, work-based learning opportuni-ties. In fact, only about 2 percent of community college students partici-pate in Federal Work-Study. The subsidized employment program authorized in the bill we are debating today could help address this unmet need and target additional support to low-income student parents, helping 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.011 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5120 June 23, 2017 
them attain a credential or degree and vastly improving their long-term em-ployment prospects. Administering the subsidized em-ployment program in conjunction with the Federal Work-Study program re-quires coordination among State agen-cies and higher education institutions. My amendment encourages this coordi-nation, and I encourage Members to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not op-posed to the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I support this amendment. It re-quires States to coordinate efforts under this bill with other Federal pro-grams designed to help low-income in-dividuals obtain the necessary skills to enter employment and climb the eco-nomic ladder. Our Federal welfare system is large, fragmented, and growing in cost. The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service estimates that we currently operate over 80 programs that provide food, housing, healthcare, job training, education, energy assistance, and cash to low-income Americans. Reducing bureaucracy and streamlining a State’s administration of employment and training services to low-income Ameri-cans is a step in the right direction. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as well as supporting the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, a number of State programs leverage Federal Work-Study funds to help TANF recipients who are enrolled in community college programs meet work requirements and get real-world experience in jobs that reinforce what they are studying. Additionally, the Government Ac-countability Office has recommended improving coordination between em-ployment and training programs, and the Department of Health and Human Services guidelines on helping TANF recipients succeed in career pathways makes recommendations for using the Federal Work-Study program in con-junction with TANF to boost the at-tainment of industry-recognized cre-dentials. There is precedent and widespread support for improving the coordination of programs that help low-income indi-viduals gain work experience to sub-sidize employment. Again, our amend-ment does not require States to devote funds from TANF-subsidized employ-ment programs to low-income student parents, but it does ask States to con-sider how they are using subsidized em-ployment—whether through TANF or Federal Work-Study—in concert to give more people the opportunity to earn a higher education degree or cre-dential and, thereby, a significantly improved chance at finding a long- term, living-wage job. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, again, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as well as the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair, I am proud to support this amendment which would align the TANF program and the federal work study program. TANF, or the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, was created to help struggling families become self sufficient. We know that the best way to achieve this goal is to give people the resources they need to find quality jobs. This amendment would allow states to align employment efforts by coordinating with schools to help more students access work- study opportunities. And we know that these students are not the 18 year olds of decades past—they are older students with children, dependent par-ents, and more financial responsibilities. Helping these students elevates entire fami-lies; helping these families elevates entire communities. I hope we can come together to support this amendment and support more working Ameri-cans. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–187. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, line 9, before the semicolon, insert ‘‘and the percentage of such individuals whose employment is in an area that matches their previous training and work ex-perience’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment. I would like to thank my good friend, Congressman L
LOYD  S
MUCKER of Pennsylvania, for helping me to introduce this amendment. Right now what is being taught in classes doesn’t necessarily align with what is needed to get a job. Yesterday, the House passed a bipartisan bill unanimously that would make sure that there is stronger alignment and collaboration between career and tech-nical education programs and the em-ployers that will be hiring. Our amendment would require that States report the percentage of sub-sidized individuals whose jobs match their previous experience. Incentivizing States that opt into this pilot program expands on yesterday’s bill to ensure that resources are being used as efficiently as possible by guid-ing students towards the jobs they were trained for. Mr. Chairman, I hope everybody will support passage of our amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am not opposed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I support this amendment. This amendment provides further informa-tion to ensure we have high-quality evaluations requiring States to meas-ure how many recipients entered em-ployment in the same field they re-ceived on-the-job training. The more we know about how these programs work and their return on our invest-ments is important when we make de-cisions down the road. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment as well as the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support. I urge all Members to support this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–187. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, line 21, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 5, line 25, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 5, after line 25, insert the following: (F) specifies the number of eligible recipi-ents who received a subsidy who concur-rently received other Federal or State means-tested benefits during their subsidized employment. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, the gentleman from Ohio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.016 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5121 June 23, 2017 
(Mr. D AVIDSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that, if enacted, would provide additional data on the performance and effectiveness of the programs created under H.R. 2842, the Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act. In particular, my amendment would require States to include in their an-nual reports to the Health and Human Services Department whether individ-uals who participated in this dem-onstration project still need additional forms of Federal or State assistance after the fact. The data point really shows whether they are truly inde-pendent of the safety net. The most meaningful solution to pov-erty is a job. I believe the data point outlined in my amendment will further help Congress measure the performance of this program in the scope that should apply to all of our Nation’s wel-fare programs: placing people into meaningful work and helping them and their families achieve self-sufficiency. We need this data to ensure the project is truly working. When I worked in manufacturing, data was a vital component to solving problems. It showed me what worked best, what failed, and, most impor-tantly, what needed to be changed and how to get to the root cause. The same science applies to solving problems here and to this program. Too often we measure the success of our safety net programs based on dol-lars spent rather than effectiveness. Fixing our welfare system is a senti-ment shared by both sides of the aisle. This is a bipartisan bill, and I believe this legislation is a great step forward. Additionally, my office has been working on another bill, the Welfare BRAC Act, which would create a bipar-tisan commission to review the 90-plus means-tested programs that spent nearly $850 billion a year. I hope one day to have a vote on that bill just as we are having one on this today. We need more deeds and not just words. This bill is a great step forward to solving the problem. There is wide-spread agreement on both sides of the aisle that our safety net is not accom-plishing all it needs to. If enacted, my amendment would help us here in Con-gress identify new methods to help our Nation’s most vulnerable by getting them into the workplace. b1000 It is crucial that everyone has an equal opportunity to engage in our communities and contribute by earning financial independence through the dignity of work. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would re-quire States to collect and report infor-mation on whether participants were receiving income-related assistance like health insurance; child care assist-ance; school lunch; or the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, benefits; rental subsidies; or perhaps even the earned income tax credit. The information the amendment re-quests is not relevant to what we are trying to learn from these demonstra-tion projects, which is whether dif-ferent approaches improve earnings and employment. Asking for it is an in-vasion of the privacy of the individ-uals, with no research benefit. Collecting this information also seems burdensome for States, and would likely require them to ask par-ticipating employers to ask their em-ployees inappropriate personal ques-tions that they would not ask of any other employee. Most importantly, I am concerned that requiring States to collect infor-mation on these important work sup-ports would make some States think that they are supposed to discourage participants from accessing these sup-ports. Both research and common sense clearly tell us that access to supports like child care assistance, healthcare, and wage supplements that pay for transportation and other work ex-penses make it more likely that indi-viduals will succeed in work. We should do nothing that might discourage States from providing these supports to help workers succeed. We should do nothing that might cause individuals to not make use of what is available to them. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Mr. D
AVIDSON for his ef-forts. Mr. Chairman, I support this amend-ment. I hope that we can evaluate all of the programs that we have, coordi-nate among them, learn more about their effectiveness, and ultimately re-spect folks in need and do all we can that is appropriate to help lift them-selves out of poverty. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. Sunlight brings truth. Truth will set you free. My hope is truth will set folks free from the trap that many peo-ple find in multigenerational poverty. We really, truly want to help solve the problem and get the information that will help us make our systems work ef-fectively. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . KHANNA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–187. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 6, line 4, after ‘‘project,’’ insert ‘‘in-cluding an analysis of the project’s effect on eligible recipients who received additional credentialing and training during their sub-sidized employment or participation in an apprenticeship or career pathways pro-gram,’’. Page 7, line 10, insert at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Such recommendations shall in-clude recommendations on the effects of ad-ditional credentialing and training provided during subsidized employment or participa-tion in an apprenticeship or career pathways program.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
HANNA ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2842, the Ac-celerating Individuals into the Work-force Act. I would like to thank the sponsors of the bill, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). This bipartisan bill will assist low-in-come individuals by helping some of our most needy Americans to enter the workforce and maintain their employ-ment. I believe one of the top priorities for Congress is to help our middle class by creating wealth in the middle class and to help the wages of the 50 percent of Americans who haven’t had a wage raise since 1980. For far too long, many Americans have seen falling incomes, which have left working families behind. My amendment is simple. It adds a re-quirements for the Secretary of the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices to measure the effect that training and credentialing has on the recipients helped by this bill. The public report and recommenda-tions to Congress are already mandated by the original bill. This amendment will not affect the overall cost. There is a body of research dem-onstrating that providing education and training to TANF recipients makes people more likely to obtain good jobs and increase their wages. They are more likely to stay employed. The projects funded by this bill pro-vide a great opportunity to add to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.020 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5122 June 23, 2017 
research so we can know how to better assist TANF recipients and other un-employed workers. I also want to thank the gentle-woman from Washington, (Ms. D
ELBENE), for her amendment to the bill during markup by the Committee on Ways and Means. That amendment requires that at least one of the em-ployment demonstration projects must be an apprenticeship program. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support my amendment that seeks to add information that can be used to modernize our job training, credentialing, and apprenticeship pro-gram to match those seeking employ-ment with our current job openings. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am not opposed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I support this amendment. This amendment simply requires that the high-quality evaluations in-clude measurements or how many re-cipients participated in an apprentice or career pathway program, and any credentials earned along the way. Earn-and-learn models—those where an individual is getting on-the-job ex-perience, earning a wage, and learning new occupational skills—are one of the best types of workforce development models the government can support. Apprenticeships, in particular, provide a combination of occupational on-the- job training and related instruction, helping to improve worker training and address critical skill gaps that align with the needs of industry. We know that the best way out of poverty is through work, and appren-ticeships provide a pathway to obtain-ing a successful career. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as well as the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–187. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 7, line 10, after the period, insert the following: ‘‘Such recommendations shall in-clude recommendations on how to address employment-related challenges in rural areas and among members of federally recog-nized Indian tribes.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am here this morn-ing to talk about the biggest thing on the minds of the folks that I represent: jobs. I am glad that we are having a dis-cussion today about how to help people land a job that they can be proud of. Whether I am at a VFW or a county fair, in a lot of the parts of the region that I represent, this is the concern that I hear more than anything else. Today’s bill would help people who are looking for work acquire skills that help them land a bigger paycheck and a better career. I am glad to offer an amendment with a fellow member of the Bipartisan Working Group, Rep-resentative VALADAO , to make sure that the bill that is passed does some good for rural communities and for our tribal partners as well. I know firsthand the challenges that small towns across America are facing. I grew up in a timber town in Wash-ington State and watched some of the parents of my friends and some of my neighbors lose their jobs as mills shut down. These men and women are the hardworking Americans that want work, want training, and want careers. In short, they want a shot at a better life. That is what this bill will do. I com-mend Mr. C
URBELO and Mr. D AVIS for bringing it forward. With our amend-ment, we can make sure that shot is extended to all communities, no mat-ter their ZIP Code. Our amendment directs the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to take a look at how to address em-ployment challenges in rural areas and those challenges facing members of federally recognized Native American Tribes. It directs the Secretary then to provide recommendations to Congress on what fixes actually work best. When it comes to providing the train-ing to get folks into quality jobs, we want to make sure that we are not fly-ing blind. Our amendment makes sure that we have all the information we need to make the right decisions and give folks who want a quality job a shot at that. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I support this amendment. The first hearing I held as chairman of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Human Resources was on the geog-raphy of poverty. People often think of poverty only as they see it in cities, not realizing poverty today is more common than ever in suburban and even rural areas. People also underestimate poverty in rural and remote areas, not knowing the rates of poverty in these areas have, for decades, been higher than in urban areas. This amendment ensures the Sec-retary takes into account rural areas and Indian Tribes when making rec-ommendations on how to address em-ployment-related challenges. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as well as sup-port the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support. And, again, I thank Representatives CURBELO and D AVIS for their work on the underlying bill, and the coopera-tion of Mr. V
ALADAO for working to ad-dress this challenge. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–187 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 4 by Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI of Illinois. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. D
AVIDSON of Ohio. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 380, noes 32, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 320] AYES—380 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.023 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5123 June 23, 2017 
Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—32 
Amash Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Bishop (UT) Brat Brooks (AL) Burgess DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Farenthold Gaetz Gallagher Gohmert Graves (GA) Harris Jones Kelly (MS) Marchant Massie Messer Olson Palazzo Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Posey Weber (TX) Wittman Yoho 
NOT VOTING—19 
Bridenstine Cummings Engel Gabbard Garrett Gosar Johnson, Sam LaMalfa Larsen (WA) Lieu, Ted Long Napolitano Pelosi Renacci Richmond Scalise Speier Tiberi Wasserman Schultz 
b1042 Messrs. BURGESS, WITTMAN, POSEY, and PERRY changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. WOODALL, REED, ROKITA, and LAMBORN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2842) to provide for the conduct of demonstration projects to test the effectiveness of subsidized em-ployment for TANF recipients, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to reiterate the announcement of Feb-ruary 25, 2015, concerning floor prac-tice. Members should periodically rededi-cate themselves to the core principles of proper parliamentary practice that are so essential in maintaining order and deliberacy here in the House. The Chair wishes to emphasize these points: Members should refrain from traf-ficking in the well when another, in-cluding the presiding officer, is ad-dressing the House. Members should wear appropriate business attire during all sittings of the House, however brief their appear-ance on the floor may be. Members must refrain from engaging in still photography or audio or video recording or streaming in the Chamber. Members violating this rule may be subject to fine. Members should address their re-marks in debate to the presiding offi-cer and not to others in the second per-son or to some perceived viewing audi-ence. The Chair wishes to stress efforts to reduce voting times. As a reminder, Members should at-tempt to come to the floor within the 15-minute period as prescribed by the first ringing of the bells. As a point of courtesy to each of your colleagues, voting within the allotted time would help with the maintenance of this in-stitution. Members are further re-minded that the policy is to not termi-nate the vote when a Member is in the well attempting to cast a vote but that other efforts to hold the vote open are not similarly protected. Following these basic standards of practice will foster an atmosphere of mutual and institutional respect. It will ensure against personal confronta-tion among individual Members or be-tween Members and the presiding offi-cer. It will facilitate Members’ com-prehension of, and participation in, the business of the House. In sum, it will ensure the comity that elevates spir-ited deliberations above mere argu-ment. The Chair appreciates the attention of the Members to these matters. f 
ACCELERATING INDIVIDUALS INTO THE WORKFORCE ACT The SPEAKER. Pursuant to House Resolution 396 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2842. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) kindly resume the chair. b1048 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2842) to provide for the conduct of dem-onstration projects to test the effec-tiveness of subsidized employment for TANF recipients, with Mr. M
ITCHELL  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 4 printed in the House Report 115–187 offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.013 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5124 June 23, 2017 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 264, noes 147, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 321] AYES—264 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Sarbanes Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—147 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bishop (UT) Bridenstine Cummings Engel Gabbard Garrett Gosar Johnson, Sam LaMalfa Larsen (WA) Lieu, Ted Long Napolitano Neal Pelosi Renacci Scalise Speier Tiberi Wasserman Schultz 
b1053 Mr. NORCROSS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2842) to pro-vide for the conduct of demonstration projects to test the effectiveness of subsidized employment for TANF re-cipients, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 396, reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 377, nays 34, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 322] YEAS—377 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.029 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5125 June 23, 2017 
Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—34 
Amash Babin Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Clarke (NY) Crowley Doggett Engel Espaillat Gallego Gohmert Higgins (NY) Jeffries Jones Labrador Lowey Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Meeks Meng Nadler Perry Rice (NY) Sanford Serrano Slaughter Suozzi Titus Tonko Vela´zquez Yoho NOT VOTING—20 
Bridenstine Cummings Gabbard Garrett Gosar Granger Johnson, Sam LaMalfa Larsen (WA) Lieu, Ted Long Napolitano Neal Olson Pelosi Renacci Scalise Speier Tiberi Wasserman Schultz 
b1101 Mr. BABIN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 322 (passage of H.R. 2842), I did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on this vote. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 320, No. 321, and No. 322 due to my spouse’s health situa-tion in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Krishnamoorthi Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Davidson Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Final Passage of H.R. 2842—Accelerating Individuals into the Work-force Act. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JUNE 23, 2017, TO MONDAY, JUNE 26, 2017 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, June 26, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
NORTH KOREA MUST BE HELD AC-COUNTABLE FOR ITS AGGRES-SIONS (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, it has been a generation or two since the hor-rors of communism were routinely on the news and mentioned in our schools: people killed running for freedom from East to West Berlin, the Soviet Union’s gulag archipelago designed to crush dissent and the human spirit, and Mao’s brutal rule in Red China that killed millions. This week, a new generation of Americans witnessed the barbarity of the evil of communism. I extend my condolences to the family and friends of Otto Warmbier, whose funeral was held yesterday. Kim Jung Un and his North Korean thugs may believe Otto’s torture and death somehow empowers them. They are wrong. President Reagan foretold that communism will end up on the ash heap of history, and that is where Kim is headed. But Otto has a different legacy. One of Otto’s friends told me his spirit could not be crushed and, unlike the communist thugs of North Korea, Otto’s spirit will live on, especially in those who loved him. Mr. Speaker, North Korea must be held accountable for Otto’s death and other transgressions. Last month, the House passed the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act. The Senate should pass this legislation and get it to the President quickly so we can begin to put maximum pressure on this outlaw regime. f 
RECOGNIZING 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF FERMI NATIONAL ACCEL-ERATOR LABORATORY (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fermi National Ac-celerator Laboratory, which celebrated its 50th anniversary last week. Built on the prairies of Illinois, under the leadership of its first director, Rob-ert Wilson, this national lab performs cutting-edge research in physics to help us understand the fundamental properties of matter. It is also where I spent most of my career as a high en-ergy particle physicist before I ran for Congress. The discoveries made in Fermilab’s first 50 years will remain in the science textbooks forever. Experiments at Fermilab discovered three of the funda-mental components of matter: the bot-tom quark, the neutrino tau, and the top quark, the heaviest known form of matter. Unfortunately, the Republican budg-et proposal of the Trump administra-tion threatens the legacy of Fermilab and national labs and scientific facili-ties throughout the country. Mr. Speaker, scientific research is not like highway building that can turn on and off in any given fiscal year. Scientific teams and facilities that take generations to build can be wiped out in a single budget cycle by having their funding cut. So, Mr. Speaker, I call upon you and your colleagues to show us a budget that will maintain our country’s lead-ership in science and technology, be-cause destroying our scientific facili-ties is no way to make America great again. 
f 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU-CATION COVERS MANY INDUS-TRIES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday this House unanimously approved the Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, to give Amer-icans who enter the workforce the skills they need to succeed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.015 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5126 June 23, 2017 
I was proud to sponsor that bill with Congressman R
AJAKRISHNAMOORTHI . It will help all Americans across all sec-tors and industries because all edu-cation is career education. As chairman of the Nutrition Sub-committee of the Committee on Agri-culture, I want to talk about food serv-ice careers. Earlier this spring, I had the oppor-tunity to visit the DC Central Kitchen right here in our Nation’s Capital. DC Central Kitchen feeds the most vulner-able among us, but it fights hunger dif-ferently: it offers skills-based edu-cation, empowerment, and career op-portunities that allow people to finally be free from hunger and poverty. The CEO there said, ‘‘You can’t feed your way out of poverty,’’ and I whole-heartedly agree. DC Central Kitchen feeds the hungry, but also teaches peo-ple the skills needed to find employ-ment in the hospitality industry. That is a CTE program: helping people find jobs that pay living wages and obtain lasting careers. Now, that is something we can all get behind. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE REVEREND NATHANIEL DIXON (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Honorable Rev-erend Nathaniel Dixon. On Sunday, Reverend Dixon will be giving his last sermon at St. Stephen’s United Meth-odist Church. While this Sunday may be his last sermon, I have no doubt that the lives he has touched, parishioners, col-leagues, neighbors, all of us, will con-tinue to uphold the lessons he taught us and will remember the action he has taken over a long and hard-fought ca-reer. Reverend Dixon is a true renaissance man whose life has always been com-mitted to New York City. For 27 years, he was a music teacher and, later, an administrator, and also an executive director of the Saxrack Learning Cen-ter. Old Satchmo, the great Louie Arm-strong, once said: ‘‘Musicians don’t re-tire; they just stop when there’s no more music in them.’’ Reverend Dixon never stopped teach-ing music, and he has inculcated this love and passion into the lives of stu-dents and parishioners. ‘‘Music helps,’’ he said, ‘‘because there is awe in them.’’ Thank you, Reverend Dixon, for your commitment and willingness to be-come a leader and a role model for many years to come in New York’s 13th Congressional District. We love you and wish you the very best. 
f 
HONORING ROCKY CARROLL, TEXAS BOOTMAKER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in Texas, whether you are two-stepping, herding cattle, or sitting in the sum-mer heat enjoying some barbecue, you will rarely find Texans without their boots. And, Mr. Speaker, the finest boots in Texas were made by Houston legend, Rocky Carroll. This week, after a long and colorful life, Rocky died. The moment I met Rocky, I was im-mediately struck by his swagger. He looked like an outlaw out of an old western movie. He was proud of the fact that he worked 25 years with the Harris County Sheriff’s Department. Through the course of his life, Rocky also handcrafted boots for seven Presi-dents, celebrities, the Queen, the Pope, and many others. I once performed a small wedding ceremony for Rocky and his new bride, Judge Denise Collins. And right before the wedding started, in walked Rocky’s friend, President George H.W. Bush. Rocky knew everybody. And while the walls of his shop, which really looked like an old barn, were adorned with photos of famous people, most of his customers were reg-ular folks like me. Rocky Carroll was larger than life and uniquely Texan to the core. We will miss our dear friend, bootmaker for the Presidents, bootmaker for the stars, and bootmaker for regular folks. And that is just the way it is. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND SAC-RIFICE OF JEFFERY M. SANDERS (Mr. CLEAVER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, some-times this well feels like the well of sorrow, and such is the case today. I rise to honor a true and selfless public servant whose life was tragically taken before his time. Mr. Jeffery Sanders, a lifelong resident of Mayview, Missouri, and a firefighter, was killed in the line of duty on Mon-day, June 19, 2017. I have decided that I will be praying through the weekend and next week for his family. Mr. Jacob Hayward was a man who gave a great deal to his community. He was seriously injured also in the same heartbreaking accident. Jeff was well known in the close-knit community of 200 residents, having been a farmer in Mayview all of his life. He and his wife, Connie, raised two wonderful children, who continue to live in Lafayette County in Missouri’s Fifth Congressional District. Mr. Sanders dedicated much of his time to Mayview and its Fire Protec-tion District. He could always be counted on to make a fire call and help someone in need. In all of his activities, Mr. Sanders demonstrated dedication and commit-ment to the greater good of others. He was actively involved in the Mayview Lions Club, the Mayview Area 4–H Club, the Antique Tractor Club, and the Odessa FFA Advisory Board, along with his work as a volunteer firefighter with the Mayview Fire Protection Dis-trict. He also spent time serving on the Mayview Special Road District. Mr. Speaker, this family has given a great deal, and we owe a great deal to them. f 
CONGRATULATING THE DONEGAL WOMEN’S SOFTBALL TEAM (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Donegal women’s softball team on their PIAA State softball title. They beat Cedar Cliff 9–7, but it wasn’t an easy victory. Donegal trailed 7–3 heading into the bottom of the fifth inning, but never gave up. They scored six runs that in-ning to take a 9–7 lead, and they never gave that up the rest of the game. This team has been to the State tour-nament the last 4 years, but, obviously, this one was special. Donegal head coach Wayne Emenheiser said of the season: ‘‘This was our dream since we lost last year in the semifinals. We wanted to get back here. It was a mag-ical season.’’ A victory like this is a display of years of dedication and hard work. So today I want to congratulate the Don-egal players, coaches, and staff on this remarkable achievement and let them know how proud we are of them. I would also like to recognize the families, students, faculty, and fans that supported them along the way. 
f 
b1115 SENATE REPUBLICANS SHUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OUT OF AF-FORDABLE HEALTHCARE (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the re-cently unveiled Senate healthcare re-peal legislation. The Republicans have shut the American public out of their debate and, with this bill, they aim to shut them out of affordable healthcare, too. This bill sets us on a dangerous path backwards, back to a time when cancer patients could be kept out of coverage or kicked off of their insurance because the cost of their care was too high, and to a time where pregnancy could be considered a preexisting condition. Congress must work collaboratively to bring down insurance premium costs and work together toward insuring every American, but denying millions of people access to insurance by repeal-ing protections for individuals with preexisting conditions, gutting Med-icaid, and threatening the solvency of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.034 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5127 June 23, 2017 
the Medicare trust fund all in order to give the wealthiest Americans a tax cut is wrong. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to reject this misguided proposal. 
f 
UNSEAL RECORDS INTO AGENT BRIAN TERRY’S DEATH (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, in Decem-ber 2010, U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was killed with a gun that was traced back to the Department of Justice’s Operation Fast and Furious. His family awaits answers. Agent Terry’s family recently testi-fied before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee that the Obama administration continually denied all efforts to release any addi-tional information about his death. They are now calling on President Trump to finally unseal the records and expose the dirty secrets behind this tragic scandal. It is shameful that the Trump admin-istration has been repeatedly accused of collusion and coverups based on unsourced rumors, while little atten-tion was given to the Obama adminis-tration’s blatant efforts to cover up the truth into Agent Terry’s murder. Under Operation Fast and Furious, roughly 2,000 firearms were purposely sold to criminals, which were later smuggled into Mexico, and have been linked to multiple homicides. The Obama administration stonewalled Congress, investigators, and Americans for years and, to this day, refuse to take responsibility for their mistake. It is time for the truth. We have an opportunity to return transparency and trust to our government, and I fully support the Terry family’s re-quest for the records to be unsealed. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS IN CHECHNYA (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, during this Pride Month, I rise today to speak out about the human rights violations occurring in the Russian republic of Chechnya. It has been reported that in that country, men are kidnapped, detained, tortured, and even murdered just be-cause of their sexual orientation. Fam-ilies have been shamed by these kidnappings and have resorted to tak-ing their own sons’ lives. In April, I, along with 48 other Mem-bers of Congress, signed and sent a let-ter to Secretary of State Tillerson ask-ing him to raise the issue of this hor-rible violence against innocent men with the Russian officials, but to date, neither Secretary Tillerson or Presi-dent Trump or anybody else in the ad-ministration have committed to taking action on this issue. The United States must speak out about this atrocity, and Russia must investigate such human rights viola-tions so that there is accountability for an end to these senseless crimes. During this Pride Month, we here in the United States celebrate our equal-ity. However, every month we must say and act for the men in Chechnya as we fight for equality across the globe. f 
THE CITIZENS OF PUERTO RICO HAVE EXPRESSED THEIR WILL TO JOIN OUR NATION (Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, the American citi-zens of Puerto Rico overwhelmingly voted in favor of becoming the 51st State of our great Nation. This is the second time in the past 5 years where my constituents have expressed their will to join our Nation. Soon I will introduce legislation to set forth the terms of admission for the new State of Puerto Rico. Our people have, in war and peace, made countless contributions to our Nation. They have fought in every con-flict since the Great War. Many have made the ultimate sacrifice, and when they do, their casket is flown back to this country draped in an American flag bearing the 50 stars, but no star that represents them. It takes a special kind of patriotism to fight for a nation that does not treat you equally, a nation that is a cham-pion of democracy and self-determina-tion, yet denies those same principles to 3.4 million of its own citizens in Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, my constituents have spoken, and they deserve Congress’ re-sponse. 
f 
IMMIGRATION HERITAGE MONTH (Mr. REICHERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, during Immigration Heritage Month, I want to recognize the great spirit and desire for a better life that lives within our Na-tion’s immigrants today and those be-fore them. America’s immigrants have started companies big and small, contributed to their local communities, and have been our friends, family, and neighbors. But our immigration system is broken. It is failing the many children who are brought to the United States outside of their own control. That is why I have sponsored and co-sponsored the BRIDGE Act and the Recognizing America’s Children Act to protect these children who only want to live the American Dream. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that we have to work together, we must work to-gether to pass a long-term immigration reform bill that secures our borders, yes, but just as importantly, protects our children, protects the families and the workers who want nothing more than to be a part of this great country and live the American Dream. f 
CANCEL THE AUGUST RECESS (Mr. GALLAGHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I stood before you in this very spot not long ago urging this Congress to do the work of the American people that the American people sent us here to do. Yet, 2 months later, not much has changed. Distrust in government is still at an all-time high, and it is not hard to see why. Our Federal debt con-tinues to approach $20 trillion. Our Tax Code remains broken and burdensome. Threats continue to rise abroad. And here at home, by the way, our veterans are still not getting the care they de-serve despite the progress that we have made this week on that issue. From my perspective, this is unacceptable. Despite the fact that Congress, by any metric we devise, is not doing the basic job the American people sent us here to do, in 7 weeks, we are going to adjourn on a month-long vacation without reforming the Tax Code or get-ting our appropriations done. And just 30 days after returning from the Au-gust recess, if we don’t make some hard choices, the government may shut down, cutting our constituents from access to the programs they depend on for their livelihoods. My message is simple: let’s work through the August recess because in what other job would you grant your-self a month off if you hadn’t gotten your work done? I know we need to get back home to meet with our constituents, but more than anything else, I believe our con-stituents sent us here to do our job, to work together to fix problems, rather than punt them to the next generation. So, please, let’s stay here and let’s do the work for the American people. 
f 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. Not only is this bill critical to giving American workers the skills they need to lead in an increasingly competitive world, but also to making sure that our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.038 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5128 June 23, 2017 
career and technical education is in stride with the major advancements that have been made over the last dec-ade. As I travel across northeast Wis-consin, businessowners routinely tell me they are hiring, but can’t find workers with the knowledge and skills necessary to do the jobs they are hiring for. Passage of this bill helps close the skills gap and boost economic growth by equipping students with the skills they need to fill the in-demand and high-skilled jobs in our local econo-mies. Schools in Wisconsin’s Eighth Dis-trict are prepared to lead the way when it comes to closing our country’s grow-ing skills gap, and it is time that we give them the tools that they des-perately need to do exactly that. I am proud to cosponsor this impor-tant piece of bipartisan legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-port of this bill. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, Sol-omon, who was often noted as the wisest man in the world, said: ‘‘A soft answer turns away wrath, but grievous words stir up anger.’’ If you were to ask the average Amer-ican citizen would they like their elected officials to come to Washington and to work together, they would all say: Of course. They should. That is what we elect them for. Yet, often in our history, we see emo-tions override the mouth and we raise our voices, distrust builds, isolation re-sults, we don’t get to know each other, we don’t get to work with one another. As we isolate, then a distrust builds, and with distrust, then we don’t want to hear what either side has to say. Ul-timately, when we can no longer ex-change ideas with a deliberateness, then we fall short. Solomon also said in Ecclesiastes: ‘‘Two are better than one, for they have a good reward for their labor, for if the one fall, the other will lift up,’’ and ‘‘A three-fold cord is not quickly broken.’’ As we look at our mottoes and our institutions, we have a phrase: ‘‘Out of many, one.’’ That phrase is not: Out of one idea, let’s create many. It is just the opposite. One thing that I learned in my time as a soldier in negotiating and dealing with people groups that literally could not agree, to the point that they were shelling and killing each other and each other’s women and children in their villages as they burned, that even in situations like that, they could find some overlapping circles and some common ground in between. The events of the past week are a re-minder not just to Members of Con-gress, who oftentimes we do know each other, we do work with one another, we do serve on committees with one an-other. We take great pride in devel-oping those relationships despite our differences, but we have an obligation, because, as a constitutional represent-ative republic, we are a reflection of the people that send us here. It is important that the lawmakers that the American people send to Washington to do that work be those that are willing to accommodate, that are willing to assimilate the things that we agree on, because if we can’t accommodate and we can’t assimi-late—as I have viewed in war-torn bat-tlefields in several different places through a career as an infantry soldier, if you can no longer accommodate or be willing to assimilate certain agreed ideas, then you are left with the third choice, which is elimination. The United States has never had that as its pretext. We got close once in a period from about 1820 to 1860. We have faced tough times before and come to-gether. I would hope, Mr. Speaker, that not just our body, as we take and deem these responsibilities with a lot of con-viction, but that the American people would take their responsibility to be mindful of the words of Solomon: ‘‘A soft answer turns away wrath, but grievous words stir up anger.’’ Our country is bigger than any of us. When we leave it, God willing, it will continue on. And the words that are said in this Chamber, although re-corded, few read. As time passes and as we govern our lives and go about our business, we have to remember the very principles that brought us to-gether as a nation and that I nearly gave my life for in defense. So my hope is, as we move in the coming days and weeks, that we will work on the things where the circles overlap and we will not negotiate the nonnegotiables. If we just focus on those things, we will have more than enough work to do to actually get stuff done. b1130 As a message to the American people: accommodate, listen, dialogue, be kind, and be patient. I have seen the worst thing that human beings can do to one another in my lifetime. I have watched friends die on a battlefield. I have had to take human life. I have seen horrible and horrific things that no human being should ever do. But we are not in that place. We live in free-dom. We live in great enjoyment of prosperity where our ideas, our work— the sweat of our brow—can go, and we can put it to good use with great lib-erty. We have to tone it down. We have to be willing to put others before ourselves and to listen. I pledge to do that as a Member, one of 435 here. I hope the American people will pledge to be as committed to the United States as we all must be if we are to se-cure the future for our children and grandchildren. One of the things that we often all agree on is efficiency in government— to turn the tone and the topic of the conversation a little bit in a different direction. Efficiency in government— nothing makes us more sad and dis-appointed than to see hard-earned tax dollars wasted by inefficiency. In my home State of Oklahoma, for every million dollars the government wastes, we have to have 96 Oklahomans work all year long to pay all of their taxes so that we can waste it. I have often highlighted these wasteful meas-ures in a series called ‘‘Waste Watch.’’ We just released ‘‘Waste Watch’’ num-ber 7 where we, sadly, highlight over $50 billion worth of waste in just one item and a total of $70 billion worth of waste on a single topic. That is some-thing that we all care about and that we all want to pay with our taxes. That is education. For years, Americans have been pay-ing more and getting less from our edu-cational system. Over the past decade, national high school student pro-ficiency test scores in math have con-sistently met the minimum or were below. Reading scores for high school students, over the past 20 years, have been consistently substandard with a continued downward trend. As test scores remain low, available funding for education is often wasted. The solution is not simply to spend more on education without correcting the habits where the waste can occur. We need to spend our dollars wisely by eliminating educational waste, as well as many other forms of waste in gov-ernment, and push those dollars where they actually count—to our teachers and to our classrooms. Additionally, we have to change the perception that more money spent al-ways equals a better outcome. If that were the case, we would be the most ef-ficient government on the planet. It is my hope to create motivation to protect taxpayers and assist in edu-cating America’s children with the re-sources available. It is not enough to point out the problems. That is easy. Anyone can be a cynic and a critic. But we must work together to fix them so that we can make our Nation stronger. Education is vital to our children and to our future. What are some of these things that we are talking about? Well, how about this one: researchers at the esteemed Harvard University spent $3 million to study if people were able to smell an unpleasant odor in their urine after eating asparagus, also known as aspar-agus pee, according to the research. The research was funded through a re-search grant from the National Insti-tutes of Health with your tax dollars. The NIH uses Federal tax dollars to fund its research and received $30 bil-lion in 2016. The NIH’s mission state-ment is ‘‘to enhance health, extend healthy lives, and reduce the burdens of illness and disability.’’ We would all agree with that. It is good to try to fix problems with dis-ease, fight the common cold, cure can-cer, and cure Alzheimer’s, all of those things. However, the NIH has conducted life-saving research in the past and has been given broad authority in deciding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.040 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5129 June 23, 2017 
how to spend that $30 billion, and now we see waste. The NIH funds research grants to universities, and much of the NIH’s funding is well justified and leads to lifesaving research. Funding a study that doesn’t even explore the possible health benefits of eating asparagus but only if there is an odor after eating it does not fit into any mission of the NIH. It is akin to the taxpayers’ money being flushed down the toilet. This particular study was the result of a grant provided by the NIH to Har-vard’s T.H. Chan School of Public Health. Its purpose was to discover whether people could smell an aspar-agus effect. The researchers at Harvard received more than $3 million in 2016, to survey 6,909 people of European- American descent to find if these peo-ple’s urine smelled funny after eating asparagus, and the results were pub-lished in the British Medical Journal. The results concluded that a ‘‘large proportion of individuals of European- American descent cannot smell’’ any effect. Sixty percent of the people sur-veyed, 58 percent of men and 62 percent of women, stated that they could not smell any urinary metabolites pro-duced after asparagus consumption. However, Angus Chen, a reporter for the National Public Radio, stated in his report on this study that 4,161 peo-ple ‘‘were confused by the question.’’ Do you think? We didn’t need to waste $3 million or have 260 Oklahomans work all year long to see if there was some effect in this madness. Mr. Speaker, do you want to waste $2 billion? Then give it to the Veterans Administration. In 2008, Congress passed the post-9/11 GI Bill updating the GI Bill from 1944, creating new ben-efits for servicemembers like myself, such as lengthening the expiration date following separation from the Armed Forces or retirement and offering liv-ing expenses as well as tuition. An-other change made the benefits paid di-rectly to the school of choice for the veteran—and here is where it began to go awry. Initially, benefits from the GI Bill were paid directly to the servicemem-ber for them to decide how and where to invest in their own education. This makes sense. They were responsible enough to defend our Republic; they can probably handle the funds—as they had for decades before. This change now comes with a litany of problems. An audit conducted from 2013 to 2014, by the Office of Inspector General, for the U.S. Department of Veterans Af-fairs found that a 13 percent error rate in payments by the Veterans Benefits Administration to the schools of choice for servicemembers had occurred. To conduct this audit, the OIG looked into 650 payments for 225 stu-dents to 50 schools. They found $128,000 in improper payments; and eight stu-dents who withdrew from their classes still received $2,400 in stipends, and this money was never recovered for the taxpayer. Extrapolating these numbers to the full class of students, the Office of Inspector General estimated that, over 5 years, the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration would process about $205 million in improper payments—and you see it continue to go on and waste $2.2 billion. We can do better. We must do better. We must do better by our veterans. We must do better so that we do not allow people’s insatiable appetite for non-existent government funds to continue to be consumed. We are a nation that is $20 trillion in debt. How many of you, if you came and I asked you: Hey, could I have $100? And you said: sure. And I said: okay, but great, it is going to cost you $105 because I am going to charge you $5 to take your hundred. Wouldn’t that be pretty much absurd and in your face? Yet that is exactly what we do with a very popular pro-gram called the Pell Grant Program. The Pell grant was created in the 1970s and has since become the basic mecha-nism for the Federal Government to as-sist lower income families with higher education costs. The legislation man-dates that students receiving the funds must be admitted and enrolled in an in-stitution of higher learning. Fine. While the Pell grant provides great opportunity for students who might not otherwise be able to attend col-lege—something that we all think is good—the waste comes from a stipula-tion within the law that requires the Federal Government to pay a fee to give away their money. The $5 pay-ment goes directly to participating schools and is intended to help offset the cost of the Pell grant. So we let in-stitutions of higher learning charge a fee to accept your money, the tax-payers. While it is true that there are admin-istrative costs involved with servicing Pell grants, schools should accept these costs as a part of doing business as they would if no Pell grant were pro-vided and it was just your hard-earned money. If you were supporting one of your children in college, those fees would be incorporated within that same $1,000. For the 2015 and 2016 year, the max-imum Pell grant available to an under-graduate student was roughly $5,775. Based on the latest reports from the U.S. Department of Education for the same year or the year prior, the Na-tion’s taxpayers provided $30 billion to 8 million students. The average Pell grant received by students was roughly $3,800. That all sounds good. While $5 does not seem significant, when you put that $5 towards 8 million students, you can see where the problem is. It is an unnecessary and arbitrary fee that should be disallowed, and we need to restore it so that colleges and insti-tutions do not scoop something off of the top. But people say: well, we have our administrative costs. We have overhead. We have our infrastructure. We have all of these things that we have to do. Yes, and that is why we have allowed, for decades, the tax-exempt endow-ments so that as the endowments ac-crue wealth and they grow, they use those resources to sustain the infra-structure on the university. We are $20 trillion in debt. It would be great if we could not pay our bills to go to our next-door neighbor and say: Hey, I am a little short on my electric bill, can you help me? Or: I need help on my house payment this month. Let me just get it from you. Our neighbors would not take kindly to that. Yet we are allowing these in-stitutions that have the endowed wealth and that have all of the ability to do the infrastructure. Yet what hap-pens? They continue to waste money with administrative fees that only have increased by 300 percent since 1976. Here is another one for you: How many of you would donate to a charity that had a 52 percent administrative overhead? No takers? I didn’t think so. Yet that is exactly what you do when you have the National Science Founda-tion put forth research grants that were designed to help people in their health and fighting disease and many other things. The average fee that uni-versities and institutions charge back to the Federal Government for these research grants is 52 percent. That bor-ders on the immoral. A practice in higher education grant making that is not widely known or understood by the American public is this practice of charging indirect cost as a part of a grant. So, for example, $1 million that is coming to a university for research—we are all excited about that, it helps our communities—did you know that that university, in turn, will scoop, on average, 52 percent off of the top? The typical grant has direct costs, and we all understand that. As they put forth their budget, they will list it with such things as researchers’ sala-ries—fine—travel associated with re-search—understood. But beyond that, universities are able to claim, under our insane laws, that additional funds in the form of indirect costs are needed for infrastructure of the institution, and it is our responsibility, as tax-payers, to support that. Never mind that tax-free endowments were de-signed specifically for that purpose and already exist that they could use. But they never touch that wealth. They never touch that accrued wealth. They never touch that accrued interest. The Office of Management and Budg-et defines indirect costs as expenses an organization incurs indirectly—and they get to define what that is. What does it translate to? Well, rather than pick on Harvard, let’s pick on the Big 12, a region I come from. We will start with the University of Oklahoma. b1145 Charging the government for indirect costs is expensive and, unfortunately, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.041 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5130 June 23, 2017 
common practice among institutions of higher learning. Here are the indirect costs for the schools in the Big 12. I am sure they are not the only ones. This is a nation-wide epidemic, to the tune of $55 bil-lion. That is billion with a B. Even in Washington, D.C., that is real money. The University of Oklahoma adds a 55 percent surcharge to its research on campus; Oklahoma State University adds 45 percent, and a 54 percent sur-charge for instruction grant projects. The University of Texas, 56 percent. We have a winner. Texas Tech, 49 percent; Texas Chris-tian, 54 percent; Baylor, 38 percent. They are a little more economical, but it is still nearly 40 percent of waste. The University of Kansas charges a surcharge of 51.5 percent; Kansas State, 52 percent; West Virginia, 50 percent; Iowa State, 52 percent, meeting the median average. Higher education officials rarely talk about it. When confronted with it, they will, with straight faces and degrees of education, argue that this waste is ab-solutely essential for them to continue. A recent George Washington Univer-sity student newspaper article revealed a higher education official’s thoughts about indirect costs when he overtly referred to them as—you have got it— subsidies. He let it slip. Maybe Freud-ian, we don’t know. The George Washington Hatchet quoted Leo Chalupa, vice president for research, that ‘‘research is bringing in money to the university.’’ You think? It is $55 billion worth. However, Chalupa is not just refer-ring to the direct dollars used to con-duct research. We would all agree with needed research, but what we don’t agree with is this indirect—more than half—plundering of what the dollars were designed and intended to do. Let’s switch to something that we should do to try to incentivize people to improve their educational experi-ence. Sound confusing? It is—to the tune of $7 billion was wasted. Few Americans will argue that the Nation’s schools do not need improve-ment. We would all say that they do. When one looks at test scores or com-pares American outcomes with other nations, it is easy to see that many of our K–12 schools are languishing. One recent report evaluated testing outcomes against other industrialized nations, and America’s students fin-ished 17th out of 34—not something to be proud of. This led President Obama to direct more money at the issue, like so many previous Presidents before him, rather than looking at the under-lying systemic concerns. It is not the amount of money; it is the habit that is being created. While increasing funding can be a component of a solution, it is often not the most vital of the components. Without prop-er policy driving the expenditures, the money spent can become one more ex-ample of how inefficient Federal inter-vention in anything can be. President Obama’s Department of Education directed $7 billion to a pro-gram known as the School Improve-ment Grants program, to which the De-partment of Energy named the 21st Century Community Learning Centers. The funds were directed to States with instructions that the funds should be directed to the poorest performing schools. It sounds agreeable. The measures used to identify the underperforming schools were gradua-tion rates and readiness scores in read-ing and mathematics. Then-Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said, in 2009: ‘‘We could really move the needle, lift the bottom, and change the lives of tens of millions of underserved chil-dren’’—something that all of us would agree on. The School Improvement Grant pro-gram built on the race to the top ef-forts undertaken during the Bush ad-ministration, and the Obama adminis-tration efforts doubled the funds for the program. The Department of Education de-scribed the purpose of the 21st Century Community Learning Centers in the following way: ‘‘This program supports the creation of community learning centers that provide academic enrich-ment opportunities during non-school hours for children, particularly stu-dents who attend high-poverty and low-performing schools.’’ Again, all of these sound laudable. However, according to a report released by the Department of Energy just a few days before the end of President Obama’s administration, test scores, graduation rates, and college enroll-ment were no different in schools that had received these funds from School Improvement Grants as those that did not—$7 billion gone. A Washington Post article detailing the report quoted Andy Smarick, a fel-low at the American Enterprise Insti-tute: ‘‘Think of what all that money could have been spent on instead.’’ Mr. Smarick is correct: $7 billion in tax-payer funds were spent without any oversight or careful oversight whatso-ever. Congress must reexamine the role of the Federal Government in education because what is being done now does not work—billions upon billions of dol-lars. How about if we can’t solve it through $7 billion wasted in trying to make people feel good about education and then that will improve their schools, how about we get them mov-ing so we can fight obesity and cut down on diabetes, disease, and other things. That sounds good. Let’s talk about that. In 2010, with the assistance of First Lady Michelle Obama, the Let’s Move! project began, with the hope of reduc-ing childhood obesity in America. This is a real problem in Oklahoma. We have one of the largest obesity rates of all the States. The program, costing as much as $1 billion per year, focused heavily on im-pressing upon children the need for proper exercise as well as bringing healthier food options into schools. At first glance, it appears that the Let’s Move! program produced results. In 2008, U.S. childhood obesity rates nationally were around 16.2 percent. During the next 3 years, 18 States saw those rates begin a modest decline, falling in some States by 5 percent. This reduction could be attributed to the effectiveness of the program or a cultural change in how people view health choices and how they view their eating habits. But it should be noted, regardless, that this decline was al-ready begun by the time the Let’s Move! program was even enacted. Over-all, and sadly, in the latest statistics, U.S. childhood obesity rates did not de-cline and, in fact, have risen to 17.2 percent in the last statistical year. There are many, many things that we can continue to go on and talk about in waste. Let’s end with this one. Want people to eat healthy, some-thing that sounds good? How many of you would be influenced by people dressing up like Fruit of the Loom, in outfits like green beans, grapes, toma-toes, and going to college campuses and then just seeing the sight of these people wearing these costumes say: You know, I think I need to eat some grapes or vegetables? That is what this program did. It wasted $14.7 million of your money. It is called the Get Fruved project. I am not making it up. Not only did this program waste $14.7 million; it is still being funded by your tax dollars. The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded $4.9 million a year for this initiative, led by students and researchers at four American univer-sities, which are the University of Ten-nessee, South Dakota, West Virginia, and the University of Florida. The Fruved website reports that its goal is: 
Our students are the best teachers. This is why Fruved has sophomores and juniors at each school peer-monitoring first-year stu-dents, helping them live a healthier life dur-ing their first year of college. 
That includes dressing up in these outfits. That is $14.7 million. There are things that the Federal Government has a responsibility for and there are things that it does not. Abraham Lincoln said it best in a para-phrase where he said: The things that we can do ourselves, the government ought not to interfere. The things that we cannot do collectively, the govern-ment might have a role. We know the government may have a role in education, certainly, with edu-cation funding and helping our facili-ties and our institutions. However, we do not need to waste $70 billion. Imag-ine what that could do. We will never change this idea if the American people do not demand of us to stop such madness and waste. When people come with straight faces and Ph.D.s and argue for dressing up in out-fits, we have to push back on that and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.043 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5131 June 23, 2017 
say: $20 trillion in debt, a weakened military, roads and bridges that are falling down and an infrastructure that needs improvement, modernization in our skies for the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration. There are so many areas that the government truly does have a function and role. We will never get to it with asparagus urine studies and dressing up as fruits and vegetables. Mr. Speaker, my hope is that all of us as Americans can find those overlap-ping circles and fight this absolute ab-surdity of waste in government, be re-sponsible with American tax dollars, and sustain our great Republic for the future of our children. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PAKISTAN IS PLAYING THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 30 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when our forces invaded Afghanistan in 2001, the goal was simple: remove the ter-rorist group, the Taliban government that sheltered the plotters of the 9/11 attacks on America, and destroy al- Qaida, a terrorist group. This was a NATO operation. A little history is in order. The United States was attacked. The member nations of NATO agreed that this was an attack on one nation, and NATO agreed to retaliate to the ter-rorist attack under article 5 of the NATO agreement. Article 5 has been talked about recently in the press. So these 28 nations, NATO, went into Afghanistan, a haven for terrorists who sought to attack and kill Americans. That was 16 years ago. This is the long-est war in American history, and yet it is still going on. Let’s examine how all of this is tak-ing place and center on one nation, Pakistan, and their role in all of this. The Taliban, since that attack, has waged an insurgency in Afghanistan, a neighbor to Pakistan, and destabilized the country, creating a perfect condi-tion for terrorists to exploit in Afghan-istan and spread that terrorist activity to other parts of the world. The Taliban and al-Qaida have launched many of their attacks in Af-ghanistan from their neighbor, Paki-stan. Recently, a Taliban sneak attack killed more than 160 Afghan soldiers, prompting the defense minister and the army chief of staff to resign. The Taliban, a terrorist group, doesn’t just stage attacks. They seize territory. The Special Inspector Gen-eral for Afghan Reconstruction said, in January, that 172 Afghan districts are controlled, influenced, and contested by the Taliban. Al-Qaida has a long history and loy-alty to the Taliban—two terrorist groups working together. Osama bin Laden swore his allegiance to the Taliban’s leader, Mullah Omar, even before the 9/11 attack on the United States. When bin Laden was killed in Paki-stan, Ayman al-Zawahiri renewed that oath and cemented ties between al- Qaida and the Taliban. Wherever the Taliban is, you will see that al-Qaida is not far behind. Since 2010, the United States incor-rectly claimed that al-Qaida had just a little, small presence in the country, limited to only 50 or 100 fighters. Well, we know now that is absolutely incor-rect. Then, in 2015, the shocking U.S. raid in Afghanistan uncovered a massive al- Qaida training camp for terrorists, rounding up over 150 al-Qaida terrorist activity individuals. This was more fighters in one raid than the U.S. claimed existed in the entire country. By the end of last year, U.S. officials announced that 250 al-Qaida terrorists were killed or captured in 2016. The point here is that United States intelligence has been wrong about the activity of terrorists in Pakistan and in Afghanistan, but we are getting it right now. Along with al-Qaida in Afghanistan, we have another terrorist group—I should have brought a chart to list all of these—the Haqqani Network. Who are these folks? It is another terrorist group linked to al-Qaida and the Taliban. The Haqqani Network is responsible for more American deaths in the region than any of the other terrorist groups that I have already mentioned. b1200 The Haqqani Network attacks inside Afghanistan, and they have been di-rectly traced back to Pakistan. All roads to terror lead to Pakistan. In fact, in 2011, Admiral Mike Mullen, Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified to the Senate, ‘‘the Haqqani Network acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intel-ligence agency.’’ What is that? That is the military arm of the Pakistan Gov-ernment working with terrorist groups throughout the world. The truth is, Pakistan has ties to about every terrorist group in Afghani-stan, and we know that the Taliban terrorist group is based out of Paki-stan. It came as no surprise that when the U.S. drone strike killed the leader of the Taliban in 2016, guess where he was? He was in Pakistan hiding out. There is a laundry list of evidence of Pakistan’s support for terrorist groups, and I think a little more history is in order because this activity by Pakistan has been going on for years and has been below the radar. So let’s just list some of the counts of the indictment against Pakistan and their terrorist activity. Let’s go back to 1980. Pakistan ac-tively assisted countries like North Korea, Iran, and Libya in their efforts to build a nuclear weapon. Now, where are we today? Iran, the number one state sponsor of terrorism in the world, got some of its nuclear ability from Pakistan. North Korea, on the other side of the globe, guess what, they are developing nu-clear capability, and we can trace some of their roots for their science back to Pakistan. Since 1980, Pakistan has provided a safe haven and support, as I mentioned, for the Haqqani Network. The Haqqani Network operates many places in the world, including Lebanon, a threat to Israel. Since the 1980s, Pakistan has hosted multiple madrassas that indoctrinate thousands of Pakistani young who join radical groups. That is a nice way of saying terrorist groups. One Pakistan madrassa, which re-ceives millions of dollars in state fund-ing, has so many prominent terrorists in its alumni that it has the name of the University of Jihad. I will continue. Since 1990, Pakistan has supported terrorist groups in Kash-mir, like the Lashkar-e-Taiba, called the LeT, and other terrorist groups in its proxy war with India. These groups have carried out attacks inside India, such as the 2001 attack against the In-dian Parliament. Since the 1990s, Pakistan has allowed those terrorist groups like the LeT to openly fundraise in the country of Pakistan. Beginning in the 1990s, Paki-stan provided training, advisers, intel-ligence, and material support for the Afghan Taliban, a specific terrorist group that operates in Afghanistan based in Pakistan. Pakistan had forged the alliance be-tween the al-Qaida and the Taliban be-fore 9/11, and Hamid Gul, the former head of Pakistan’s ISI, is called the fa-ther of the Taliban. Pakistani nuclear scientists met with senior al-Qaida—this is a terrorist group—leadership in 1998, to discuss the terrorist group’s desire to acquire nuclear technology. In 1998, several Pakistani officers were killed in an al-Qaida training camp by the United States. Well, what were they doing there? They were training the al-Qaida in terrorist ac-tivities. This was a retaliation by the U.S. for the Africa Embassy bombings. In 2001, Pakistan ISI helped revive the Afghan Taliban after it was de-feated by the United States in the Northern Alliance. While Pakistan is fighting the Pakistani Taliban, it al-lows the Afghan Taliban, or what it re-fers to as the good Taliban, to operate freely in its territory. Let me try to explain this. There is the Pakistani Taliban. It operates in Pakistan. The Pakistan Government goes after those people because they are causing crimes in Pakistan. But there is the Afghan Taliban that oper-ates out of Pakistan that is supported by ISI and works in Afghanistan to kill NATO forces, including Americans. Pakistan says: oh, we are after terror-ists. We are going after them. They are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.044 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5132 June 23, 2017 
only going after those terrorists that operate in their country against Paki-stanis, not terrorist groups that oper-ate in other parts of the world against Americans. After the U.S. invasion of Afghani-stan in 2001, Osama bin Laden and many senior al-Qaida leaders fled to Pakistan. Many of them are still there. Pakistan facilitated arms purchases and foreign fighter flows for al-Qaida as the war continued. Since 2004, eight major terrorist plots against Western countries were planned in Pakistan. In 2008, the GAO—that is the folks who take care of our money, or at least try to track it—found that the Paki-stan Government may have falsified claimed costs for providing support to the United States-led military oper-ations. What does that mean? We give to the Pakistan Government to help their military supposedly go after terrorists, and they give us back vouchers to say: well, this is what we did. Well, our government went through these vouchers and found out that Pakistan lied about this. They were asking for money for an activity that never occurred. So they tried to cheat the American public on these re-imbursements. And there is more. In November 2008, LeT conducted the Mumbai attack in India that killed more than 160 people with Pakistani assistance. Remember, LeT is a ter-rorist group. In 2009, a Taliban leader, who had begun peace negotiations with the Af-ghan Government to stop the killing and the war, was arrested by Pakistan authorities for negotiating a peace talk because Pakistan did not want and does not want peace in Afghanistan. In 2010, Pakistani intelligence is be-lieved to have leaked the identity of an American CIA intelligence chief based in Pakistan. Of course, he had to flee the country. In 2010, Pakistan closed the NATO supply route in Afghanistan for one week in response to NATO’s helicopter strike that killed three Pakistani sol-diers. Documents leaked in 2010 revealed di-rect meetings between ISI and the Taliban to organize and orchestrate at-tacks on American soldiers in Afghani-stan. That was in 2010. I will continue. The terrorist perpe-trator of the 2010 attempted car bomb-ings in Times Square, that is in the United States, was known to have un-dergone weapons training in Pakistan. In 2011, Osama bin Laden, we all know who he was, the number one ter-rorist in world history, well, he was found and killed in Abbottabad outside of Pakistan’s version of West Point. In other words, you have a military in-stallation, you have Osama bin Laden hiding in his big old home there, and the Pakistanis had been hiding him out. He was found there, Americans went and took him out, didn’t tell the Pakistani Government because they would have moved him again. We have evidence that Pakistan sup-ports terrorism. What happened was, Pakistan scrambled American-made jets to go after the Americans who took out the Taliban. Fortunately, the Americans were able to get away and they were not attacked by the Paki-stan Government. To show how supportive Pakistan is, one of our helicopters, you may re-member, had stealth on one of its ro-tors. Well, it crashed there, and they turned that evidence over to the Chi-nese and let them take whatever evi-dence they wanted to show the stealth in that helicopter. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask you how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 17 minutes re-maining in his Special Order. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, thank you. In 2011, Pakistan jailed Dr. Afridi, who helped the United States track down Osama bin Laden, and he is still in jail. So Pakistan claims that they are a help to the U.S. in tracking down ter-rorism in the world, but they are not. The evidence shows the difference. Whose side is Pakistan really on? After the 2011 raid to kill Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, as I said, invited the Chinese to inspect the wreckage on the stealth helicopter that the U.S. forces left behind. If people are allies of the U.S., they don’t turn over technology to China. Once again in 2011, Pakistan ISI poisoned CIA Chief Mark Kelton fol-lowing the Osama bin Laden raid. In 2011, Pakistan shelling killed 42 Afghanistan civilians. Pakistan is no-torious for its blasphemy laws which are used to persecute numerous minori-ties, including Christians. Asia Bibi, a Pakistan Christian mother of five, was sentenced to death for blasphemy in 2011. Pakistan launched counterterrorism raids in 2014 into the Federally Admin-istered Tribal Areas, yet turned a blind eye to the Haqqani Network and the Afghanistan Taliban operatives in the area. In September of 2016, Pakistani ter-rorists attacked an Indian military base in Kashmir, killing 17 Indian sol-diers. Indian officials say the terrorists were from a group backed by the Paki-stani ISI and were using weapons with Pakistani markings. In 2017, Pakistani cross-border shell-ing forced hundreds of Afghanistan vil-lagers to flee their homes and further strained relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Well, no kidding. Let me give you some other evidence, Mr. Speaker, and let me make this clear. The issue here is not the people of Pakistan. The issue is not Ameri-cans of Pakistani descent. Our quarrel and our issue is not with those folks. I represent a lot of Pakistani Americans. Good folks. Hardworking individuals. The issue is with the United States’ relationship with the Government of Pakistan that is playing the United States. Recently, before the United Na-tions Security Council, H.E. Mahmoud Saikal, Ambassador, Permanent Rep-resentative from Afghanistan spoke to the U.N. He has an excellent speech. The speech is Afghanistan’s relation-ship with Pakistan. I am not going to read his entire speech, but I do want to make a couple of comments from his point of view about Pakistan and their terrorist ac-tivity. He says: ‘‘In recent months, dozens of terrorist attacks across Afghanistan have claimed scores of innocent lives. In January, three simultaneous ter-rorist attacks in Kabul, Kandahar, and Helmand provinces killed and maimed over 160, including six UAE diplomats. In February, the Supreme Court, our symbol of justice, was attacked, caus-ing numerous fatalities. Last week, two separate attacks in the heart of Kabul killed many civilians. Finally, just two days ago, Afghanistan’s larg-est hospital was attacked, leaving over 140 killed and wounded, many of whom were doctors, nurses, and patients. The Taliban’’—terrorist group—‘‘have claimed responsibility for most of these attacks, but regardless of whose names are being labeled on these at-tacks, our own investigations have clearly established that they were gen-erally plotted beyond our frontiers,’’ namely, in Pakistan. I include in the R
ECORD the entire speech of the Ambassador to the U.N. 
UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL DEBATE  
ON THE SITUATION IN AFGHANISTAN  H.E. Mahmoud Saikal, Ambassador, Perma-nent Representative of the Islamic Repub-lic of Afghanistan to the United Nations, March 10, 2017, New York) Thank you, Mr. President. Let me con-gratulate the United Kingdom on its leader-ship of the Council this month. I thank the Secretary General, Antonio Guterres, for presenting his first report on the situation in Afghanistan. Also, allow me to thank the SRSG, Ambassador Tadamichi Yamamoto, and Afghanistan’s Independent Human Rights Commissioner, Dr. Sima Samar, for their briefings. Given the severity of the situation in my country, I would like to dedicate my state-ment today to the challenging security situ-ation, hidden agendas, the peace process and the ever-increasing necessity for regional and global cooperation. Mr. President, in recent months, dozens of terrorist attacks across Afghanistan have claimed scores of innocent lives. In January, three simultaneous terrorist attacks in Kabul, Kandahar, and Helmand provinces killed and maimed over 160, including six UAE diplomats. In February, the Supreme Court, our symbol of justice, was attacked, causing numerous fatalities. Last week, two separate attacks in the heart of Kabul killed many civilians. Finally, just two days ago Afghanistan’s largest hospital was attacked, leaving over 140 killed and wounded, many of whom were doctors, nurses, and patients. The Taliban have claimed responsibility for most of these attacks, but regardless of whose names are being labeled on these at-tacks, our own investigations have clearly established that they were generally plotted beyond our frontiers, on the other side of the Durand Line. This, Mr. President, is the fun-damental factor which needs to be addressed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.046 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5133 June 23, 2017 
The UN Security Council issued prompt statements condemning these attacks in strongest terms, for which we are thankful. The statements underlined—and I quote: ‘‘the need to bring perpetrators, organizers, financiers and sponsors of these reprehen-sible acts of terrorism to justice’’. It also urged ‘‘all States, in accordance with their obligations under international law and rel-evant Security Council resolutions, to co-operate actively with the Afghan authorities in this regard.’’ This is indeed what Afghani-stan has been asking for many years. My Government and people would like to know why, after countless terrorist atrocities and specific Security Council statements con-demning them, we are still witness to impu-nity for perpetrators and orchestrators of endless violence? Mr. President, let me be very clear. The conflict in our country is not homegrown, as some desperately and deceptively try to por-tray. On the contrary, it is the nexus of il-licit narcotics, violent extremism, and state sponsorship of terrorism with regional di-mensions and global consequences. Trag-ically, it has morphed into an undeclared war by a neighboring state that has for many years, and still continues to coordinate, fa-cilitate, and orchestrate violence through proxy forces and more than 20 terrorist net-works. These groups benefit from a full- fledged external infrastructure to keep Af-ghanistan off-balance for motives that are inconsistent with our desire to live in a peaceful and prospering region. In earlier statements to this Council, we have emphasized, time and again, on Paki-stani actions that sustain terrorist activities in our country. Today, let me quote leading Pakistani officials themselves. General Pervez Musharraf, who led Pakistan for eight years as President, proudly commented in a 2015 interview with The Guardian news-paper that ‘‘Pakistan’s Inter Services Intel-ligence (ISI) had given birth to the Taliban to counter Indian action against Pakistan’’. Last year, Mr. Sartaj Aziz, Pakistan Prime Minister’s Adviser on Foreign Affairs, went on record to say that Taliban leaders reside in Pakistan and that they have influence over them. A couple of weeks ago, Mr. Ashraf Jehangir Qazi, former ambassador of Paki-stan to the US, Russia, China, and India and UN SRSG to Iraq and Sudan, wrote in the Herald Magazine of Pakistan: ‘‘after the So-viet defeat and withdrawal, we (wittingly or unwittingly) unleashed a ruinous civil war and imposed a barbaric and medieval Taliban upon the hapless Afghan people.’’ His words are but confirmation of the truth that ‘‘Pakistan talks one policy, but walks the other’’. Mr. Husain Haqqani, another former Am-bassador of Pakistan to the US and Sri Lanka, categorizes in clear terms, in a NYT 2013 article, the links between Pakistan’s state apparatus and the Taliban over time, and mentions in the context of peace talks that ‘‘the Taliban and their Pakistani men-tors have hardly changed their arguments or their tendency to fudge facts’’. These quotes and admissions that I just read were not ‘‘rhetoric from Kabul’’ or ‘‘blame game’’ as often claimed by a known member state. This was Pakistan talking! Mr. President, against this backdrop, in February, a series of unfortunate terrorist attacks in Pakistan killed dozens and wounded many more innocent men, women, and children. As is the case, Afghans always share the pain and anguish of our Pakistani brothers and sisters. However, the Govern-ment of Pakistan, immediately and without any regard for an investigative process or clear facts, blamed Afghanistan for the at-tacks and resorted to increased breaches of our territorial integrity, the closing of the main border crossings, blockading trade and transit, and harassing our nationals trav-eling to or living in their country. Such measures constitute a clear violation of prin-ciples of WTO and the rights of land locked countries, including their access to sea. From January till today, we recorded at least 59 instances of violations of Afghan ter-ritory by Pakistan military forces, including three violations of our air space, over 1375 cross-frontier artillery shellings that caused dozens of casualties, displacement of 450 families in the middle of cold winter in our eastern provinces, burning of our forests, il-legal construction of infrastructure near the frontier region, and hostile maneuvering of tanks and heavy weaponry. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I will just make one more comment on the speech. The Ambassador says: ‘‘Pakistan talks one policy, but walks the other.’’ I will continue. The World Muhajir Congress has written a letter to the United States Congress. Who are these folks? Well, they represent the views and interests of the Muhajirs. They are decendents of Muslims who migrated from India to Pakistan at the time of the partition of India in 1947. b1215 They write a letter, and the title of their letter is: ‘‘World Muhajir Con-gress request U.S. Congress to cut off military aid to Pakistan.’’ They go into detail talking about the terrorist activity of the Government of Pakistan, and not only in Pakistan, but in borders across the world. They ‘‘request Trump administration and the U.S. Congress to cut off military aid to Pakistan. Pakistan army and in-telligence agency ISI is mainly using this military aid’’—American military aid—‘‘to kill innocent Muhajirs, Baloch, and Pashtoons. The double game of Pakistan’s security establish-ment with U.S. administration must come to an end, which has put lives of U.S. and NATO soldiers in danger in Afghanistan.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letter. 
[From World Muhajir Congress, June 15, 2017] W
ORLD MUHAJIR CONGRESS REQUEST US C ON-
GRESS TOCUTOFFMILITARY AID TO PAKI-
STAN  World Muhajir Congress represents the views and interests of Muhajirs—descendants of those Muslims who migrated from India to Pakistan at the time of the Partition of India in 1947 at appropriate international fo-rums. Indeed, our forefathers had created Paki-stan as a homeland for Muslims in India pri-marily to safeguards their political and eco-nomic interests. However, their idea of Paki-stan envisaged a secular state where other religious minorities would be guaranteed equal rights and complete religious freedom. The founder of Pakistan Mohammad Ali Jinnah—known as Quaid e Azam—left no doubts about his vision for Pakistan when he chose a number of non-Muslims in the first Cabinet for Pakistan. In his address to the First Constituent Assembly of Pakistan, Mr Jinnah made his views abundantly clear when he said, ‘‘in course of time Hindus would cease to be Hindus and Muslims would cease to be Muslims, not in the religious sense, because that is the personal faith of each individual, but in the political sense as citizens of the State.’’ Unfortunately, the British Raj had left be-hind a huge Indian army at the time of Par-tition that was mainly comprised of Punjabi Muslims. This Punjabi Army soon took con-trol of every major institution in Pakistan and never let the true democracy flourish. Protecting the interests of Punjabis has been the primary mission of this Army since the creation of Pakistan, even if it had to at the cost of national interests. Denial of basic constitutional rights to majority Bengali population and subsequent disintegration of Pakistan’s Bengali-majority East Pakistan is just one example. In the last few decades, Pakistan’s Punjabi-dominated security establishment has blatantly used religion, Islam, as its major tool to perpetuate its domination over other ethnic groups in Pakistan, Muhajirs, Balochs and Pashtoons in particular. The Army itself has gradually become highly radicalized and seems obsessed with the idea of dominating the entire region. The most alarming trend in the last three decades, however, has been the creation and blatant use of ‘religious proxies’ by Pakistan Army to promote its sinister agenda of Punjabi dominance over Pakistan as well as the re-gion. Jihadi terrorist outfits created by Paki-stan Army have caused havoc in the last three decades both inside and outside Paki-stan. Even though hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis have died as a result of attacks carried out by these ruthless proxies of Paki-stan’s security establishment, the targets of these terrorist outfits have never been con-fined to Pakistan and pretty much every country in the region has suffered at the hands of these terror groups. Whether it is the world’s ‘‘most wanted’’ man Osama bin Laden or the chief of Taliban Mullah Omar; whether it is al-Qaeda’s ideo-logical founder Ayman al-Zawahiri or TTP Amir Mullah Mansoor Akhtar or 9/11 master-mind Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, they all have lived and freely operated from Paki-stan. It is not even remotely possible that such notorious mass murderers could have lived and operated from Pakistani soil with-out the overt or covert support from ISI. In fact, thugs of every fanatic religious outfit are still freely operating in Pakistan, par-ticularly in Karachi, very often under the overt protection of Paramilitary Rangers. We have video evidence confirming that militants of banned extremist religious out-fits are allowed to freely collect donations in Karachi to wage ‘‘Jihad against America.’’ The region as well as the world has suf-fered enough due to the mindless policies and treachery of Pakistan’s Punjabi-dominated security establishment. In fact, ethnic mi-norities of Pakistan have been the biggest victim of Pakistan Army and its intelligence agencies’ ruthless pro-Punjabi policies. Over 20 thousand Muhajirs have been killed by Pakistan’s state agencies since 1992 alone. Two federal governments in Pakistan were deposed on the charges of extrajudicial killings of Muhajirs in Karachi but none of the culprits was ever punished. Tens of thou-sands of Balochs have been killed by Paki-stan’s security agencies in the country’s largest Balochistan province. Hundreds of ethnic Pashtoons too have either been killed and injured or made homeless by Pakistan Army in the last few years under the garb of security operations in the country’s north-ern areas. Pakistan Army and ISI are actively silenc-ing every sane and secular voice in Pakistan and are supporting, arming and training every jihadi terrorist outfit under the sun. In recent days, General Janjua, the former Crops Commander of Balochistan, now the country’s security czar, has facilitated legis-lation that now allows graduates of religious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.001 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5134 June 23, 2017 
seminaries (Madrassahs) to receive Commis-sion in Pakistan Army. The previous Direc-tor General of ISI (now the head of Paki-stan’s National Defense University) General Rizwan Akhtar has even proposed to ‘incor-porate militants belonging to banned ex-tremist religious outfits into paramilitary forces.’ The region is burning due to the highly un-professional and irresponsible policies and acts of Pakistan’s military establishment and ISI. The entire world is suffering. As the British Prime Minister Mrs. Theresa May said following the most recent terrorist at-tack in London ‘‘enough is enough.’’ It is about time for the world to act against this madness and put its foot down. World Muhajir Congress sincerely request Trump Administration and US Congress to cut off military aid to Pakistan. Pakistan Army and intelligence agency ISI is mainly using this military aid to kill innocent Muhajirs, Baloch and Pashtoons. The double game of Pakistan’s security establishment with US administration must come to an end which has put lives of US and NATO soldiers in danger in Afghanistan. 
Mr. POE of Texas. So what does all this mean? I have given 20 or 30 enumerated counts of an indictment against Paki-stan, alleging them of supporting ter-rorism in the world. What can we do about it? Pakistan is not an ally of the United States. But the United States, every year, gives millions of dollars to Paki-stan. Congress has even brought this up before, has tried to cut some of that money off. It has passed the House, but it has never passed and become law. And we continue to give them money. The United States does not, and should not, continue to give Pakistan money because the money we give them goes to ISI, and that money goes to support terrorist activity in Afghan-istan that kills Americans. Why are we doing this? But we continue to do it, for some reason that I think is absurd. So the first thing we need to do is cut off the aid to Pakistan. We don’t need to pay them to kill us; they will sup-port killing Americans on their own. Cut off the aid. The second thing we do is to label Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism. That is what they are: a state sponsor of terrorism. Congress needs to label them and make that designation so they suffer the consequences for their terrorist mischief throughout the world. And the third thing we do is we need to remove and revoke their major non- NATO ally status. That is a fancy word for: because Pakistan is a major non- NATO ally, they get certain benefits, militarily, that other countries don’t get. Revoke that. Quit giving them mili-tary aid. Quit giving them money. Des-ignate them as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, and remove the major non- NATO ally status against Pakistan. There needs to be consequences for this long history, that most Americans are not aware of, where Pakistan says one thing and, like the ambassador said, does something else; and those con-sequences need to come down to get at-tention. The longest war in American history continues today, and it is a war sup-posedly against terrorism. But Afghan-istan still is a hotbed because of what takes place and supported from Paki-stan. The Afghan Government knows it, we know it, and the Pakistan Gov-ernment knows it. So there must be consequences. I think Pakistan is found guilty of sup-porting terrorism, and there should be action by the United States imme-diately to do these three things. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I have to say that it is a privilege and it is good for the House and good for Amer-ica when Judge T
EDPOEis on the floor making a case. He was a great judge, a great prosecutor before that, and we will always need his voice making a case here on the floor, especially the kind of strong case he was just making. And I want to follow up with that. There was a story yesterday, June 22, by Kristina Wong. It says: ‘‘James Comey may have misled Sen-ators on May 3, when he testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee that he had never been an anonymous source in news reports related to the Russia investigation. ‘‘By that time, he had already leaked several private conversations he had with President Trump to his friend Benjamin Wittes, editor-in-chief of the blog Lawfare and former editorial writ-er for The Washington Post.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am sure you will re-call, as we see every day, evidence that The Washington Post does not just de-spise Donald Trump, they are actually malicious in their reporting. President Trump, as a public figure, would nor-mally have a tough time making a case as a public figure for libel or slander because you have to prove malice. The Washington Post has proved repeatedly they are not interested in fairness or anything resembling balance. They can’t stand Donald J. Trump, and they are out to try to get him in a malicious fashion. So when anybody, especially some-body with the FBI, leaks anything to people that may have it end up in The Washington Post, they, indeed, them-selves become part of the malice for our President. The article says: ‘‘Wittes wrote in a piece on May 18, only 9 days after Comey was fired, that the former FBI Director had shared those conversations ‘over the previous few months.’ He wrote: ‘‘Comey never told me the details of the dinner meeting; I don’t think I even knew that there had been a meet-ing over dinner until I learned it from the Times story. But he did tell me in general terms that early on, Trump had ‘asked for loyalty’ and that Comey had promised him only honesty. He also told me that Trump was percep-tibly uncomfortable with this answer.’’ Now, let me insert here because obvi-ously Mr. Comey does not understand what loyalty means and why a Presi-dent of the United States would ask for loyalty from the Director of the FBI. But what loyalty means from a Direc-tor of the FBI is: Mr. President, I will be loyal to the administration. I will not go out and leak things to the media and I will not go out and stab you in the back every chance I have, even though I have these friends that hate your guts. And I know when I leak things or share things to people that can’t stand the President, it is going to hurt him and it is going to be disloyal. That is what loyalty is. It is out-rageous for someone to try to make an obstruction case out of a President asking for loyalty. Look at what the Obama administra-tion did. They prosecuted more people that they alleged were leakers than all other administrations put together. They were aggressive in prosecuting disloyalty. Donald Trump, on the other hand, as President of the United States, wasn’t threatening to prosecute the way the Obama administration obviously had done. And he didn’t try to make an ex-ample of everybody by having them prosecuted if they leaked anything. Otherwise, Comey would be standing before a judge answering charges right now; and maybe that should come later. All he was asking for is: I need you to promise me loyalty. And the very question of a President just asking for loyalty ended up being a source of evidence that Mueller—not Mueller. That is another case alto-gether. There is plenty of evidence about him—that Comey is probably the most disloyal FBI Director since J. Edgar Hoover was taping Presidents himself and having them watched and spied on. So it is amazing, as smart as James Comey is—I have questioned him a number of times, so I know how smart he is. But as smart as he is, he couldn’t figure out that loyalty would mean you don’t run—try to make your President look bad after a simple meeting where the President just asked: Would you be loyal? I am not asking for the Moon. I am not asking for anything out-rageous. I am simply asking: Would you please be loyal? And even as President Trump was, apparently, asking for loyalty, this dis-loyal, dishonest Director of the FBI was already turning wheels in his head: How can I hurt this President? I know a reporter that hates Trump, who worked for the Trump-hating Wash-ington Post. Even though he is not there now, he will know how to help me hurt Trump. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.018 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5135 June 23, 2017 
I mean, even as the President is ask-ing for loyalty, that is what he is get-ting in the mind of the FBI Director. So is it any mystery when we look back at the case history we have talked about here on the floor about how Comey manipulated John Ashcroft into recusing himself so Comey could push his own dear friend and godfather of his child, Patrick Fitzgerald, into being special counsel to go after the Bush administration? Clearly, Comey and Fitzgerald were hoping to nail Karl Rove’s and Dick Cheney’s hide to the wall. That is what they were after. And how do we know? Because on day one—well, of course, the fact that Comey would push the godfather of his child into that posi-tion tells you all you need to know, but there is plenty more. They both knew that Richard Armitage had leaked Valerie Plame’s identity as a CIA agent. And they knew that there was no need for a special counsel or a special investigation. Yet they spent millions of dollars and man- hours trying to get beyond that and find some way to nail somebody they didn’t like. You would call that dishonesty or disloyalty because honesty would have had Comey and his dear friend and god-father of his child immediately going public on day one. This would be honesty, to go forward and say: We know that the godfather of my child here, Patrick Fitzgerald, was appointed to find out who leaked infor-mation about Valerie Plame and her dishonest husband, Joseph Wilson, who lied to the CIA and lied to Congress, but we still need to know. And guess what. We already know on day one who leaked it. It was Richard Armitage. There is no need to squander taxpayer dollars and there is no need for the government to pay massive amounts of money to Patrick Fitz-gerald to do this investigation. b1230 We are honest individuals. We are coming forward, and, yeah, maybe it wasn’t all that honest for me to put my dear close friend, Fitzgerald, in this po-sition, but I am going to be honest now. We don’t need this investigation. But that is not what they did. They were disloyal and dishonest to the American people, to the Bush adminis-tration, and to justice. They asked for expanded jurisdiction, made it seem like they were on the trail of some-thing big. No, they weren’t on the trail of any-thing big. They had nothing. They wanted to try to get somebody pros-ecuted, and that way they could try to justify the massive amount of expendi-tures for nothing, for no good reason, that they were about to go through. Eventually, they prosecuted Scooter Libby for allegedly being inconsistent with something he said—same thing they went after Martha Stewart for. There was no insider trading that Martha Stewart engaged in. And I know she is not a fan of Republicans— seems like a very nice person when I talked to her—but she was treated grossly unfairly. There was no insider trading. So they keep talking to her until they find they think she said something inconsistent so they could get a conviction, get a scalp under their belt, figuratively speaking, and claim they had done some great good. Comey was underneath, behind the scenes in that as well. So it is amazing to me how anybody could try to be accusatory of someone, a President that said: Can you please promise me you will be loyal? He didn’t ask for anything illegal, nothing unethical, but apparently—you know, I didn’t know Donald Trump. I supported T
EDCRUZfor over a year for President. But I have come to under-stand, this man has amazing instincts with people, amazing business acumen, figures out when something makes sense and something doesn’t make sense. One of the other Members of Con-gress just this morning was saying: You know, I never realized until I had seen the President in person, the man really has a big heart. Okay. It was kind of surprising to some folks. But you get the inkling of it the more you are around him. And you see the way he treats kids, and we saw the way he treats children. You know, we saw the way he was so good to all kids. It didn’t matter—he didn’t care if they were Democrats’ kids or Republicans’ kids. But I do recall, 8 years ago, one of my friends from Texas had a daughter, had her little book and pen, saw kids lined up getting an autograph from President Obama. So she ran over to get an autograph, and she came back in tears because she said when he got to her, he said, ‘‘I am not signing yours,’’ and walked away. Her parents assured her it was nothing personal. He just ob-viously had some kind of emergency. But then later on, before the congres-sional picnic was over, she saw other children lined up getting an autograph. She ran, got to the end of the line, and once again, when President Obama got to her, he said, ‘‘I told you, I am not signing yours.’’ It took a long time to get over that. But a lot of the people that saw the way President Obama treated some kids—not all of them, but some—saw the way President Trump didn’t care anything about their background, what party their parents supported. He was just a gracious guy, obviously showed a big heart for kids. So it would be understandable that somebody in business, doing multi-million-dollar deals, would need to know people were going to be loyal. And I have come to know enough about Donald Trump and his intuition about people he is dealing with, if he asks someone to be loyal and that person hedges their bets, said, well, I will be honest—I haven’t asked him, but I am willing to bet when James Comey re-fused to say he would be loyal but said he would be honest, I would be willing to bet you Donald Trump knew imme-diately this man is not going to be loyal or honest, and that is exactly what has happened. James Comey has been both disloyal to his country, to the FBI, and to the President he was serving. He admitted leaking information. And some of us believe that if President Trump had not tweeted out, making reference to potential tapes of their conversations, that the disloyal, dishonest former Di-rector of the FBI would probably not have been as honest as he was about some other things that were said. But for anyone in the media to make some kind of big deal, potential ob-struction of justice charge, just bring-ing up ‘‘I need you to be loyal; tell me you will be loyal’’ is absolutely out-rageous. I would expect every President, sure-ly, if they were a good President, at one time or another needed to ask for a pledge of loyalty, not that you are going to lie, not that you are going to commit a crime, but you are not going to run out and leak stuff more than once the way James Comey did. You are going to be loyal to me. And if there is a problem, you come to me. You don’t go leak it to your leftwing friends. And also being loyal, I would think, would include that, if you believe there is a need for an independent counsel, a special counsel, and that you are a critical witness, that being loyal and being honest would—and being ethical would require that you not look for-ward to having one of your best friends in the world, Bob Mueller, being the special counsel. My friends, my very dear friends, J
IM J
ORDAN , MARKMEADOWS , JODYHICE—I have an article from yesterday. I have been talking about this for a week or so with different people, but we do need an independent counsel. We need a spe-cial counsel. And courts have made clear, Congress cannot appoint an inde-pendent counsel. It is an executive branch function. It is a violation of the separation of powers. It has been made very clear: Congress can appropriate for independent coun-sel, they can make laws that create an office of independent counsel or a spe-cial prosecutor, they can do all those things, but they cannot, Congress can-not appoint an independent prosecutor, a special counsel. That is an executive branch function, and everyone in the executive branch derives their power, any that they have, from and through the President of the United States. We know, there is no question about it, President Barack Hussein Obama regularly and intentionally obstructed justice, but we know that for a Presi-dent to obstruct justice the way Presi-dent Obama did was legal. He has the power to legally obstruct justice a number of ways, whether it is at the very end, just an outright pardon, or whether it is a dictation of policies the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.051 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5136 June 23, 2017 
way President Obama did: We are not going to go after and prosecute this group of people that have come in and committed crimes from other coun-tries. Some of us felt like it was terrible judgment, but President Obama had the legal authority to obstruct justice in directing the Justice Department not to pursue and prosecute certain groups of people or even individuals. He could pardon them outright before or after investigation. The President has that power. So does President Trump. But as my friends point out in this article, Mr. Comey misled the Amer-ican people in the early weeks of the Trump administration by furthering the perception that President Trump was under investigation when, in fact, he was not. He, again, did this willfully and intentionally, and, I would add, he did it disloyally and dishonestly. They point out that Comey recently admitted that, after being fired from the FBI, he had a friend leak an inter-nal FBI document to The New York Times detailing a conversation Comey had with President Trump. Comey tes-tified under oath that he had ordered the leak to help create public momen-tum for the appointment of a special counsel, which we now know is Comey’s mentor, predecessor, dear friend, Robert Mueller. Unless anyone be confused—and I have even heard our great Speaker of the House say: Yeah, well, you know, the fact is his credentials are impec-cable. We trust him. Well, anybody who looks into Mueller’s situation deeply enough will not say that his credentials are impec-cable. He served honorably, heroically in Vietnam, but as FBI Director, he set a policy in place that would run people out of the FBI that had years of service and experience as supervisors. One arti-cle pointed out, he had run off thou-sands and thousands of years of experi-ence. I would submit it is because his ego-tistical narcissism would not allow him to have anybody that knew more than he did so they could question or offer suggestions contrary to what Director Mueller wanted. That is why he cost the FBI millions of dollars. And be-cause of his poor leadership, his purg-ing of the FBI training materials so that all these new people, after he ran off the experienced people that knew what radical Islam was—they had been trained to recognize it—ran them off, had younger people in there who were not allowed to learn what radical Islam was, so when the Orlando shooter or Tsarnaev or any of these others that were on the radar were investigated by Mueller’s trained FBI, they didn’t know what they were looking for. Be-cause of the poor training—it wasn’t intentional by Mueller that they would end up costing people their lives, but that is what happened. An article points out: ‘‘On May 7, 2014, the House of Representatives passed a resolution calling for a special counsel to investigate the IRS tar-geting of conservatives for their polit-ical beliefs. Comey and Attorney Gen-eral Eric Holder blocked the appoint-ment. This despite the fact that the lead investigator they assigned to the case, Barbara Bosserman, was a max- out contributor to President Obama’s reelection campaign. ‘‘This is the type of unequal justice the Americans despise. No special counsel in the IRS targeting investiga-tion. No special counsel for the Clinton email investigation. But if it’s about protecting Comey’s reputation and hurting President Trump, then of course there has to be a special coun-sel. ‘‘Throughout 2015 and 2016 there were calls from Congress for a special coun-sel in the Clinton email scandal.’’ I mean, for heaven’s sakes, when you have someone go out and destroy known evidence that has been subpoe-naed with a hammer, now that is ille-gal obstruction of justice. But, no, Comey didn’t want that in-vestigated. Oh, no, his dear friend Hil-lary Clinton, the dear couple that was so close to Loretta Lynch that she would order him to misrepresent what the FBI was doing, that she would get on a plane knowing he is the spouse of somebody they are supposed to be look-ing at prosecuting, that there is plenty of evidence to show she violated the law many times, criminal law many times, oh, no. But this Justice Depart-ment refused, even after it was re-vealed that Attorney General Loretta Lynch met privately with Bill Clinton less than a week before the FBI inter-viewed Hillary Clinton. b1245 No special counsel was established, even allowed, or even recommended, even after some unusual Justice De-partment immunity deals, the deals the Justice Department made with Comey there as Director when he, ap-parently, was a big enough shot he could do his job and Loretta Lynch’s; say, I’m not going to let anybody— what he said was no good prosecutor, in essence, would prosecute this case. That was a lie, but he went before the public to say it to help his friends, the Clintons or, rather, better friends of Loretta Lynch and the President. Boy, if President Trump had ever gotten the loyalty from James Comey that President Obama got, in numerous cases, undeservedly, people would be recognizing prior criminal activity for what it was and is. Anyway, in one of the hearings, Mueller was asked about this incred-ible, horrendous activity of persecuting conservative organizations, refusing to allow them to form because they could go against President Obama in the next election. The Obama administration clearly used the IRS as one of its most effective campaign operative groups, and it worked. They were able, in 2012, to prevent conservative groups from forming and from coming after Presi-dent Obama for problems he had cre-ated. But with all the national furor over the IRS, Mr. Mueller was supposed to be so fair, so impartial. He is asked: Okay. Well, we’re told we don’t need a special counsel because you, the FBI, are all over this. You don’t need any special prosecutor. You’ve got this under control. Who is the lead agent? He couldn’t answer the question. He is asked: Okay. Well, how many agents have been assigned to the case? Mueller could not answer that ques-tion. He is asked: Have any victims been interviewed? The answer again was: I don’t know. The reason was Mueller is not objec-tive. He is not fair and balanced. He de-spises this President, like his and Comey’s friends at The Washington Post, The New York Times, and elite circles. They have shown they are and have been disloyal to the President. They have been unjust to this Presi-dent. And Mueller, I mean, going back to when William Jefferson was being in-vestigated, I haven’t seen the articles in many years, but I do recall, because we were paying attention, when Mueller had a congressional office searched without having—there are many times Members of Congress have potentially probable cause they com-mitted a crime, and the way it was al-ways handled, for over 200 years, you go to the Speaker of the House, be-cause things in a Member of Congress’ office—like, at that time, nobody should have come into my office, even with a warrant from the FBI, and been able to get material that said what FBI agents were giving me information about the terrible administration in the FBI. The only way we can have a balance of power and the only way we can have oversight is if the FBI has no right to come in and find out who the whistle-blowers are, because they do come after them. We have seen that over and over. But Mueller was out for blood. They get a search warrant. Forget 200 years of law. We are not going through the Speaker so they can preserve things that are privileged that the FBI shouldn’t get. Always in the past— there have been many people pros-ecuted with things that came from their office, as I understood it. I was in on one of the meetings be-tween the Attorney General’s lawyers, the House lawyers, and the FBI. They said: You know, many times we have given you—when you show us what it is, we make sure what is privileged stays privileged and give you the evi-dence that lets you prosecute. But Mueller went straight there, as a smack at Congress: You better not have oversight of me, or I will come after you. And when he was questioned about this issue that Congress was raising, his response was: Maybe it’s time I ap-pointed 400 agents to investigate Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.053 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5137 June 23, 2017 
He was threatening Congress. This is mean-spirited. This is an un-fair, unjust man. And there is only one answer because he leaked out, ‘‘I am investigating the President for ob-struction of justice.’’ Now if the Presi-dent fires him, oh, it will be another Saturday night massacre. So the answer is that the President has all the authority to appoint special counsel. He has got to appoint some-body to investigate Mueller, his chum-my buddy Comey, their chummy buddy Loretta Lynch, and the Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton couple so we can fi-nally find out truth, honesty, and loy-alty in this country. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 23, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: I write to inform you that I hereby resign from the office of U.S. Representative, effective at 10:00 AM Eastern Time on June 30, 2017. It has been a tremen-dous honor and privilege to serve the people of Utah as a Member of Congress. I thank you for your leadership as Speaker and look forward to working with you in my capacity as a private citizen to continue to find ways to improve our great Nation. Sincerely, J
ASON E. C HAFFETZ , U.S. Representative, Utah Third Congressional District. 
MAY18, 2017. Hon. G
ARYR. H ERBERT , Governor, State of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT. D
EAR GOVERNOR HERBERT : I write to in-form you in advance of my intent to resign from the office of U.S. Representative at the close of business on June 30, 2017. It has been a tremendous honor and privilege to serve the people of Utah as a Member of Congress. I look forward to working with you and oth-ers as a private citizen to continue to find ways to improve our remarkable State and Nation. Sincerely, J
ASON E CHAFFETZ , U.S. Representative, Utah Third Congressional District. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. L
AMALFA (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of at-tending a wedding. Ms. G
ABBARD (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, June 26, 2017, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Member executed the oath for access to classified information: Greg Gianforte 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1787. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary for Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting reports enti-tled ‘‘2017 Report to Congress on Sustainable Ranges’’, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 113 note; Pub-lic Law 107-314, 366(a)(5); (116 Stat. 2522); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1788. A letter from the Chairman, Ap-praisal Subcommittee, Federal Financial In-stitutions Examination Council, transmit-ting the 2016 Annual Report of the Appraisal Subcommittee, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 3332(a)(5); Public Law 101-73, Sec. 1103 (as amended by Public Law 111-203, Sec. 1473(b)); (124 Stat. 2190); to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 1789. A letter from the Acting Comptroller of the Currency, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, transmitting an annual report to Congress containing a description of ac-tions taken to carry out Sec. 308 of the Fi-nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended, pursu-ant to 12 U.S.C. 1463 note; Public Law 101-73, Sec. 308(c) (as amended by Public Law 111- 203, Sec. 367(4)(B)); (124 Stat. 1556); to the Committee on Financial Services. 1790. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of As-sets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Pay-ing Benefits received June 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 1791. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1792. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-dent and Chief Accounting Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, transmit-ting the 2016 Management Report of the Fed-eral Home Loan Bank of Des Moines includ-ing financial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 1793. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General and the Agency Response for the period of October 1, 2016, to March 31, 2017, in accordance with Sec. 5 of Public Law 94-452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1794. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Annual Report to Congress on the Medi-care and Medicaid Integrity Programs for FY 2015, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(i)(2); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1893 (as amended by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 6402(j)(1)(B)); (124 Stat. 762) and 42 U.S.C. 1396u-6(e)(5); Public Law 109-171, Sec. 6034(a)(2); (120 Stat. 76); jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 1795. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting the draft of pro-posed legislation titled the ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; jointly to the Committees on the Judi-ciary, Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, Nat-ural Resources, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2258. A bill to require that certain standards for commer-cial driver’s licenses applicable to former members of the armed services or reserves also apply to current members of the armed services or reserves; with an amendment (Rept. 115–189). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2547. A bill to expand the Department of Veterans Affairs medical professionals who may qualify to perform physical examinations on eligible veterans and issue medical certificates re-quired for operation of a commercial motor vehicle, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–190). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2548. A bill to reauthorize the programs and activities of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy; with an amendment (Rept. 115–191, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1492. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to direct the At-torney General to register practitioners to transport controlled substances to States in which the practitioner is not registered under the Act for the purpose of admin-istering the substances (under applicable State law) at locations other than principal places of business or professional practice (Rept. 115–192, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary discharged from fur-ther consideration. H.R. 1492 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Com-mittees on Natural Resources and Financial Services discharged from further consider-ation. H.R. 2548 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.054 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5138 June 23, 2017 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. H OYER , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. P
ELOSI , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Mary-land, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-ida, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. F OS-
TER, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K IND, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R USH, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S
IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SOTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H.R. 12. A bill to modernize voter registra-tion, promote access to voting for individ-uals with disabilities, protect the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Veterans’ Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself and Mr. M
EADOWS ): H.R. 3031. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 3032. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the cov-erage of marriage and family therapist serv-ices and mental health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H.R. 3033. A bill to secure the technological edge of the United States in civil and mili-tary aviation; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. K
IND, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. T
URNER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia, Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. B OST, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. C ON-
AWAY ): H.R. 3034. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional gold medal to Justin Smith Morrill, United States Senator of the State of Vermont, in recognition of his lasting con-tributions to higher education opportunity for all Americans; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, and Mr. C
ALVERT ): H.R. 3035. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt private founda-tions from the tax on excess business hold-ings in the case of certain philanthropic en-terprises which are independently super-vised, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. B ERGMAN , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. K
HANNA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mrs. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. B ACON , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. N OR-
CROSS ): H.R. 3036. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to modify the Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214) to include a specific block explicitly identified as the location in which a member of the Armed Forces may provide one or more email addresses by which the member may be contacted; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 3037. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the dollar limi-tation on employer-provided group term life insurance that can be excluded from the gross income of the employee; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. V ARGAS , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 3038. A bill to provide employees with 2 hours of paid leave in order to vote in Fed-eral elections; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H.R. 3039. A bill to designate certain Fed-eral lands in the State of California as wil-derness areas and as components of the Na-tional Wilderness Preservation System, to designate portions of the San Gabriel River and Little Rock Creek in that State as com-ponents of the National Wild and Scenic Riv-ers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. L
ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. L
EE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R
USH, and Ms. L OFGREN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JN7.100 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5139 June 23, 2017 
H.R. 3040. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take certain actions related to pesticides that may affect pollinators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. A
DERHOLT ): H.R. 3041. A bill to amend the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to provide an exception for a de minimus amount of fish or wildlife included in interstate commercial ship-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 3042. A bill to provide greater whistle-blower protections for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistle-blower protections, and increased account-ability and required discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistle-blowers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 3043. A bill to modernize hydropower policy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. L ANCE , Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): H.R. 3044. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand supplemental benefits to meet the needs of chronically ill Medicare Advantage enrollees under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 3045. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 3046. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude employer con-tributions to 529 plans from gross income and employment taxes and to allow a deduc-tion for individual contributions to such plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Flor-ida: H.R. 3047. A bill to correct the boundaries of John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Units P21, P21P, P22 in Florida; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Ms. M OORE , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. M ENG, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L
EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. V
ARGAS ): H.R. 3048. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction allowed for student loan interest; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 3049. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the windows in mili-tary family housing units to be equipped with fall prevention devices that protect against unintentional falls by young chil-dren, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Mr. R
USH): H.R. 3050. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act to provide Federal financial assistance to States to implement, review, and revise State energy security plans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. K
ATKO ): H.R. 3051. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require contractors to provide certain annual disclosures during a period of loan repayment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. G
OWDY ): H.R. 3052. A bill to establish the Higher Education Regulatory Reform Task Force, to expand the experimental sites initiative under the Higher Education Act of 1965 to re-duce college costs for students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. N EAL, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts): H. Con. Res. 65. Concurrent resolution hon-oring David Ame´rico Ortiz Arias, the three- time World Series Champion Major League Baseball player who played for the Min-nesota Twins and the Boston Red Sox for a combined 20 seasons; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 404. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need to create a small donor and pub-lic finance system for Congressional elec-tions; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 12. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 3031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution (general welfare clause). By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 3032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 3033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 3034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 3035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 3036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 3037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, clause 1 enumerates that, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ Further, Amendment XVI states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion relating to the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 3039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. CONYERS: H.R. 3040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 3041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the enumerated powers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JN7.100 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5140 June 23, 2017 
listed in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 3042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 3043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 as applied to waterways for the development of hydroelectric power and flood control. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 3044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, and Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, and Clause 3 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 3045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution; Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 3046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the ‘‘Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises.’’ By Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Flor-ida: H.R. 3047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 3048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 3049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 3050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 3051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 3052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. J ONES , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. B
UCHANAN , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 24: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 38: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 113: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 468: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 490: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 502: Mr. C
OOPER and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 545: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia. H.R. 566: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 579: Mr. R
USH, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 607: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 631: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 754: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. B EYER , Ms. S
PEIER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi- nois, Mr. B
ERGMAN , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 778: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 828: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 860: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 873: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. D ESANTIS , and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 911: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 959: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 997: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1044: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1045: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1057: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 1118: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1223: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1247: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. P AULSEN . H.R. 1322: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1368: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1406: Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. B ACON , Mr. N UNES , Mr. S IMP-
SON, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. F ASO, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. A
LLEN , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 1421: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 1444: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1467: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 1468: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1480: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1515: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1552: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 1563: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 1568: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 1661: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1697: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 1698: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 1699: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 1776: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1779: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 1810: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1811: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1943: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2043: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2059: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2062: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 2193: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. H ECK, Mr. R
EED, Mr. R OSS, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2230: Mr. I
SSA, Mr. C RIST, and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2285: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 2295: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2327: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2383: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. B OST, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. B
LUM, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2392: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 2401: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 2404: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2418: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2431: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 2452: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2550: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2635: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2711: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 2712: Mr. S
CHNEIDER and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 2723: Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten- nessee, and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2746: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2756: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2823: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 2825: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2832: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 2862: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2879: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 2902: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2909: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir- ginia, Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. G
AETZ , and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 2915: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2918: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 2921: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2924: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2943: Ms. D
EGETTE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2958: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2969: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2979: Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R OYCE  of California, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, Mr. M CCARTHY , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. L EE, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. B ERA, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. I SSA, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2982: Mr. S
ABLAN and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2999: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 3008: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. E
NGEL . H. Res. 30: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H. Res. 199: Mr. K
NIGHT . H. Res. 259: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 267: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H. Res. 274: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. T ROTT . H. Res. 279: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. R
OSKAM . H. Res. 307: Mr. W
ALBERG . H. Res. 317: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. R OYCE of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 342: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H. Res. 395: Mr. K
ILDEE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.022 H23JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE887 June 23, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 125TH AN-NIVERSARY OF MARCUS HOOK BOROUGH 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 125th Anniversary of the found-ing of Marcus Hook Borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, and to honor the con-tributions of generations of Marcus Hook resi-dents to our nation’s development and pros-perity. Marcus Hook was founded during the boom years of the late 1800’s, and its growth has been inextricably linked with the importance of the Delaware River to the commerce of Amer-ica’s east coast. Its key location and access to modern infrastructure made Marcus Hook a natural location for refining and for more than 100 years the industry has been the economic bedrock of the community. Just a few years ago, the refining industry and the family-sustaining jobs it supports were at risk. Within a few short months, the opera-tors of the refineries along the Delaware River announced their impending closure. But Marcus Hook didn’t give up. Thanks to its leg-acy of excellence, the skills of its workforce and the grit of its residents, the community came together. Today, the refining sector is being revitalized, and another generation of Marcus Hook families benefits from the jobs it supports. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Marcus Hook, its leaders and its residents for 125 years as a family-friendly, close-knit community and I thank the families of Marcus Hook for the honor of representing them in the House of Representatives. 
f 
IN LOVING MEMORY OF DEVON PFEIFER 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dear friend and public servant, Devon Joan Pfeifer of Weston, Connecticut, who we lost far too soon. A dedicated and loving mother, beloved community leader, and pas-sionate activist, Devon lived her life devoted to helping the lives of others, fighting for equal rights for all, and championing opportunities for the poor and working class. The daughter of a carpenter and labor lead-er, Devon embraced the struggle she found in the labor movement: fair pay and a helping hand for the least fortunate. She brought this spirit of compassion to many volunteer causes throughout Fairfield County, caring for those with disabilities and helping struggling school-children learn to read. She cared deeply for the people she helped, and encouraged every-one to do as much good as they can, for all they can, as long as they can. A lifelong Democrat and progressive, Devon served terms as Chair of the Weston and Fair-field Democratic Town Committees and as a member of the Weston Board of Education. She worked tirelessly behind the scenes to elect Democrats to local, state and federal of-fices. Her work embodied the very best of local political organizing; people coming to-gether to support a shared vision for a brighter future. She drew people in to the hard work of creating change with powerful words, an infec-tious laugh, and seemingly endless energy. She inspired many young people in Fairfield County to pursue public service, mentoring and grooming them into leaders, and I know that today she is proud of their progress and the great work that they do. She always served as our collective conscience, willing us to do more and to do better. Her activism lives on through her children— Conor and Maevereen—whom she loved so dearly and within whom she instilled a rebel attitude and fierce sense of civic duty. Devon always strove for equal rights for all people, and her love for her children made her even more dedicated to the fight to make a more equal world for them. Fairfield County and the State of Con-necticut have lost a titan. We owe a debt of gratitude to Devon and I know I, and many others, will continue to be inspired and guided by her. Her legacy is and will continue to be one of service, love, and dedication. f 
2017 VETERAN’S ASSOCIATE PROGRAM (VAP) 
HON. BRIAN J. MAST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ac-knowledge the patriotic efforts of the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Veteran’s Asso-ciate Program (VAP) and its Executive Spon-sors Andrew Karp and Brian R. Carosielli, as well as William T. Golden, Co-Head of the NY Chapter of the Military Support and Assistance Group, for their steadfast and selfless commit-ment in helping members of the military transi-tion into careers in the financial services in-dustry. Recognizing the unique experience and leadership of our servicemembers, Bank of America Merrill Lynch once again conducted a 10-week rotational program to provide on-the- job training and experience to assist veterans transitioning into the financial services indus-try. Ten veterans from the Army, Air Force, Navy, and Marines participated in this year’s VAP program; all were subsequently offered full-time placement in either the Office of the Chief Financial Officer or the Global Banking and Markets division. Efforts like the VAP at Bank of America Merrill Lynch distinguish the service of the men and women in our military and make our country stronger. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAN M
CETCHIN 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the storied life of one of my constitu-ents, Stanley David McEtchin, better known as Stan. Hailing from Vancouver, British Columbia, Stan passed away on June 9th after 92 years of enriching the lives of those around him. For the past few decades, the small town of Para-dise, CA has known Stan as a pillar of the community whose sculpted metal artwork decorated shops and houses all across Butte County. But before his creative artwork made him a local celebrity, Stan served in an even higher calling, volunteering in his country’s military in World War II. In 1943, Stan volunteered for the First Spe-cial Service Force in the Canadian Army and served as an ammunition supplier and medic. His unit, known as the Devil’s Brigade, was an elite American and Canadian commando unit that preceded modern special operations forces that we have today. In 2014, Stan and the rest of the Devil’s Bri-gade travelled to Washington, D.C., where they were awarded with the Congressional Gold Medal for their heroism during the Sec-ond World War—the highest civilian award in the United States. What makes Stan special is that he is known for his Congressional Gold Medal and for his distinguished military service, but also for his creativity and his artwork that help unite his community. Most people in Paradise, Cali-fornia would surely tell you that his metal art-work adds a distinct personality to his small town. I consider myself fortunate to have known him—and our country fortunate to have gained such a good man from our northern Canadian neighbors. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
HONORING PAUL AND SHERY LOEWEN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Paul and Shery Loewen, from Lakeport, California, upon their retirement from an exemplary career in the field of avia-tion. Mr. Loewen was born in Amarillo, Texas, and moved to southern California with his fam-ily when he was five years old. He attended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JN8.001 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE888 June 23, 2017 
Glendale College where he earned his Air-plane and Powerplant License, learned to fly and met Shery—whom he married in 1964. Mr. and Mrs. Loewen moved to our district in the early 1970s. In 1975, the Loewens estab-lished Lake Aero Styling and Repair, providing dozens of local men and women in our com-munity with highly skilled jobs. Mr. and Mrs. Loewen have sold Lake Aero Styling and Repair and are retiring after dec-ades of developing and selling unique aircraft modifications. They are being honored by the Lake County Airmen’s Association (LCAA) at Lampson Field this summer. Their products have a world-renowned reputation for quality and reliability. Thousands of Mooney Aircraft planes bear one or more of their modifications. These parts proved so successful that the manufacturer, Mooney International, later in-corporated the modifications on its factory models. Additionally, Mooney Aircraft Inter-national awarded Mr. Loewen the Charles Taylor Award, which is an award given to sen-ior mechanics who have led excellent careers. Paul and Shery Loewen are also prominent members of our community. Mr. Loewen served as president of the Lake County Air-men’s Association, and Mrs. Loewen held the role of secretary. While serving as president of the LCAA, Mr. Loewen organized and staged several successful Lampson Field Air Fairs. They have also produced several pilot-ori-ented travel videos entitled Flying the Amer-ica’s. Mr. Speaker, Mr. and Mrs. Loewen have created their own business and have contrib-uted to our Lakeport community as industry leaders, job creators and community volun-teers. It is with great pride that I honor Paul and Shery Loewen today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOEL GOD-DARD FOR HIS OUTSTANDING CAREER AND SERVICE WITH THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Joel Goddard for his career with the United Auto Workers and Ford Motor Company. Mr. Goddard has been an effective advocate for working Americans and labor, and his work has resulted in significant gains for our nation’s autoworkers. Mr. Goddard began his career with Ford Motor Company in 1972, when he joined the company to work at one of the company’s Ohio engine plants. He then moved to Rawsonville, Michigan, where he began as a diecast diemaker. Mr. Goddard earned his first position with the UAW as an Alternate Skilled Trades Committeeman in 1985. As a result of his knowledge of the auto industry and effec-tive advocacy on behalf of his fellow workers, Mr. Goddard moved up in the UAW and served in a variety of high-ranking positions. He was Chairman of the Local 898 UAW branch at Rawsonville and was reelected nine straight times due to his strong leadership. Ad-ditionally, Mr. Goddard served as the UAW National Negotiating Committee’s Chairman from 2002 through 2015, where he rep-resented autoworkers in multiple high-level ne-gotiations and won them lasting improvements in pay and benefits. Mr. Goddard has been an advocate and leader for the UAW throughout his career, and his deep knowledge of the automotive industry and tenacity have served the workers he rep-resented well. As a result of Mr. Goddard’s 25 years of work, the Rawsonville plant continues to provide good-paying jobs to Americans and produce high quality parts for Ford Motor Company. His commitment to a fair deal for UAW workers made him one of the longest serving Plant Chairmen in UAW history, and he continued to deliver wins for the workers he represented in negotiations. Mr. Goddard’s leadership and expertise will be missed as he retires from his current position, and it is my hope that the Rawsonville plant and its work-ers continue to build on his legacy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Joel Goddard. His career with the UAW and Ford has helped preserve Amer-ican jobs and protect our country’s workers. f 
HONORING KAYLA PIPPINS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Cadet Col. Kayla Pippins of Callaway High School who was named the 2017 Jack-son Public Schools JROTC Cadet of the Year. Kayla Pippins serves as the Battalion Com-mander for Callaway’s 4th Battalion Charging Chargers. She holds a 3.25 GPA and has earned a score of 24 on the ACT. She is a model cadet, not only for her battalion but for every cadet in the JROTC program. She has consistently demonstrated profound leadership throughout her four years as a JROTC cadet, earning her schools’ top Leadership Education and Training award for her grade level in her 9th and 11th grade years. Kayla Pippins also serves as President of Callaway’s Jobs for Mississippi Graduates pro-gram, and in 2015, she was selected to rep-resent that program in Washington, D.C., at the Jobs for America’s Graduates National Conference. She is very active in her commu-nity and has assisted in several community service activities such as the New Hope Bap-tist Church Community Health Fair, Cottage Grove Nursing Home visits, Trendsetter Men-tor program for North Jackson Elementary School and Callaway’s Veterans Day program. She also serves as Sunday School Secretary and an usher at her church, Hope Spring Mis-sionary Baptist Church. Cadet Pippins has attended Girls State at the University of Southern Mississippi and the Junior ROTC Cadet Leadership Challenge at Camp Shelby in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. After high school, Cadet Pippins plans to at-tend Tougaloo College and major in social work and to attain a Doctorate degree. Kayla Pippins is the youngest child of Faylena Pippins. The 13th Annual JROTC Cadet of the Year Awards Ceremony was held after a rigorous competition that culminated in an oral presen-tation before a panel of distinguished judges. The Cadet of the Year was announced during this formal banquet. The school-level Cadets of the Year were also honored along with the top performing Leadership Education and Training cadets for each grade level. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Cadet Col. Kayla Pippins for her dedication to serving. f 
HONORING MR. JAY DAVID AGLI 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Jay Agli, who tragically passed away on June 13, 2017 at the age of 17. When his sister was in danger of drowning in the Connecticut River, Jay leapt to action to save her. Jay’s example as a courageous and selfless brother is an in-spiration to all of us. Jay was a native of Meriden, Connecticut and an active young person in his community. He had just finished his junior year of high school at Orville H. Platt High, where he re-cently joined the wrestling team. He was also an enthusiastic volunteer with local groups, helping the Meriden Housing Authority Choice Neighborhood plan activities and joining the Meriden Youth Services teen group. Those close to Jay knew him for his kind and funny nature and his ability to make others laugh and feel welcome. He had a passion for cars and shared a love of art and drawing with his sister. Mr. Speaker, Jay Agli was a bright young member of our community whom we lost too soon. His bravery and selflessness in acting to save his sister speak volumes about his char-acter and willingness to help others. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor his life and memory here today. I extend my deepest condolences to Jay’s family, friends, and all those who loved him. His laughter and love will be missed, but not forgotten. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WILLIAM HENRY ‘‘DOC’’ LONG 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of William Henry ‘‘Doc’’ Long, a veteran of World War II and liberator of France at Ancerviller on November 13, 1944. William Long was a member of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’ and a true patriot. Mr. Long grad-uated from Summerfield High School just eight months before the attack at Pearl Harbor. Throughout his life, Mr. Long was active in his community, church and the trucking industry. To honor his more than 70 years of service to the transportation industry, the American Truck Historical Society recognized Mr. Long with the Golden Achievement Award. He served diligently at his church, Summerfield Peace United Methodist, and on the Summer-field School Committee. He was a 32nd de-gree Mason and Shriner, a lifetime member of the American Legion and the former Vice President of the 315th Regiment of the 79th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.001 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE889 June 23, 2017 
Infantry Division Army Association. Mr. Long was inducted into the French Legion of Honor by a decree of former French President Sarkozy for his decisive role and personal contribution to the liberation of France during World War II. His name is on a monument in the village of Ancerviller, along with other men who fought so bravely to restore freedom. Mr. Long’s numerous achievements and service to his country will not be forgotten. I join with his family, friends, community and the entire Sixth District in remembrance of William Henry ‘‘Doc’’ Long, a true American hero. 
f 
HONORING ISHA WILLIAMS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent at Madison Shannon Palmer High School in Marks, Mississippi. Isha Williams is the daughter of Jamesetta Strong. She is a senior at Madison Shannon Palmer High School. She participates in many activities such as basketball, volleyball, and cheerleading. In addition to her academic and athletic activities, she is a member of the Beta Club. She has received many awards for her outstanding academic performances such as an ACT Scholar (20 or above award for ACT), a Superintendent’s List award, and an Out-standing Achievement award. Her goals and future plans consist of graduating from Basic Combat Training, AIT, and attending the Uni-versity of Mississippi (Ole Miss University) to receive her master’s degree. Not only does she overachieve in school, but Isha also helps out in her community. She has tutored students in her Calculus class and other classmates as well. Isha has tutored ele-mentary students after school on Mondays through Thursdays. She also has helped her friend train and exercise so that she can join the Air Force. She attended a workshop at Mississippi Valley State University, and she helped the instructor by reviewing math prob-lems and explaining each of them to other stu-dents. Isha is an overachiever who has made a difference in helping others. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Isha Williams as a student who is goal oriented and making a difference in her community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. BERTOLINI 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Phil Bertolini of Oakland County, Michigan, for his induction into the prestigious National Chief Information Officer Hall of Fame. Recognized for his outstanding contributions to his field, Mr. Bertolini was selected as one of only nineteen inductees for the Class of 2017. This award is a testament to Mr. Bertolini’s unparalleled ingenuity, his unwaver-ing commitment to excellence and innovation, and his dedication throughout twelve years of service to Oakland County. Since becoming the head of Oakland Coun-ty’s IT department, Mr. Bertolini’s application of new innovative technologies revolutionized the function of county government. Incor-porating programs designed to increase gov-ernment efficiency and communication, Mr. Bertolini and his team has received numerous honors and awards for their work. In 2012, he was recognized as a White House Champion of Change and has even had the opportunity to travel abroad as part of the John F. Ken-nedy School of Government at Harvard Uni-versity. Dedicated to the people of Oakland County, Mr. Bertolini has built his career on his devo-tion to serving others, and, understanding the responsibility and leadership required, he did not waiver in taking on this important Chief In-formation Officer role on behalf of his fellow citizens. Mr. Bertolini’s induction into the Chief Infor-mation Officer Hall of Fame is a great honor for not only him, but Oakland County and the great State of Michigan. He should be seen as an example of an ideal public servant, one who puts the needs of his community before his own. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my ut-most gratitude and congratulations to Mr. Bertolini as his hard work, service, and out-standing performance receives the nationwide recognition that it deserves. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE TRENTON TRIB FOR ITS SUCCESS ON THE DATE OF ITS NEW OFFICE OPEN-ING 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the writers and staff at the Trenton Trib for their work providing state and local news to the Downriver community. The news-paper provides important coverage of events and editorial perspectives to Trenton and resi-dents in nearby areas. Founded in 2010, the Trenton Trib is a monthly newspaper that covers current events and distributes information about the City of Trenton and the surrounding areas. The news-paper has grown and developed a loyal fol-lowing since its establishment, and today boasts a monthly circulation of approximately 10,000 to residents and businesses through-out Trenton. The Trib covers local issues, in-cluding achievements by residents and events like the annual Trenton Summer Festival. The paper’s columnists, Kathy Kane and Joe Hoshaw, also contribute original content and perspectives to provide context to issues fac-ing the city. Additionally, the Trib issues an annual ‘‘Goodfellows’’ newspaper whose pro-ceeds provide gifts and food to those in need during the holidays. Collectively, these efforts have helped inform the public while serving the community at large. The Trenton Trib has filled a crucial need in Downriver by providing regular community-ori-ented news to area residents and businesses. The monthly publication both informs residents by providing unique local coverage and per-spectives from Trenton residents and helps address issues in the community through its philanthropic initiatives. The growth and devel-opment of the Trenton Trib has enabled it to provide better coverage of area events while increasing circulation to better serve the city. The success of the publication is a credit to the hard work of the Trib’s staff and under-scores the continuing demand for high-quality local news, and it is my hope that the news-paper continues to effectively serve the area’s residents in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Trenton Trib. The Trib’s staff have served the community well through their coverage of local news and events. f 
STRENGTHENING CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 22, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my deep concerns with H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for 21st Century Act, also referred to as the CTE Reauthorization Act. This bill reauthorizes the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act of 2006 (Perkins Act) to help more Americans enter the workforce with the skills necessary to com-pete for and succeed in high-skilled, in-de-mand careers. The bill also makes several other changes and funding modifications to the current program. Louisiana highly values vocational and tech-nical education and includes these skills in all public schools. These contributions are vital to Louisiana’s Fourth Congressional District. With more than 25 schools in our district focused on careers in technical education, I am proud to represent many hardworking Louisianians who are skilled in hands-on labor. For these reasons, I cannot in good conscience support this bill knowing it could result in Louisiana losing critical funding over the next several years. As well-intended as this legislation may be, it will not benefit all states equally. A study conducted by the Congressional Research Service examined the bill’s modified formula for allocating grants under the Perkins Basic State Grants Program, and found that Lou-isiana will lose money in nearly every scenario it calculated. In fact, according to this analysis, Louisiana would face some of the most signifi-cant decreases among all states in each sce-nario examined. Decreasing our state’s fund-ing level for technical career education would be a great detriment to our efforts and exactly the opposite of what H.R. 2353 is intended to do. Mr. Speaker, it is with great concern that I oppose the current CTE Reauthorization Act. I believe we can do better by the constituents in Louisiana’s highly-skilled workforce. Moving forward, I will do everything in my power to work for our students and teachers of the technical education field to ensure they are not left behind and are provided the resources they need to keep our communities strong and our economy growing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.005 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE890 June 23, 2017 
HONORING THE LATE MR. L. PIERCE CARSON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late L. Pierce Carson. He passed away on May 20, 2017 at the age of 76. He was an impressive journalist who had a remarkable career at the Napa Valley Register. He possessed a cheerful and ener-getic personality in the Napa community and was a champion for local food, wine and art. Pierce was born in Trenton, New Jersey in 1940 and attended Temple University in Phila-delphia, Pennsylvania before serving our country in Vietnam from 1965 to 1966. After returning home, he began his career with the Napa Valley Register, a position he held for nearly fifty years before his passing last month. He will be remembered as a mentor of young journalists and for his sponsorship of the Tri-High Gazette, a student run section of the Register. Mr. Carson wrote about and loved Napa. In recent years, he found a sec-ond home in Prague where he enjoyed living part of each year. In his nearly fifty years of work as a jour-nalist, Mr. Carson showed himself to be a friend and champion of Napa Valley food, wine and art. For many years, he served on the board of the Napa Valley Symphony and made it his priority to review their perform-ances. Pierce could always be counted on to lend his writing talents to good causes. Over a twenty-five year period he volunteered for the Napa Valley Academy Awards party to raise funds and awareness for AIDS and HIV prevention and treatment. Mr. Speaker, Pierce Carson was generous, kind and an excellent writer. He brought our Napa Valley community together. His news-paper stories taught us the value of friendship, culture, generosity and good wine. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor his life and legacy here today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DEDICA-TION AND SERVICE OF ERNIE ANASTOS 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a widely respected public servant who is set to retire on June 30th. Through his inspirational leadership he has touched the lives of thousands of students in San Diego County. It is fitting that at this time, as we celebrate the graduation of thousands of students across the nation, that I should rise to speak of Superintendent Ernest (Ernie) Anastos. Ernie is a graduate of Brandeis University, and holds a master’s degree in Special Edu-cation from Bridgewater State College. He has been a dedicated educator for over 45 years. Ernie’s life of public service began in 1972, as an elementary school teacher. His years of experience lent to a successful transition into school administration. He served Sweetwater Union High School District for 20 years, working at Chula Vista High School, Hill Top High School, and Mar Vista High School. Ernie was named principal to National City Middle School in 1992, and to Rancho del Rey Middle School in 1997. Under his direction, both schools achieved the title of California Distinguished Schools. His time at Sweetwater Union High School District also included a term as the Area Su-perintendent in charge of Instructional Support Services and Student Support Services from 2002 to 2005. Ernie was named the Superintendent of Lemon Grove School District in 2005. On April 28th, 2017, the Association of California School Administrators named Ernie as Super-intendent of the Year in the San Diego and Imperial Counties. Under his leadership, Lemon Grove School District has created a number of highly suc-cessful, specialized schools including the Dual Immersion Academy at Mount Vernon Ele-mentary, the San Miguel Arts Academy, and the Lemon Grove Academy of Sciences and Humanities. Ernie has been a stalwart in the push for quality public education. The Lemon Grove Academy campus is an example of the success that arose as a result of Ernie’s inventiveness. Ernie sought to cre-ate schools that could serve as community centers. Through a partnership with UC San Diego, and the Lemon Grove Library, a joint- use facility was created which featured med-ical and dental clinics to serve students and their families. As I reflect on Ernie’s career, I am inspired by his dedication to promoting student achievement. I am truly encouraged by his commitment to bettering the lives of those around him. Ernie’s dedication to students, commitment to excellence, and ingenuity truly made him a remarkable leader. Under his guidance, Lemon Grove School District has emerged as a mecca for innovative education. I wish him congratulations on his upcoming retirement. f 
HONORING ARMY SPECIALIST HOWARD HERMAN HARGROVE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the memory of a re-markable person, U.S. Army Specialist 7 Re-tired Howard Herman Hargrove. A native of Manson County, North Carolina, Spec 7 Hargrove moved to Mississippi in De-cember 2005 to be near his only daughter, Gail Hargrove Marshall Brown. The late Spec 7 Retired Hargrove was a dedicated resident of the Second Congressional District in Clin-ton, Mississippi for five years. Spec 7 Hargrove took great pride in exer-cising his right to vote and in serving his coun-try. He served in the United States Army from January 14, 1948 to March 31, 1972 on sev-eral tours of duty. His military service included the Korean Conflict, from 1950 to 1951 with the 25th Infantry Division, U.S. Army Field Ar-tillery Battalion and the Vietnam War where he served two tours in Vietnam and was proud to be honorably discharged without ‘‘a scratch or a wound’’. Spec 7 Hargrove was among the thousands of Korean War Veterans who gathered in Washington, D.C. at the Pentagon on June 30, 2000. The ceremony was held at the Ko-rean War Memorial on the National Mall to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of that war. The veterans were honored by President Bill Clinton who told them that this nation will never forget their bravery, service and sac-rifice. During his time as a Clinton, Mississippi resident, Spec 7 Hargrove actively attended Holy Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Jackson, Mississippi, pastored by the first fe-male pastor of a Missionary Baptist Church in Jackson, Mississippi, Rev. Dr. Audrey Lynne Hall, who affectionately referred to him as ‘‘Papa Hargrove.’’ During one of the church’s Men’s Day programs on Father’s Day, Har-grove was recognized by the Pastor and the Church as its ‘‘Oldest Father’’. As a member of Holy Temple, he contrib-uted generously to the church financially. Dur-ing a time when the small, but growing church’s Kitchen Ministry was in need of a new stove, Spec 7 Hargrove found it in his heart to purchase a commercial stove for the church which is still being used by the Kitchen Ministry today. He also contributed financially to a Metro-Jackson Karate program at one of the local YMCA. A quiet, friendly man, who believed heavily in the love and unity of family, Spec 7 Har-grove succumbed to complications due to Alz-heimer’s on June 27, 2010 at 2:30 a.m. in the VA Medical Center (Hospice Unit) in Jackson, MS. He had battled the horrific Alzheimer’s disease for nearly half a decade. His daughter, Gail, salutes his memory and legacy by being a strong advocate in the fight against Alzheimer’s. She said, although he had forgotten who she was before he de-ceased, he never forgot the fact that he had proudly served his country in the military. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the late Specialist 7 Howard Herman Hargrove as a remarkable person who made a difference in his community and our country. f 
IN MEMORY OF HORACE SELLERS MERRILL 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the life of Mr. Horace Sellers Merrill of Heflin, Ala-bama. Mr. Merrill passed away on February 17, 2017 at the age of 80. Horace was born on October 15, 1936 in Micaville to Emory Joseph and Grace Allen Merrill. He graduated from Cleburne County High School in 1954 lettering in baseball and football. He attended Southern Union Junior College in Wadley, Alabama on an athletic scholarship until an automobile accident ended his athletic career in 1957. Horace started work at Dixie Mines Mica Mining Company and married Mary Inez Thompson of Anniston, Alabama on June 1, 1963. Mr. Merrill always held a strong interest in politics. In 1964, he was elected Circuit Clerk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.010 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE891 June 23, 2017 
of Cleburne County and served for 12 years. During this time, he participated in the Lions Club, Jaycees and Athletic Boosters Club and was president of each. He also assisted in the organization of the first youth baseball pro-gram in Heflin, where he officiated and coached in the 1960s and 1970s and was the public address announcer for Little League Football and junior high football games. After completing two terms as Circuit Clerk, he was elected Probate Judge and Chairman of the Cleburne County Commission in 1976, a position he held for one six-year term. While serving as Probate Judge, he led the effort to purchase land and develop plans for the con-struction of the State of Alabama Welcome Center and Rest Area on I–20. He had a vi-sion for a county-wide water system to service all citizens of Cleburne County through the Dyne Creek Watershed project that was sup-ported by Congressman Bill Nichols and Sen-ator Howell Heflin that he was not able to complete before the end of this term. Mr. Merrill was an active participant in the Cleburne Baptist Association, and served as an officer and pastor of several churches. His pastorates included Happy Hill, Cedar Creek, Pinetucky (Interim), Chulafinnee and Edwardsville Baptist Churches. As a member of Heflin Baptist for over 50 years, Mr. Merrill served as a Deacon, Sunday School Super-intendent, Sunday School Teacher, Church Training Director and Sanctuary Choir mem-ber. Horace and Mary enjoyed 53 years of mar-riage and were blessed with two children and four grandchildren: Alabama Secretary of State John Harold Merrill (Cindy) and Audrey Merrill Gillis (Stephen), Pelham Brooks Merrill, Alexandra Grace Merrill, Mary Kathryn Gillis and Sarah Sellers Gillis. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the life of Horace Merrill. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCTION FROM ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER FACILITIES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 20, 2017 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1551, which improves the Section 45(J) nuclear production tax credit (NPTC), as authorized by the Energy Policy Act of 2005. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation and thank Congress-man R
ICEof South Carolina and Congress-man B
LUMENAUER of Oregon for their leader-ship on this issue. The NPTC encourages the development of advanced nuclear power plants that make strides in safety and reliability but is limited to the first 6,000 megawatts of new generating capacity constructed by 2020. Since passage of the Act, more advanced reactors, including small modular reactors (SMRs), have moved steadily through the research and develop-ment stage and could be ready for commercial deployment by the middle of the next decade. Once approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), these technologies will provide reliable, carbon-free baseload elec-tricity with safety features that nearly eliminate the possibility of a radiological release. The first SMRs in the United States will most likely be in the West. Arizona energy providers like the Salt River Project and Arizona Public Service are both evaluating the potential use of small modular reactors as they replace aging generation capacity. When the NPTC expires in 2020, it will likely do so without reaching the megawatt cap. H.R. 1551 makes the remaining credit avail-able beyond 2020, providing a powerful incen-tive for the next generation of advanced nu-clear and SMR projects. I strongly support these efforts and encourage you to consider the positive impact these changes would have on incentivizing a new generation of safe, reli-able, and carbon-free advanced nuclear power. I urge my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan legislation and to move America toward energy independence. f 
HONORING L. J. ‘‘JAY’’ TEMPLETON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. L. J. ‘‘Jay’’ Templeton upon the occasion of his retirement as the Ex-ecutive Director of the Boys and Girls Club of St. Helena and Calistoga. Mr. Templeton has dedicated his career to serving young people, and has had a tremendous impact on our community. A native of Washington State, Mr. Templeton graduated from Glacier High School and received his Bachelor of Arts in History from the University of Washington in 1973. Mr. Templeton began working for the Boys and Girls Clubs in 1969. He has held nearly every position in the organization, from a rank-and-file program assistant to the high-est leadership roles. He became Executive Di-rector of the St. Helena and Calistoga Clubs in 2012. Mr. Templeton received the Masters and Mentors Award in 2013 based on his contribu-tion to the Boys and Girls Clubs movement over a sustained period, successful mentoring of Academy members, and demonstrated ex-cellence in the Boys & Girls Clubs profession. Mr. Templeton is retiring not only as the Ex-ecutive Director of the St. Helena and Calistoga Clubs, but from a 47-year career with the Boys and Girls Clubs of America. He is a model professional and executive—always keeping his focus on planning, development, leadership, and programming. He has re-ceived numerous awards and accolades over the course of his career. He has influenced the lives of thousands of children who have grown to become productive members of their own communities. Mr. Speaker, Jay Templeton has led a dedi-cated and distinguished career with the Boys and Girls Clubs of America. I am proud to have such a man working and living in our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL DAVID E. WILMOT HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service of Major General David E. Wilmot of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation. General Wilmot distinguished himself through exceptionally meritorious service from October 24th, 1985 to July 30th, 2017, while serving as an Assistant Surgeon General and National Guard Bureau Surgeon, Headquarters Depart-ment of the Army. His lasting contributions include an exem-plary career as a family practice physician, flight surgeon, commander, and deputy head-quarters surgeon, in numerous assignments across the Active and National Guard compo-nents of the U.S. Army. He quickly established himself as a unique combination of Soldier, leader, clinician, and key strategic thinker, cul-minating in service as the Assistant Surgeon General/Deputy Chief of Staff, Quality and Safety for U.S. Army Medical Command/Office of the Surgeon General, a position he was hand selected for. His singular Warrior centered focus on re-ducing harm and enhancing the quality care through compassion, excellence, transparency and accountability resulted in better and safer care for Military Health System beneficiaries across the globe. He performed with consum-mate distinction in all of his assignments, the impact of which stems from his capacity as a proven senior healthcare executive, and dog-ged champion for quality care and patient safety. The distinguished accomplishments of General Wilmot culminate a long and distin-guished career in the service of his country and reflect great credit upon him, the Army Medical Department, the United States Army and the Department of Defense. General Wilmot is a native of Brownsburg, Indiana and married to Mrs. Lori Wilmot. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service of Major General David E. Wilmot as he and his family proceed to the next chapter in his remarkable career and continue to serve our great Nation. 
f 
HONORING MR. DAMIEN GREEN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable young man, Mr. Damien Green of Clinton, Mis-sissippi. Damien Green was born on October 15, 1999 to Ms. Jessica Green. He’s currently a member of Jackson Revival Center Church, where he serves on the Media Team. He is a part-time employee at Metro 24 Bowling Cen-ter and MS Braves. During his spare time, Damien enjoys bowling and traveling. Damien, a 2017 graduate of Clinton High School, was the Captain of the Bowling Team (Clinton Kingpins) and the Director of Football Operations of Clinton High School’s 2016 to 2017 6A–State Championship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.013 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE892 June 23, 2017 
With such honor, Damien has signed the first Bowling Scholarship ever given at Clinton High School (Clinton, MS). He will attend Blue Mountain College in Blue Mountain, MS, where he will major in Mathematics. Damien learned the sport from his grand-father, Gregory Green. Greg, an accomplished bowler in his own right, is the Owner of Metro 24 Bowling Center (formerly the Cotton Bowl Lanes) on Lynch Street. Damien has been bowling seriously since he was 10 years old and has been on the Clinton Bowling Team since the 7th grade. Damien’s bowling aver-age is in the low 200, personal best is 277 and a perfect score is 300. Damien is ranked the No. 2 bowler in the district and the No. 6 bowler in the State of MS. With so many ac-complishments over his years, he was award-ed the Highest Average and Team Leader of Clinton High School’s Bowling Team. Damien’s bowling Coach, Charlie Melton said, ‘‘Damien has been making a name for himself for the past couple of years’’. Coach Melton went on to say that the scholarship is a ‘‘huge incentive’’ for other members of the bowling team as it will make them work harder to achieve the same accomplishment. Of the scholarship, Damien said ‘‘It gives me an op-portunity to do something that I love, and I am going to take advantage of that opportunity. It shows that my hard work did not go to waste.’’ With a cheering and supportive family, school district and church family, Damien is excited about doing his best. He tells his mom constantly that ‘‘The best is yet to come,’’ and she is definitely his number one fan. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Damien Green for all of his hard work, leadership, accomplishments and becoming a part of history, here in the Second Congressional District of Mississippi. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND SAC-RIFICE OF MR. JEFFERY M. SANDERS, A RESIDENT AND FIREFIGHTER IN MAYVIEW, MO 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true and selfless public servant whose life was tragically taken before his time. Mr. Jeffery Sanders, a lifelong Mayview, Missouri resident and Mayview firefighter was killed in the line of duty on Monday, June 19, 2017, following an on scene accident while wrapping up another call alongside a state highway. I will be praying throughout the coming days for his family, friends, and our community during this difficult time, as well as for Mr. Jacob Hayward, a fellow Mayview firefighter seriously injured in the same heartbreaking accident. Jeff was well known in the close-knit com-munity of two hundred residents, having been a farmer in Mayview all of his life. He and his wife, Connie, raised two wonderful children who continue to live in Lafayette County in Missouri’s Fifth Congressional District. Al-though he was most proud of being a good husband, father, and grandfather, for more than thirty years, Mr. Sanders dedicated much of his time to the Mayview Fire Protection Dis-trict. He could always be counted on to make a fire call and help someone in need. In all of his activities, Mr. Sanders dem-onstrated his dedication and commitment to the greater good of others. He was actively in-volved with the Mayview Lions Club, the Mayview area 4H, the Antique Tractor Club, and the Odessa FFA Advisory Board. Along with his work as a volunteer firefighter with the Mayview Fire Protection District, he also spent time serving on the Mayview Special Road District. While it is impossible for mere words to cap-ture the essence of a person’s life, for these reasons and many more, it is my privilege to honor and celebrate the life of Mr. Jeffery Sanders. Mr. Speaker, please join me and our colleagues in expressing our deepest and heartfelt sympathies to Connie, all of the Sanders family, the members of the Mayview Fire Protection District, and the community of Mayview for their loss. We join together to honor his professionalism and sacrifice and express our appreciation for his endless com-mitment to serving the residents of Mayview and the State of Missouri. He was an unparal-leled role model to his family, peers and the entire Lafayette County community and we are better because of his life with us. f 
RECOGNIZING MASTER SERGEANT SCOTT FORBES 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Master Sergeant Scott Forbes from Melrose, Massachusetts. On June 27, 2017, Master Sergeant Forbes will retire from the Air Force Reserve after 22 years of service to his country and his com-munity. During his service, Scott was deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan. He most recently served with the 58th Aerial Port Squadron at Westover Air Base as an air transportation craftsman. Scott, his wife Susan, and their children Abygail and Jackson are valued members of our Melrose community. Scott and Susan grew up in Melrose, where they both attended high school. As a young man, Scott decided he would continue the tradition of service passed on by his late father Bill Forbes, who fought for the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War. The Forbes family tradition of service ex-tends beyond their military contributions. Today, just as his father before him, Scott continues to serve families in our community as an alderman in Melrose. Scott, Susan, and the entire Forbes family exemplify the contributions of generations of service members and military families who have protected our country and continue to make our communities great places to live, work and raise a family. 
f 
HONORING GREATER FAIRVIEW MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the congregation of the Fairview M.B. Church which was orga-nized in 1918, under the leadership of the late Rev. Mark Burns; in an old store-front building on the corner of Amite and Jefferson Streets. Following the lead of the Holy Spirit and with bare necessities such as wooden apple boxes and planks for seating, Rev. Burns moved forward with (2) deacons, Bro. Jeff Mason and Bro. John Camel; a church clerk, Sis. Ella Patton, and following her death Sis. Olive Patton. After 6 years of hard work and self-sacrifice by the faithful few, enough mon-ies were raised to purchase a lot on Mis-sissippi Street from M.A. Lewis. By 1924, the membership had grown to about 25 members and the church was officially built. Rev. Burns was called to another assign-ment, and the late Rev. Willie Pickens, was called to carry on many unfinished task. He was a very good orator and the church grew mightily under his leadership. Following Rev. Pickens, the late Rev. N. Trouvillion, was called to service for a short time, and then came a Rev. Jackson. In 1930, the Rev. F. W. Coleman was called as pastor. He was a young dynamic man just beginning in the min-istry. During his 14 years of service, much was accomplished; different auxiliaries were organized, and many more souls were added to the church. Directly following Rev. Cole-man, the Rev. R. L. Varnado former pastor of Ridley Hill Baptist Church of Madison County was elected and served 8 years of which the church continued to grow in souls and fi-nances. In 1953, the Rev. R. H. Walls, former pastor of Pilgrim’s Rest Baptist Church of Madison, succeeded Rev. Varnado. During his tenure, the church roofing was updated, the siding painted, a walk-way was installed, and an organ and piano were purchased. The Dea-cons Ministry grew under the beginning ad-ministration as followed: Brothers Jess Moss, John Camel, Sam Patton, Hemphill, Alforna Lewis, Charlie Spencer, Harvey Miles, Buster Jones, Joseph Walker, Vertis Kersh, Cleve-land Jorner, and Albert Smith. On April 27, 1962 by the Spirit of God lead-ing, the Fairview church called Rev. S.L. Spann, Sr. as pastor. Through the mighty hand of God he led the church from the build-ing on Mississippi Street to 2545 Newport Street. Just a little over a year later that build-ing was upgraded and the original 65 mem-bers that came from Mississippi Street were now 300 strong. After settlement on Newport Street, Fairview Church began to really grow and the name was changed to Greater Fairview Missionary Baptist Church. Through the leadership and teachings of Pastor Spann, the Word of God was being planted deeply in the hearts of men and they were being urged not to just con-gregate but to participate; to use the talents God had bestowed upon them in love and with purpose. Many new ministries were estab-lished to accommodate and involve everyone in this newly growing fellowship. The needs were met through the establishment of Ma-tron’s and Junior Matron’s League, Juniors Usher Board, Laymen’s and Jr. Laymen’s As-sociation, Missionary Society and the YWA Association, all training tools for the young people. The Sunday school grew to 10 indi-vidual teaching classrooms. Rev. Spann un-derstood the importance of proper training and in order to reap a productive harvest someone had to plant the ‘‘Right(eous) Seeds’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.017 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE893 June 23, 2017 
To aid in priming the soil for planting of the Word, soul stirring music was needed, so sev-eral choirs were established: The Senior Choir, under the direction of the late Sis. Re-becca Jordan; the Youth and Junior Choirs were led by Sis. Lannie Spann; and Sis. Mary Davis was pianist for the Male Chorus and Chancel Choir, which later became the Inspi-rational Choir. The church also in-acted an After-School Tutorial Program, led by the late Bro. George Coleman, then by Sis. Velma Spann, and finally by Deacon Charles Smith. The students were not only taught the 3R’s but also offered a holistic approach to their student studies. Greater Fairview became a true source of spiritual revitalization for the Shady Oaks com-munity and the people that were being drawn through her doors by the pure God-given preaching of Pastor Spann, and the strong spiritual messages through songs sung by the choirs, and all the teachings through love were aids in growing this congregation. The Young Adult Choir was a great draw to the commu-nity and church alike; recording its’ first album in 1973 and touring the country representing Christ and the church respectively. Greater Fairview continued to grow in leaps and bounds and the unadulterated word of God continued to come forth encouraging, ad-monishing, and changing the lives of many. Under Spann’s leadership many Sons were called, nurtured, and equipped for service using Godly precepts, fatherly teachings. and examples, they are as follows: the late Rev. Annia Collier, the late Rev. John Hunter, Rev. S.L. Jamison, Rev. Timothy Taylor, the late Rev. Ray Bowman, Rev. H. L. Sylvester, Rev. Robert Clark, Rev. Lonnie Wesley, the late Rev. Keith Brooks, Rev. Christopher Golden, Rev. Kenneth Whitten, Rev. Charlie Jackson, Rev. Johnny Smith, Rev. Bobby Burks, Rev. Willie McDowell, Rev. Dr. John McCarty, Rev. Larry Davidson, Rev. Matthew R. Spann, Rev. Charles Bell, Rev. Charles H. Spann, Rev. Fredrick Green, and Rev. Frederick Hanskins. In 1992, Dr. Spann was led by the Holy Ghost to build a new sanctuary, and the project began with total support from the church and its leaders. The building was dedi-cated the 3rd Sunday in October 1995. Many said that Dr. Spann was too old for such a great undertaking, and that he probably wouldn’t see it come to fruition. But, to the dis-may of many he did see it and led the con-gregation into the new church on that rainy October day in 1995, and brought many stir-ring messages for another 4 years, until retire-ment in 1999. During the period of Dr. Spann’s; honorable position as Pastor Emeritus, Rev. Charles H. Spann served as Interim pastor of the church for approximately fifteen (15) months. Fol-lowing the formation of a Search Committee by the church; who was charged with the re-sponsibility of selecting a new pastor. Rev. Charles Bell and Rev. Bobby Burks served to-gether as Pulpit Facilitators. Amazingly, these temporal positions for these three (3) Sons of the House provided them with leadership ex-perience and ultimately prepared them; for they were soon called to serve at churches of their own. The words, ‘‘A Church Where Love Prevails over Hate.’’ became more prevalent in the process to find a new leader. As in life when assigmnents are complete they must all move on, and Pastor Spann’s assignments were completed on November 9, 2001 after 38 years of service to Greater Fair-view Church, the Shady Oaks Community, and the State of Mississippi. He was called home to a just reward, leaving the church sad-den yet rejoicing in the fact that they had been taught how to love each other to an un-meas-urable magnitude, and in the midst of sorrow his teachings could be accessed to help them through the dark hour. But feeling the dis-connect, just 9 months later in August 2002, God called Mother Spann home too, leaving the church with a legacy of memories of a hallmark of quiet, gracious, and humble char-acters in the midst of servitude. After an arduous process of fasting, praying, and listening to several candidates for pastor, it was decided by a vote that Rev. Danny R. Hollins, a native of Pocahontas, MS and the tenured pastor of Cedar Grove Baptist Church, become the next leader, the majority con-ceded and he was elected. Rev. Danny R. Hollins preached his first sermon on the 5th Sunday of July 2001 and was installed as pastor on the third Sunday in October of that same year. Greater Fairview grew over the next few years as the word con-tinued to go forth. They never lost our vision and zeal for ministry and many other min-istries were added. In 2004 the church purchased 34 acres of land on Boling Street for future development. During the 2005 Hurricane Katrina aftermath, the church became a refuge center, and pro-vided shelter for 60 members of one family from Slidell, La. and later to a Hispanic family, from Houston, Texas, when Hurricane Rita hit in September of that same year. The creed of ‘‘Meeting people where they are.’’ was truly tested and taken to the limits while helping neighbors. The Church adopted in 2006 Johnson Ele-mentary School, Morrison Academic Advance-ment Center in 2007, Dawson Elementary and Northwest Middle Schools in 2010, and also became a satellite program with the Con-tinuing Adult Education Program, of Jackson State University, where many of the members obtained a college degree. Finally, in October of 2010, ground was broken for the long an-ticipated development. The Fairview Learning Academy, along with the Recreational Out-reach Center, was built. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Greater Fairview Missionary Baptist Church. 
f 
CONGRATULATING QUALITY OF LIFE HEALTH SERVICES, INC. ON ITS FORTIETH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, today I rec-ognize the Quality of Life Health Services (QOLHS) on the occasion of its 40th anniver-sary. This Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC), was founded by Dr. Roberta O. Watts to provide health care to the most vul-nerable populations. QOLHS, based m Gadsden, Alabama, is the state’s largest community health program. The organization’s network extends from the north-ern area of Alabama in Geraldine to Phenix City in the southeastern corner of Alabama. QOLHS’s network consists of 24 health cen-ters. Fifteen of those locations are in Ala-bama’s Fourth Congressional District—which I am honored to represent. I am proud to be a long-time supporter of QOLHS, helping to support numourous federal grants, attending the groundbreaking and grand opening of a school-based program in Gadsden, and joining in other events over the years. Quality of Life serves over 55,000 patients each year and shows a profound commitment to the communities it serves. Let me end by congratulating Dr. Watts for her years of dedi-cation, and a very special congratulations to Wayne Rowe—who has served as CEO for the past 35 years. I look forward to continuing to work with QOLHS in the future. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE JUSTIN SMITH MORRILL CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Justin Smith Morrill Congres-sional Gold Medal Act of 2016. This legislation would honor a true American hero by post-humously awarding the Honorable Justin Smith Morrill with the Congressional Gold Medal. Mr. Morrill was elected to six terms in the U.S. House of Representatives and six terms in the United States Senate, making him the longest serving Member of Congress in the 19th Century. During his tenure, he chaired the House Committee on Ways and Means, the Senate Committee on Finance, and the Senate Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds. As Chairman of the Senate Committee on Buildings and Grounds, he served as the principle advocate for financing and constructing the Thomas Jefferson Build-ing of the Library of Congress and planned the location of the U.S. Supreme Court Building. He also raised funds to complete the then-un-finished Washington Monument and advo-cated for the Smithsonian Institution through-out his service in Congress. His greatest achievement was authoring the Morrill Act of 1862, which created the land- grant university system. Today, land-grant col-leges and universities award nearly 1 million degrees annually and perform more than $37 billion in research. Additionally, almost 30 years later, Senator Morrill authored the Morrill Act of 1890, which created the flourishing sys-tem of historically Black land-grant colleges and universities. I am proud to be a graduate of Washington State University, in my humble opinion, the premier land-grant university in Senator Morrill’s system. I have seen first- hand how the system of colleges and univer-sities created by Senator Morrill has changed countless lives and shaped communities across the nation. Justin Smith Morrill is a man who has pro-vided generations and millions of Americans— particularly those from working class families and rural communities—with access to higher education throughout the nation. His achieve-ments have inspired American history, values, and culture, and will be recognized and hon-ored by generations to come. For these rea-sons, and many others, I urge all members to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.020 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE894 June 23, 2017 
join me in supporting this legislation to bestow Senator Justin Smith Morrill with a Congres-sional Gold Medal, a fitting honor for a great American hero. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RAYMOND V. WALENDZAK 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Raymond V. Walendzak, who served for over 20 years as the Chief of the Oregon Fire Department. Ray passed away in his Oregon home surrounded by his family on June 7, 2017. Ray was born in Toledo, Ohio on Sep-tember 27, 1941 to Joan and Stanley Walendzak. He played football and wrestled for Clay High School, from which he grad-uated in 1959. Ray continued his education at Findlay College, and then joined the United States Air Force and served in West Ger-many. In 1968, Ray became an Oregon firefighter, where he began his service in the depart-ment’s maintenance division, became a fire prevention officer, a district chief, and the as-sistant chief. Ray’s father also served as a firefighter, which helped Ray bridge the dif-ferences between the different generations who were serving as firefighters. He appre-ciated the traditions of fire service, and also the need to modernize fire service with tech-nology. Ray became Fire Chief in 1986 and retired in 2007 for a total of 39 years of fire service. While Fire Chief, Ray made sure his depart-ment was current in training and technology, and made sure that the department had the right equipment. Ray has said that his biggest achievement was getting a fire training facility built in Oregon. His passion about the fire-fighting commu-nity led him to serve its various organizations which include serving as the past president of the Ohio Fire Chiefs Association, Lucas Coun-ty Fire Chiefs Association, Oregon Fire Fight-ers Association, Ottawa County Fireman’s As-sociation, and, for over 26 years, as past president and secretary of the Northwest Ohio Volunteer Fire Association. He had received the Ohio Fire Chiefs’ Asso-ciation’s Distinguished Service Award, and was inducted into the Ohio Fire Service Hall of Fame. Ray served as a Governor appointee to the State of the Ohio Board of Emergency Medical Services for 12 years. He was in-ducted into the Clay High School Hall of Fame in 2014. Ray’s commitment to his community did not just stop with the fire department—it extended through his service to his church, St. Ignatius, and through many of the civic organizations he was a member of: the American Legion Christ Dunberger Post No. 537, Knights of Co-lumbus, Swiss Club at the GAF, and the Clay Boosters. Ray dedicated an enormous amount of time to the youth of his community, where he was a longtime coach of youth baseball through the Oregon Recreation Department. Ray also served as a football coach at Oregon Clay High School. His dedication to the young members of his community led him to run for four terms on the Oregon Board of Education where he also served as Board President. Ray will be remembered for his dedication to his chosen profession of Fire Fighting and for his dedication to the Oregon community at large. We offer Ray’s children, Dean, Donald and Dennis, his six grandchildren, his family and friends, our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonderful memories of what Ray had meant to each of the institutions that he served. 
f 
HONORING THE REMARKABLE MT. MORIAH BAPTIST UNION ASSO-CIATION 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the remarkable histor-ical Mt. Moriah Baptist Union Association. The Mt. Moriah Baptist Union Association was organized in 1908, by Dr. C.P. Bohannon and he served as the first moderator for the Mt. Moriah MB Union Association for twenty- three years. Thirty congregations united them-selves together in an effort to keep alive the hope of a people for the work of service to our Lord has been the strength of this body. To-gether, we can accomplish what one con-gregation may not achieve alone. Therefore, strength is generated through unity. The association represented in the National Baptist Convention, USA, INC., the General Baptist State Convention and Moderator Bohannon Challenged the local churches of Mt. Moriah by say ‘‘our missionary activities in foreign land carried on.’’ Moderator Bohannon passed in 1939 and vice moderator A.M. Rob-ert completed his term. Other moderators fol-lowed; Rev. William H. Turner (upon his death, Rev. B.J. Edwards, as Vice-Moderator, carried out his term); Rev. J.C. Batteast, Rev. J.C. Hentz, Rev. Amos Sims and the newly elect, Rev. Larry Hervey. In May 1972, Sarah Kimble donated land to the Mt. Moriah District Baptist Association. In July 1982, Moderator Batteast led the association in the purchase of the Davidson Elementary School building in Water Valley to serve as a site for the work of the Association. The facility served the Asso-ciation’s for 18 years. In March of 1999, the Association Board, under the leadership of Moderator J.C. Hentz, made the decision to build a new head-quarters on the land donated by Mrs. Sarah Kimble. The vision of the forefathers has be-come a reality. The Mt. Moriah District Mis-sionary Baptist Association headquarters was erected in 2000. On May 2008, the Associa-tion building was destroyed by fire. Mt. Moriah District Missionary headquarters was rebuilt in 2009 under the leadership of Moderator Sims, and stands today as a testimony of the power of vision among God’s people. In recognition of the challenging need of en-listment of ever growing constituency of the Baptist Churches affiliated with the General Missionary Baptist State Convention, USA, for the purpose of developing a strong and sound progressive denomination to fulfill the ‘‘Great Commission’’ enunciated by Jesus Christ, the head of the church. We, the messenger of the Mount Moriah District Missionary Baptist Asso-ciation pledge its future to carrying forward of programs of religious educational training in church membership, evangelism and mission as sponsored by the General Missionary Bap-tist State Convention of Mississippi, through its several boards/committees. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Mt. Moriah Baptist Union Association for their dedication and out-standing service to their communities. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. LUKE’S EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN LANESBOROUGH, MASSACHU-SETTS 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to recognize St. Luke’s Episcopal Church in Lanesborough, Massachusetts as they celebrate their 250th Anniversary on June 25th. The continued dedication of the con-gregation of St. Luke’s was pivotal in the church becoming the oldest active Episcopal parish in Western Massachusetts. The origins of St. Luke’s Episcopal Church begin in 1767 when a small group of Church of England members would meet in a private home to worship together. From there they moved to a school house where they contin-ued their worship until they were able to move their small congregation to a wooden church located in the center of town in 1769. During these early years, the church seldom had a pastor and was kept alive by the dedication of its lay members. In 1862, the parish built the ‘‘Old Stone Church,’’ an impressive Gothic Re-vival structure that was added. to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Along with many of its original 19th century fixtures, the Old Stone Church also boasts a 450-pipe, hand-pumped organ that was crafted by Wil-liam Johnson of Westfield, Massachusetts. The organ has gone through several restora-tions and is currently the fifth-oldest organ in use in Massachusetts. In 1898, the congregation moved into a new structure called the Village Church and tempo-rarily ceased operating out of the Old Stone Church. A major restoration effort in the 1980s, aided by the Massachusetts Historical Society, and returned the church to functional condition. Since then, the Old Stone Church serves as the parish’s summer home as a place of worship for parishioners during the summer months, while a second building, the Village Church is the parish’s winter home. Mr. Speaker, St. Luke’s Episcopal Church serves as a vital link to our region’s history and still has much to offer to its parishioners even after all these years. As they celebrate their semiquincentennial, I wish them all the best in continuing to preserve their rich history and community involvement that has been the legacy of St. Luke’s. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.022 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE895 June 23, 2017 
IN MEMORY OF SKIPPER PERRY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, South Carolina lost a devoted public serv-ant with the death of former State Representa-tive Skipper Perry. He was a courageous early pioneer for the Republican Party, helping de-velop the two-party system in South Carolina. On June 21, 2017, a Service of Worship Cele-brating the Life, Death, and Resurrection was conducted at First Baptist Church in Aiken, South Carolina, by Reverend Dr. Fred Andrea, III, Instrumentalist Joyce M. English, and Solo-ist Vince Cloud. The following thoughtful obituary was appro-priately published in the Aiken Standard on June 20, 2017: 
Robert Spence (Skipper) Perry, Jr. of Aiken died peacefully Father’s Day, sur-rounded by his beloved wife and family. A lifelong resident of Aiken, Skipper was the son of the late Robert Spence Perry, Sr. and May Seigler Perry. He is survived by his wife, Anne Straus. In addition, Skipper is survived by his two sons, Stanley (Meg) of Charlotte, NC and Richard (Kristin) of Washington, DC. He leaves four grandchildren; Spence, Anne Healey, Liza May and Burke. He is also sur-vived by his brother, William Perry (Rosaline) of Naples FL, Mary Ann Gunneson (Dave) of Chattanooga, TN, Susan McCarty of Aiken, Jeannie (Earle) Robinson (Earle) of Augusta, GA, Addison deAurora (Eric) of Sa-vannah, GA, and the late Otto McCarty, brother-in-law. Skipper’s life was remarkable for its deep devotion to family—enjoying contact with a brother or sister every day. His family was the warm embrace that sustained him every day of his life. He repaid that gift by devoting himself to the public good—whether in elected office or in the service of those who were unable to help themselves. He ministered to the sick-est among us. He offered support for the mentally and emotionally disabled. What you know of his public deeds pales by what he did for countless individuals privately and unnoticed. He redefined the role of grandfather as an active participant in their lives, interested in even the smallest details of their routine. Skipper was honored recently as the Aiken Chamber ‘‘Man of the Year’’. He has also served in the South Carolina State Legisla-ture, Mayor Pro Tempore City of Aiken, City Council of Aiken, President Aiken Center for the Arts, President Mended Hearts of Aiken, Founding member and Chairman of the Tri- Development Center, Chairman of the Adult Development Center, Founding member of the Historic Aiken Foundation, President of the United Way of Aiken, President Aiken Symphony Guild, Chairman of the Heart Walk, President of Pinecrest Elementary PTA, Chairman of Palmetto Amateur Golf Tournament, Sertoman of the Year, Order of the Palmetto, President Aiken Jaycees, President of the Aiken Sertoma Club, Amer-ican Legion Post 26, and Announcer Aiken Polo Club. Skipper was larger than life. He milked every ounce of living from life until the mo-ment of death. The family will receive friends from 5:00– 8:00 PM Tuesday, June 20, 2017 at Shellhouse Funeral Home, Inc., 924 Hayne Ave., Aiken, SC. Funeral services will be held 1:00 PM Wednesday, June 21, 2017 at Aiken First Bap-tist Church with The Rev. Dr. Fred Andrea, III officiating. Interment will be held imme-diately following at Historic Bethany Ceme-tery. Honorary pallbearers will be Aiken Sertoma Club, American Legion Post 26, and the Mended Hearts of Aiken. In lieu of flowers, the family is requesting donations to Aiken Center for the Arts, 122 Laurens St SW, Aiken, SC 29801, Mended Hearts of Aiken, PO Box 976, Aiken SC 29802 and the American Legion Post No. 26 (Boy’s State Program), 602 Hampton Ave NW, Aiken, SC 29801. f HONORING KENNEDY ALLYSA WRIGHT 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent at Madison Shannon Palmer High School in Marks, Mississippi. Kennedy Allysa Wright is eighteen years old and a senior at Madison Shannon Palmer High School. She was born in Clarksdale, MS, but she grew up in Marks, MS. She has two siblings, Shadrick Wright, IV and Kaitlyn Wright. Her dad, Shadrick Wright, III works for a local factory and her mother, Cathy Wright, is an LPN II. When she graduates from high school, she plans to attend Mississippi State University and obtain a master’s degree in Bi-ological Sciences. Throughout her tenure at Madison Shannon Palmer High School, she has participated in many organizations and a sport. She has held leadership positions such as President of the FCCLA, Vice President of the Student Council in her eleventh grade year, President of the Student Council in her twelfth grade year, and Treasurer of the Beta Club. She has also par-ticipated in other clubs and sport such as the Science Club and Powerlifting. Along with her participation in various clubs and organizations, she has received many awards for her impressive academic standing and citizenship. She has received many aca-demic awards, such as Highest Average, Su-perintendent’s List, and Perfect Attendance. She has also placed second and third in many of the powerlifting competitions. For her Citi-zenship Award, she participated in many vol-unteer and community service projects. She has packed lunches for the needy, donated blood and clothing items, and helped the el-derly. She has also been assisting her peers in applying for college. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Kennedy Allysa Wright as a stu-dent who is goal oriented and making a dif-ference in her community. 
f 
COMMENDING THE WORK OF GEORGE AND GLORIA SMITH 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend George and Gloria Smith for all of the great work they have done in our commu-nity to raise awareness and funds for mental health research. After the tragic loss of their son, Adam, the Smiths established AdamFest in their son’s honor—an annual event to raise awareness and resources for mental health research. The Smith’s steadfast beliefs and courage in a time of tragedy has inspired strength within our community, and for that I am very grateful. As a mother of three sons, my heart aches for the Smith’s loss—and I deeply admire and share their resolve to ensure that no other family endure the pain they have felt. Their story is the reason awareness and research for mental illness is essential, and why events such as AdamFest are so important. I am extremely grateful to be a part of such a strong community and I hope that we can continue to come together and share our sup-port for one another. Mr. Speaker, again I want to formally thank George and Gloria Smith for all of the great work they have done for our community. f 
IN CELEBRATION OF MARY N. LONG’S 76TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and Happy Birthday wishes to an extraor-dinary nurse, activist, advocate, and pioneer, Ms. Mary N. Long, who is celebrating her 76th birthday on Monday, June 26, 2017. On this day, there will be a celebration at Paschal’s Restaurant in Atlanta, Georgia. Mary N. Long was born in Guthrie, Kentucky in 1941. She moved to Atlanta in 1960 to at-tend the Grady Memorial Hospital’s School of Nursing and went on to graduate in 1963. Soon after, Mary embarked on what would be-come a distinguished career. Starting as an ambulatory care nurse at Grady, she gained extensive experience while volunteering at At-lanta’s free clinics and assisting local health organizations. She soon became an influential figure at Grady, developing the hospital’s sat-ellite clinics while at the forefront of Grady’s participation in Economic Opportunity Atlanta’s health affairs to reach the greater Atlanta com-munity. In 1971, Mary developed and became the first Coordinator of the Central Referral De-partment at Grady. This program provided both information resources for those unfamiliar with the hospital system and advocacy within the community regarding policies and proce-dures so that proper treatment was readily available for patients. Her dedication and de-votion built the program from the ground up and her work reflected such. While working at Grady, she became in-volved with the Georgia Nurses Association (GNA), and its philanthropic organization, Georgia Nurses Foundation (GNF). As an ac-tive member and chairperson of GNA’s Gov-ernment Affairs Commission, Mary became the first minority woman to be their advocate at the Georgia legislature. In 1981, Mary was the first African American to be elected as the President of GNA where she served two terms. As a member of the City of Atlanta’s Homeless Task Force, she was instrumental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.026 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE896 June 23, 2017 
in the partnership between GNF and the city that led to the establishment of Atlanta’s first clinic for homeless. In 1985, Mary Long became the Vice Presi-dent for Legislative Affairs for the Arthritis Foundation and was later promoted to the Foundation’s Group Vice President for Public Policy and Advocacy in 1996. In addition, she was elected to the American Nurses Associa-tion (ANA) Board of Directors and served as ANA’s Second Vice President. While Mary has made tremendous contribu-tions to health care issues, she also made great strides in other areas. For example, she was active in the movement to pass the Equal Rights Amendment in Georgia. She has an extensive record of service at the local, re-gional, and national levels. Her work has tran-scended through organizations such as the YMCA, Atlanta Food Bank, Atlanta Habitat for Humanity, and the Atlanta Women’s Founda-tion. She has received numerous awards for her groundbreaking innovation, actions, and creative thoughts. As an active member of her church, Trinity United Methodist in Atlanta, she has held onto her faith the entire journey. As a friend of long standing, I have had the great privilege of witnessing Mary’s work and the impact she has had on our state and na-tion. She has established a legacy of providing support for underrepresented groups on health care issues and I am very grateful for her tire-less advocacy to improve the health care sys-tem in Georgia as well as her steadfast sup-port for patients and their families. A woman of great integrity, her efforts, her dedication, and her expertise in her field are unparalleled. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me and my wife, Vivian, in honoring an outstanding cit-izen, advocate, and cherished friend, Ms. Mary N. Long, for the inspiring life that she leads. We extend our best wishes to her as she, her family, and friends celebrate her 75th birthday. 
f 
HONORING KAYLA MICHELLE RIGGS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a tenacious young woman, Kayla Michelle Riggs. Kayla has shown what can be done through hard work, setting goals, and aiming high. Kayla Michelle Riggs was born on May 16, 1992 in Vicksburg, Mississippi to Jeffrey and Sherry Riggs. She attended her Elementary, Junior High School and High School in the Vicksburg/Warren School District. Kayla graduated from Vicksburg High School in 2010 and went on to attend North-west Community College in Oxford, MS for one year. She transferred to the University of Mississippi in 2011 and Graduated with a Bachelor of Science in the field of Criminal Justice in 2014. In 2014, Kayla started her criminal justice career with the Mississippi Gaming Commis-sion and started to work on her Master’s De-gree from Delta State University. In April 2016 she resigned from the Mississippi Gaming Commission to work on her Master’s Degree. In July of 2016, Kayla join the United States Army in the military occupation skill of Infantry and was placed in the delayed entry program until the United States Army could set a date for the first integrated class of women in the infantry military occupational specialty. In De-cember of 2016, she finished her Masters Work in the field of Criminology and Social Science. On January 30, 2017, Kayla reported to the United States Army reception station on Sandhill at Fort Benning, Georgia. Then on February 2017, she started in the first enlisted integrated female infantry basic training and advanced individual training class. She re-ceived the Infantry Blue Cord on May 18 and graduated on May 19, 2017. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Kayla Michelle Riggs for being a part of a historic class, and her dedication to serving our great Country and strong desire to achieve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.029 E23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D696 Friday, June 23, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 4 p.m., on Monday, June 26, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 12, 3031–3052; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 65; and H. Res. 404 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5138–39 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5140 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2258, to require that certain standards for commercial driver’s licenses applicable to former members of the armed services or reserves also apply to current members of the armed services or reserves, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–189); H.R. 2547, to expand the Department of Veterans Affairs medical professionals who may qualify to per-form physical examinations on eligible veterans and issue medical certificates required for operation of a commercial motor vehicle, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–190); H.R. 2548, to reauthorize the programs and ac-tivities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–191, Part 1); and H.R. 1492, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to direct the Attorney General to register practi-tioners to transport controlled substances to States in which the practitioner is not registered under the Act for the purpose of administering the substances (under applicable State law) at locations other than principal places of business or professional practice (H. Rept. 115–192, Part 1).
                               Page H5137 
Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act: The House passed H.R. 2842, to provide for the conduct of demonstration projects to test the ef-fectiveness of subsidized employment for TANF re-cipients, by a yea-and-nay vote of 377 yeas to 34 nays, Roll No. 322.                                          Pages H5114–25 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–22 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H5117 
Agreed to: Foxx amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–187) that encourages better coordination with state workforce development efforts and adds to the reporting requirements in Section 5 to describe ef-forts by the State to ensure nondisplacement and es-tablish grievance procedures;
                       Pages H5118–19 
Bost amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–187) that ensures that states include in their applications how they will use the funds to help in-dividuals who have been displaced or relocated from a public housing authority to an alternative public housing facility or placed on rental assistance; 
                                                                                            Page H5119 
Bonamici amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–187) that requires states to coordinate the sub-sidized employment program authorized in the bill with other federal workforce development programs, including the Federal Work Study Program; 
                                                                                    Pages H5119–20 
Khanna amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 115–187) that directs HHS to measure the effect of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN7.REC D23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D697 June 23, 2017 
training and credentialing in its evaluation to the public and recommendations to Congress; 
                                                                                    Pages H5121–22 
Kilmer amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–187) that requires the Secretary to address em-ployment-related challenges in rural areas and among members of federally recognized Indian tribes in the recommendations provided to Congress;
       Page H5122 
Krishnamoorthi amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–187) that requires states to report on the number of individuals who are in a career that matches their training (by a recorded vote of 380 ayes to 32 noes, Roll No. 320); and 
                                                                      Pages H5120, H5122–23 
Davidson amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–187) that directs states to include in their end of the fiscal year report the number of recipients who received additional federal or state means-tested benefits during their subsidized employment (by a recorded vote of 264 ayes to 147 noes, Roll No. 321).
                                                     Pages H5120–21, H5123–24 
H. Res. 396, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2842) was agreed to yesterday, June 22nd. Announcement by the Chair: The Speaker ad-dressed the Members on matters of decorum in the House.
                                                                             Page H5123 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, June 26th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                             Pages H5125, H5137 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Chaffetz, wherein he resigned as Rep-resentative for the Third Congressional District of Utah, effective at 10 a.m. on June 30, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page H5137 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5122–23, H5124, H5124–25. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:51 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch held a markup on the Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, FY 2018. Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. EXAMINING THE EXTENSION OF SAFETY NET HEALTH PROGRAMS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Ex-tension of Safety Net Health Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Jami Snyder, Associate Commis-sioner for Medicaid/State Children’s Health Insurance Program Services, Texas Health and Human Services Commission; and public witnesses. THE EXPLOITATION OF CULTURAL PROPERTY: EXAMINING ILLICIT ACTIVITY IN THE ANTIQUITIES AND ART TRADE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Exploitation of Cultural Property: Examining Illicit Activity in the Antiquities and Art Trade’’. Testimony was heard from Alyson Grunder, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy, Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs, Department of State; Raymond Villanueva, Assistant Director for International Op-erations, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Homeland Security Investigations, Department of Homeland Security; and a public witness. EXAMINING ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES REGARDING ATTORNEY ADVERTISING Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Ethical Responsibilities Regarding At-torney Advertising’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 26, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018, 4 p.m., SR–232A. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, markup on Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 7 p.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN7.REC D23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD698 June 23, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, June 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Kristine L. Svinicki, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, June 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E893 Bishop, Mike, Mich., E889 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E895 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E895 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E892 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E892 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E890 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E888, E889 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E888 Himes, James A., Conn., E887 Johnson, Mike, La., E889 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E894 LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E887 Mast, Brian J., Fla., E887 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E887 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E894 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E893 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E890 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E891 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E891 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E888, E889, E890, E891, E892, E894, E895, E896 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E887, E890, E891 Walker, Mark, N.C., E888 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E895 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jun 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23JN7.REC D23JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST