Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1101 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2017 No. 25 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 13, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
HONORING PERRY C. M CGRIFF The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-day, February 2, 2017, Gainesville, Flor-ida, and the State of Florida lost a fa-vorite son in Mr. Perry C. McGriff. Perry was an icon in my hometown of Gainesville, Florida, and was known for his strong civic duty in helping peo-ple wherever and whenever they needed it. Perry was born in Arcadia, Florida, in 1937, and went to school at the Uni-versity of Florida, where he became an all-star standout in both Gators foot-ball and baseball. His contributions on the field earned him entry into the prestigious Hall of Fame as a Gators Great in 1969. Perry was married to his wife, Noel, for 57 years, raised four children—Jana, Mark, Keith, and Matthew—and en-joyed the joy and laugher of their 15 grandchildren. A tremendous family man, Perry was also successful in business. He was an insurance agent for 48 years. He had the honor of being the youngest person ever elected as mayor of Gainesville, and he was a representative for the State of Florida. He was a tireless volunteer and doer in Gainesville, receiving countless awards and recognition for his commu-nity service. Two of those particularly stick out to me. He received the first ever Ethics in Business Award and the Service Above Self Award, given by the Gainesville Rotary for his lifetime of service. In addition to his time, Perry donated more than 60 gallons of blood and set an example for all to follow. For all the things Perry was and all the good things Perry did, I will always remember him most for his smile, his great attitude, and his notorious rep-utation to have his camera at the ready. He was always snapping pictures of people enjoying life and making sure to send to each individual a copy so they could remember the happy mo-ments in the life that he captured. To Noel and the McGriff family, thank you for sharing Perry’s time. Thank you for sharing your husband and father with all of us. We will miss him forever, but we will never forget Perry. All of us, the city of Gainesville, the State of Florida, and I are all bet-ter for having known Perry. 
STANDING STRONG AGAINST NORTH KOREA  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, North Korea said it had suc-cessfully completed the launch of a new ballistic missile. The Pukguksong- 2, a medium-range ballistic missile, was test-fired on Sunday. The actions by the North Korean regime are unac-ceptable and in clear violation of the U.N. Security Council. It is imperative that the U.S. stand strong with Japan, South Korea, and all of our allies in the region against the provocative and threatening ac-tions of the North Korean totalitarian regime. It is a regime that is deter-mined to thumb their nose at the world by advancing their nuclear capabili-ties, thus threatening their neighbors, the region, and for that matter, the world. The United States and its world part-ners must continue to persuade North Korea to adhere to the U.N. Security Council resolutions or they choose to invite worldwide sanctions upon them. This is North Korea’s decision and no-body else’s. f 
CORETTA SCOTT KING LETTER TO SENATE JUDICIARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter and state-ment by Coretta Scott King from March 19, 1986. 
THEMARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. CEN-
TER FOR NONVIOLENT SOCIAL  C
HANGE , INC., Atlanta, GA, March 19, 1986. Re Nomination of Jefferson B. Sessions, U.S. Judge, Southern District of Alabama Hearing, March 13, 1986. Hon. S
TROM THURMOND , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR THURMOND : I write to ex-press my sincere opposition to the confirma-tion of Jefferson B. Sessions as a federal dis-trict court judge for the Southern District of Alabama. My professional and personal roots in Alabama are deep and lasting. Anyone who has used the power of his office as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.000 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1102 February 13, 2017 
United States Attorney to intimidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot by citi-zens should not be elevated to our courts. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters. For this reprehensible conduct, he should not be re-warded with a federal judgeship. I regret that a long-standing commitment prevents me from appearing in person to tes-tify against this nominee. However, I have attached a copy of my statement opposing Mr. Sessions’ confirmation and I request that my statement as well as this letter be made a part of the hearing record. I do sincerely urge you to oppose the con-firmation of Mr. Sessions. Sincerely, C
ORETTA SCOTT KING. 
STATEMENT OF CORETTA SCOTT KING ON THE  N
OMINATION OF JEFFERSON BEAUREGARD  S
ESSIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT  C
OURT , SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA — S
ENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE , THURSDAY , M
ARCH 13, 1986 M
R. CHAIRMAN AND MEMBERS OF THE COM-
MITTEE : Thank you for allowing me this op-portunity to express my strong opposition to the nomination of Jefferson Sessions for a federal district judgeship for the Southern District of Alabama. My longstanding com-mitment which I shared with my husband, Martin, to protect and enhance the rights of Black Americans, rights which include equal access to the democratic process, compels me to testify today. Civil rights leaders, including my husband and Albert Turner, have fought long and hard to achieve free and unfettered access to the ballot box. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge. This simply cannot be allowed to hap-pen. Mr. Sessions’ conduct as U.S. Attorney, from his politically-motivated voting fraud prosecutions to his indifference toward criminal violations of civil rights laws, indi-cates that he lacks the temperament, fair-ness and judgment to be a federal judge. The Voting Rights Act was, and still is, vi-tally important to the future of democracy in the United States. I was privileged to join Martin and many others during the Selma to Montgomery march for voting rights in 1965. Martin was particularly impressed by the de-termination to get the franchise of blacks in Selma and neighboring Perry County. As he wrote, ‘‘Certainly no community in the his-tory of the Negro struggle has responded with the enthusiasm of Selma and her neigh-boring town of Marion. Where Birmingham depended largely upon students and unem-ployed adults [to participate in non-violent protest of the denial of the franchise], Selma has involved fully 10 per cent of the Negro population in active demonstrations, and at least half the Negro population of Marion was arrested on one day.’’ Martin was refer-ring of course to a group that included the defendants recently prosecuted for assisting elderly and illiterate blacks to exercise that franchise. In fact, Martin anticipated from the depth of their commitment twenty years ago, that a united political organization would remain in Perry County long after the other marchers had left. This organization, the Perry County Civic League, started by Mr. Turner, Mr. Hogue, and others, as Martin predicted, continued ‘‘to direct the drive for votes and other rights.’’ In the years since the Voting Rights Act was passed, Black Americans in Marion, Selma and elsewhere have made important strides in their strug-gle to participate actively in the electoral process. The number of Blacks registered to vote in key Southern states has doubled since 1965. This would not have been possible without the Voting Rights Act. However, Blacks still fall far short of hav-ing equal participation in the electoral proc-ess. Particularly in the South, efforts con-tinue to be made to deny Blacks access to the polls, even where Blacks constitute the majority of the voters. It has been a long up- hill struggle to keep alive the vital legisla-tion that protects the most fundamental right to vote. A person who has exhibited so much hostility to the enforcement of those laws, and thus, to the exercise of those rights by Black people should not be elevated to the federal bench. The irony of Mr. Sessions’ nomination is that, if confirmed, he will be given life ten-ure for doing with a federal prosecution what the local sheriffs accomplished twenty years ago with clubs and cattle prods. Twenty years ago, when we marched from Selma to Montgomery, the fear of voting was real, as the broken bones and bloody heads in Selma and Marion bore witness. As my husband wrote at the time, ‘‘it was not just a sick imagination that conjured up the vision of a public official, sworn to uphold the law, who forced an inhuman march upon hundreds of Negro children; who ordered the Rev. James Bevel to be chained to his sickbed; who clubbed a Negro woman registrant, and who callously inflicted repeated brutalities and indignities upon nonviolent Negroes peace-fully petitioning for their constitutional right to vote.’’ Free exercise of voting rights is so funda-mental to American democracy that we can not tolerate any form of infringement of those rights. Of all the groups who have been disenfranchised in our nation’s history, none has struggled longer or suffered more in the attempt to win the vote than Black citizens. No group has had access to the ballot box de-nied so persistently and intently. Over the past century, a broad array of schemes have been used in attempts to block the Black vote. The range of techniques developed with the purpose of repressing black voting rights run the gamut from the straightforward ap-plication of brutality against black citizens who tried to vote to such legalized frauds as ‘‘grandfather clause’’ exclusions and rigged literacy tests. The actions taken by Mr. Sessions in re-gard to the 1984 voting fraud prosecutions represent just one more technique used to in-timidate Black voters and thus deny them this most precious franchise. The investiga-tions into the absentee voting process were conducted only in the Black Belt counties where blacks had finally achieved political power in the local government. Whites had been using the absentee process to their ad-vantage for years, without incident. Then, when Blacks, realizing its strength, began to use it with success, criminal investigations were begun. In these investigations, Mr. Sessions, as U.S. Attorney, exhibited an eagerness to bring to trial and convict three leaders of the Perry County Civic League including Al-bert Turner despite evidence clearly dem-onstrating their innocence of any wrong-doing. Furthermore, in initiating the case, Mr. Sessions ignored allegations of similar behavior by whites, choosing instead to chill the exercise of the franchise by blacks by his misguided investigation. In fact, Mr. Ses-sions sought to punish older black civil rights activists, advisors and colleagues of my husband, who had been key figures in the civil rights movement in the 1960’s. These were persons who, realizing the potential of the absentee vote among Blacks, had learned to use the process within the bounds of legal-ity and had taught others to do the same. The only sin they committed was being too successful in gaining votes. The scope and character of the investiga-tions conducted by Mr. Sessions also warrant grave concern. Witnesses were selectively chosen in accordance with the favorability of their testimony to the government’s case. Also, the prosecution illegally withheld from the defense critical statements made by wit-nesses. Witnesses who did testify were pres-sured and intimidated into submitting the ‘‘correct’’ testimony. Many elderly blacks were visited multiple times by the FBI who then hauled them over 180 miles by bus to a grand jury in Mobile when they could more easily have testified at a grand jury twenty miles away in Selma. These voters, and oth-ers, have announced they are now never going to vote again. I urge you to consider carefully Mr. Ses-sions’ conduct in these matters. Such a re-view, I believe, raises serious questions about his commitment to the protection of the voting rights of all American citizens and consequently his fair and unbiased judg-ment regarding this fundamental right. When the circumstances and facts sur-rounding the indictments of Al Turner, his wife, Evelyn, and Spencer Hogue are ana-lyzed, it becomes clear that the motivation was political, and the result frightening—the wide-scale chill of the exercise of the ballot for blacks, who suffered so much to receive that right in the first place. Therefore, it is my strongly-held view that the appointment of Jefferson Sessions to the federal bench would irreparably damage the work of my husband, Al Turner, and countless others who risked their lives and freedom over the past twenty years to ensure equal participa-tion in our democratic system. The exercise of the franchise is an essen-tial means by which our citizens ensure that those who are governing will be responsible. My husband called it the number one civil right. The denial of access to the ballot box ultimately results in the denial of other fun-damental rights. For, it is only when the poor and disadvantaged are empowered that they are able to participate actively in the solutions to their own problems. We still have a long way to go before we can say that minorities no longer need be concerned about discrimination at the polls. Blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans and Asian Americans are grossly underrep-resented at every level of government in America. If we are going to make our time-less dream of justice through democracy a reality, we must take every possible step to ensure that the spirit and intent of the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965 and the Fifteenth Amendment of the Constitution is honored. The federal courts hold a unique position in our constitutional system, ensuring that minorities and other citizens without polit-ical power have a forum in which to vindi-cate their rights. Because of this unique role, it is essential that the people selected to be federal judges respect the basic tenets of our legal system: respect for individual rights and a commitment to equal justice for all. The integrity of the Courts, and thus the rights they protect, can only be maintained if citizens feel confident that those selected as federal judges will be able to judge with fairness others holding differing views. I do not believe Jefferson Sessions pos-sesses the requisite judgment, competence, and sensitivity to the rights guaranteed by the federal civil rights laws to qualify for ap-pointment to the federal district court. Based on his record, I believe his confirma-tion would have a devastating effect on not only the judicial system in Alabama, but also on the progress we have made every-where toward fulfilling my husband’s dream that he envisioned over twenty years ago. I therefore urge the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee to deny his confirmation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.002 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1103 February 13, 2017 
I thank you for allowing me to share my views. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday, Senator E
LIZABETH WARREN  sought to bring to the attention of the Senate some material about an Attor-ney General nominee, Senator Jeff Ses-sions. She was silenced. She persisted. Ultimately, the R
ECORD of the Senate does not reflect the remarks she was trying to give. In particular, Senator W
ARREN was trying to bring to the attention of the Senate a statement and letter of Coretta Scott King from 1986. In 1986, then Jefferson B. Sessions was a U.S. Attorney, a Federal prosecutor who had been appointed for a position as a U.S. district judge. At that time, Coretta Scott King wrote to the then-chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Strom Thurmond. While the Senate may not entertain these remarks and while the Senate may stifle a United States Sen-ator, this is the people’s House and it is appropriate that the R
ECORD of this House, at least, reflect the comments of Coretta Scott King. So I would like to use the time re-maining to read her cover letter from March 13, 1986, and to read excerpts from the statement she attached to it. ‘‘Dear Senator Thurmond: ‘‘I write to express my sincere oppo-sition to the confirmation of Jefferson B. Sessions as a federal district court judge for the Southern District of Ala-bama. My professional and personal roots in Alabama are deep and lasting. Anyone who has used the power of his office as United States Attorney to in-timidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot by citizens should not be ele-vated to our courts. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters. For this reprehensible conduct, he should not be rewarded with a federal judgeship. ‘‘I regret that a long-standing com-mitment prevents me from appearing in person to testify against this nomi-nee. However, I have attached a copy of my statement opposing Mr. Sessions’ confirmation and I request that my statement as well as this letter be made part of the hearing record. ‘‘I do sincerely urge you to oppose the confirmation of Mr. Sessions.’’ The statement attached to that let-ter is fairly long and very convincing, and I will read parts of it here: ‘‘Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free ex-ercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge. This simply cannot be al-lowed to happen. Mr. Sessions’ conduct as U.S. Attorney, from his politically- motivated voting fraud prosecutions to his indifference toward criminal viola-tions of civil rights laws, indicates that he lacks the temperament, fairness and judgment to be a federal judge.’’ ‘‘A person who has exhibited so much hostility to the enforcement of those laws, and thus, to the exercise of those rights by Black people should not be elevated to the federal bench. ‘‘The irony of Mr. Sessions’ nomina-tion is that, if confirmed, he will be given life tenure for doing with a fed-eral prosecution what the local sheriffs accomplished twenty years ago with clubs and cattle prods.’’ ‘‘The actions taken by Mr. Sessions in regard to the 1984 voting fraud pros-ecutions represent just one more tech-nique used to intimidate Black voters and thus deny them this most precious franchise.’’ ‘‘In these investigations, Mr. Ses-sions, as U.S. Attorney, exhibited an eagerness to bring to trial and convict three leaders of the Perry County Civic League including Albert Turner despite evidence clearly demonstrating their innocence of any wrongdoing.’’ ‘‘In fact, Mr. Sessions sought to pun-ish older black civil rights activists, advisors and colleagues of my husband, who had been key figures in the civil rights movement in the 1960’s.’’ ‘‘Therefore, it is my strongly-held view that the appointment of Jefferson Sessions to the federal bench would ir-reparably damage the work of my hus-band, Al Turner, and countless others who risked their lives and freedom over the past 20 years to ensure equal par-ticipation in our democratic system.’’ Clearly, if these criticisms set forth in this statement—the entirety of which will be made part of the House Record—indicate, as they did to the United States Senate in 1986, that Mr. Sessions should not be a district court judge, they also argue that he should not have been confirmed as Attorney General of the United States. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. During this Black History Month, we are made aware again of the history that has formed our Nation and affects us still. With the craft of mass commu-nication and the skill of good teachers and of artists, You have brought to life again powerful stories of African- American heroes, scholars, artists, and outstanding leaders throughout our Nation’s history. Much of this artistry, delightful spir-it, strong determination, and hard work, was inspired by religious faith in You and the promise of the Holy Bible and, in recent decades, for many, the Holy Koran. Their witness to undying hope and peaceful resolution carry the hope of forming a better United States forever. Lord, we praise and thank You for the African-American communities across this landscape who have shared our past, bless our present, and endow our future with hope, laughter, memo-rable music, and other contributions to our common good. Bless them, and bless our Nation with peace and rec-onciliation. And here, in the people’s House, may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. POE of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , February 10, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: In order to serve as the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services in President Donald J. Trump’s administration, I hereby resign my seat in the United States House of Rep-resentatives effective 9:00 AM on February 10th, 2017. Please see the enclosed letter to the Hon-orable Nathan Deal, Governor of the State of Georgia. Yours truly, T
HOMAS PRICE, M.D. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , February 10, 2017. Hon. N
ATHAN DEAL, Governor, State of Georgia, Atlanta, GA. D
EARGOVERNOR DEAL: In order to serve as the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services in President Donald J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.004 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1104 February 13, 2017 
Trump’s administration, I hereby resign ef-fective 9:00AM on February 10th, 2017, from the United States House of Representatives. The opportunity to serve the citizens of the Sixth District of Georgia has truly been one of the greatest honors of my life. This job and my passion for serving would not have been possible without the support, love, and friendship of family, constituents, com-munity, colleagues, and staff throughout the years. It has been a blessing to work with such talented and bright minds to advance real solutions to some of our nation’s tough-est issues and challenges. My first professional calling was not that of an elected official, it was to care for pa-tients—following in the footsteps of both my father and grandfather who were also physi-cians. The caring relationship a doctor has for their patients is what brought me into public service, and it is that caring approach I wish to continue at the Department of Health and Human Services. With the remarkable challenges that lay ahead for our great nation, I am enthusiastic for the opportunity to be a part of solving them on behalf of the American people. There is much work to be done to ensure we have a health care system that works for pa-tients, families, and doctors; that leads the world in the cure and prevention of illness; and that is based on sensible rules to protect the well-being of the country while embrac-ing its innovative spirit. It will be my honor to continue working with you and every other Governor of these great United States to ensure that that our health care system becomes one that is more patient-centered, innovative, responsive and affordable for all Americans. Thanks to you for your service, friendship, and support. Yours truly, T
HOMAS PRICE, M.D., Member of Congress. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. P
RICE), the whole number of the House is 432. 
f 
NO TRAFFICKING IN OUR CITY, OUR STATE, OR OUR COUNTRY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Houston recently hosted the exciting Super Bowl LI. As Texas welcomed peo-ple from across the United States, the message was clear: no trafficking, not in our city, not in our State, not in our country. As exploiters and buyers roamed the streets looking for prey, Mayor Turner, the Department of Homeland Security, and local law enforcement were pre-pared to jail traffickers and rescue vic-tims. Well, Mr. Speaker, 183 sex buyers and nine traffickers were arrested; 76 vic-tims were rescued. The local news showed the faces of the arrested traf-fickers and buyers across the bottom of Houston television screens. The days of hiding in plain sight are over. I am proud of all the work by Hous-ton, the NFL, local law enforcement, all worked together to track down traf-fickers and buyers during the Super Bowl, making the game a huge success. As the game moves to Minnesota next year, those in the slave trade need to know the law will be ready to cap-ture them. And that is just the way it is. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S REPORT CARD (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, here is President Trump’s report card after less than a month in office: The President wants to stop terrorist attacks by conducting background checks on refugees from countries that are considered security threats. The President wants to prevent criminal immigrants from being re-leased into our neighborhoods where they continue to prey on innocent Americans. The President wants to lower the cost of health care and let individuals choose their own insurance plans. The President wants to reduce our $500 billion trade deficit and export goods and services, not jobs. The President wants to eliminate un-necessary regulations which are a drag on the economy. Mr. Speaker, the President’s critics oppose all these actions. Only the peo-ple are on the President’s side. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 13, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 13, 2017, at 10:11 am.: That the Senate agreed to without amend-ment H. Con. Res. 18. Appointment: National Advisory Com-mittee on Institutional Quality and Integ-rity. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1629 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) at 4 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
ABIE ABRAHAM VA CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 609) to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 609 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Abie Abraham of Lyndora, Pennsyl-vania, was stationed during World War II with the 18th Infantry in New York; 3 years with the 14th Infantry in Panama; 15th In-fantry, unassigned in China, while the U.S.S. Panay was sunk; 30th Infantry, Presidio, San Francisco; and the 31st Infantry, Manila, Philippines, for 9 years. (2) During World War II, Abraham fought, was captured, endured the Bataan Death March and as a prisoner of war for 3
1⁄2years, was beaten, stabbed, shot, survived malaria and starvation to be rescued by the 6th Rangers. (3) Abraham stayed behind at the request of General Douglas MacArthur for 2
1⁄2more years disinterring the bodies of his fallen comrades from the Bataan Death March and the prison camps, helping to identify their bodies and see that they were properly laid to rest. (4) After his promotion in 1945, Abraham came back to the United States where he served as a recruiter and then also served 2 years in Germany until his retirement with 30 years of service as a Master Sergeant. (5) Abraham received numerous medals for his service, including the Purple Heart, and had several documentaries on the Discovery Channel and History Channel. (6) Abraham wrote the books ‘‘Ghost of Ba-taan Speaks’’ in 1971 and ‘‘Oh, God, Where Are You’’ in 1977 to help the public better un-derstand what our brave men endured at the hands of the Imperial Japanese Army as pris-oners of war. (7) Abraham was a life member of the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, the Purple Heart Combat/Infantry Organiza-tion, the American Ex-POWs, the Disabled American Veterans, and the American De-fenders of Bataan. (8) Abraham was a volunteer at Veterans Affairs Butler Healthcare for 23 years from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.005 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1105 February 13, 2017 
1988 to 2011 and had 36,851 service hours car-ing for our veterans. 
SEC. 2. ABIE ABRAHAM VA CLINIC. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Department of Vet-erans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the health care center referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 609, a bill to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, the Abie Abra-ham VA Clinic. This bill is sponsored by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), my good friend. I am grateful to him for introducing this legislation in honor of an American hero. Master Sergeant Abraham lived a truly remarkable life. As a teenager, he set a world record for tree sitting—a popular pastime in those days—after sitting in a tree for 3
1⁄2months, accord-ing to his obituary in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. In 1932, at the age of just 19, he en-listed in the United States Navy and, 2 years later, the United States Army. Over the course of a 30-year military career, he served in the Philippines, China, Germany, and Panama. He earned a number of accolades, includ-ing the Purple Heart. He survived, Mr. Speaker, the Bataan Death March and 3
1⁄2years in captivity, being beaten, shot, and starved. Following his rescue, instead of re-turning immediately to the United States, Master Sergeant Abraham agreed to stay behind to recover the re-mains of his fallen comrades and to en-sure they received the recognition they were certainly due. Following his service, Master Ser-geant Abraham devoted his time to caring for his fellow brothers and sis-ters in arms as a lifelong member of several veterans service organizations and as a volunteer at the VA Butler Healthcare Center, where he spent a total of almost 40,000 hours over the course of 23 years tending to the vet-eran patients there. In his spare time, he authored two books, made public appearances at schools and community centers, and participated in documentary films that have aired on the Discovery and His-tory Channels. In addition to all of that, he was also a lightweight boxing champion and trainer. Master Sergeant Abraham most cer-tainly lived a full and interesting life characterized by both service in and out of uniform. Given that, it is only fitting and appropriate that we honor him by naming the VA healthcare cen-ter in Butler County, Pennsylvania, after him. This legislation satisfies all the committee’s naming criteria and is supported by the Pennsylvania con-gressional delegation as well as many VSOs. Once again, I thank my colleague, Congressman MIKEKELLY , for intro-ducing this bill. I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I would, first of all, like to thank the chairman for bringing H.R. 609 to the floor, and a very special thank you to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for the honor and privilege to learn about this great American. You heard a little bit of the story, and you will hear more of it from Mr. K
ELLY . It is sometimes unimaginable that such as Mr. Abraham walked amongst us. I oftentimes hear that people dispar-age when Congress does naming bills. If anyone was ever deserving of having a VA center named after them, and the importance of attaching that name and the history for those who come after, this is the gentleman. You are going to hear more of this, but Mr. Abraham was born in Lyndora, Pennsylvania. The stories just keep coming up. Apparently he was gifted academically and, of course, was a boxer. Again, this is a point of personal privilege on this, he was actually a Regimental Sergeant Major for a time when he was in his service. He served in the Philippines, China, Germany, and Panama. He survived the Bataan Death March. Having been out on Cor-regidor Island and hearing the stories of the people who survived, unimagi-nable horrors that they survived, and then imagine after being rescued and being liberated and having a chance to come home, Mr. Abraham chose to make sure that all of his comrades came home. He was a recipient of the Purple Heart and a lifelong member of the VFW, the American Legion, the Mili-tary Order of the Purple Heart, the American Ex-Prisoners of War Organi-zation, the Disabled American Vet-erans, and the American Defenders of Bataan; but I think the chairman brought up something truly remark-able: giving 40,000 hours of volunteer service to his fellow veterans. This Na-tion could ask no more of a single per-son, and Mr. Abraham continued to give. To the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, the State of Pennsylvania is rep-resented well here. They were rep-resented well by Mr. Abraham. It is an honor and a privilege to support this piece of legislation. I encourage my colleagues to not only support this, but to maybe go read the bio of this great American. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), my friend and colleague. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I brought with me today a picture of Master Sergeant Abraham. Now, I never knew him when he looked like this. I knew him when he was much older. I have got to tell you that to know Master Sergeant Abraham, you would never have known what he had gone through in his life because all of these folks from that time period just did what they had to do. When you ask them, ‘‘Why did you do it?’’ they said, ‘‘It wasn’t an option. It wasn’t an op-tion. We had to do it.’’ There is just certain times in our history that peo-ple rise up and they do things that are incredible, ordinary people doing ex-traordinary things. Just being around Mr. Abraham for a long time—I never called him Abie, by the way. I did not call him Abie. I al-ways called him sergeant or Mr. Abra-ham—I was just always so impressed with him. It is such an honor and a privilege to be able to stand here in the people’s House to talk about a true American hero, somebody who was not just a patriot, but was compassionate, somebody who never stopped serving his country in so many different ways. When I first read ‘‘The Ghost of Ba-taan,’’ I went back and I talked to Mr. Abraham. I said: You never told me about these things. He said: Oh, don’t worry about that. Those were just things we had to do. I said: No, but what you did was in-credible: to survive the Bataan Death March, to be in a Japanese prison camp for 3
1⁄2years, to be stabbed, to be shot, to be beaten, to survive malaria and starvation. Did you ever think of try-ing to get away? He said: Yeah, M
IKE, I did, but here was the thing: if one of us were to es-cape, the Japanese soldiers would shoot 10 of the prisoners who were still in the camp; so we didn’t want to do that to any of our colleagues. I watched them die. I held them as they died. We tried to get them through the darkest times that we could. I said: How did you endure? He said: My faith. My faith. That is how we all get through the darkest time, on both knees, believing that God is there for us no matter what. But when you read his books and you understand who this man was—and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.008 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1106 February 13, 2017 
I think the second book was the one that was incredible. Let me read this because I just thought if there was anything that somebody did out of love, it was Mr. Abraham. His second book was ‘‘Oh, God, Where Are You?’’ I want you to think of this as a prisoner of war who survived the Bataan Death March, who watched his colleagues killed along the way, and if they fell down, they got shot. Toward the end, when they fell down and they couldn’t move anymore, they were put into open graves, and they were told to go ahead and cover the graves. He re-fused to do it. He said: They are still moving. So we come to today and we think about what it is that we as Americans can do. What is it we can do? What is in our hearts? What is in our memory? What about all those who came before us and what they went through? Mr. Abraham, as a child, went to school barefoot. His family didn’t have money to even buy him shoes, but he had a love for our Nation. He had a love for his fellow man. He had a love for veterans that was just incredible. But imagine the despair of being in that prison camp and not knowing what was going on in the outside war. I asked him: What did you do? How did you keep people’s spirits up? He said: I made up stories. I would tell them that I just heard there was a rumor going through camp that our ar-mies are close and they are going to rescue us. Think about that. They were clinging to a made-up story from this man be-cause he knew that is how he could keep their spirits up in the darkest of times. He kind of smiled about it. I said: That is incredible. He said: Well, sometimes you have to do things a little different just to get people’s spirits up. I want you to fast forward to who this man was. I watched him walk with a cane as he got into his later years, in his eighties and nineties, going to VA Butler Healthcare Center every single day to help fellow veterans. His sole purpose in life was to help other Amer-ican citizens, to help other veterans, to bring a little light into their life, to bring a little happiness into their life; 40,000 hours of service in a VA center. He could have spent his time doing other things, but he didn’t. He chose to stay with those he loved. He chose to serve those he loved. He chose to con-tinue to serve even in his retirement this Nation that he loved so much. I can’t tell you how much it means to be able to look at that new health cen-ter going up and knowing that Mr. Abraham, from his new post, is looking down and is so thankful to a grateful nation that we are taking time to take care of those who have given every-thing they can to make sure our Na-tion remains free. This is an incredible time in our his-tory. This has nothing to do with par-ties. It has nothing to do with who you vote for. It has to do with who we are, the fact that every single one of us has a role. I would just ask people to please look into Abie Abraham. Go online and see about Mr. Abraham. Go and see what Master Sergeant Abraham did, and say: If I could just be a little bit like Abie Abraham, the world would be a better place. For all those who have died in the service of our country, they will rest easier. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers and I am prepared to close. I would just like to thank the gen-tleman again for bringing this to our attention, honoring Master Sergeant Abraham’s life. Again, I think there is a little lesson here of how we conduct ourselves reflects on the sacrifice that people like Mr. Abraham gave; and the gentleman has done so honorably and nobly, and I thank him for that. I en-courage my colleagues to support H.R. 609. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I think this is an amazing story that Mr. K
ELLY shared before us. I had a history professor in college who survived the Bataan Death March. He spent 3
1⁄2 years in the same—I wonder if these two men knew each other. He, indeed, too, was a remarkable man. I can think of no better honor in Butler, Pennsyl-vania, than to honor his memory by naming this medical center. Once again, I encourage all Members to sup-port this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 609. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
WORKING TO INTEGRATE NET-WORKS GUARANTEEING MEMBER ACCESS NOW ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 512) to title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant ac-cess to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 512 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Working to Integrate Networks Guaranteeing Member Access Now Act’’ or the ‘‘WINGMAN Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROVISION OF ACCESS TO CASE-TRACK-ING INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 59 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5906. Access of certain congressional em-ployees to veteran records ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary shall provide to each veteran who submits a claim for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary an opportunity to permit a covered congressional employee employed in the office of the Member of Congress rep-resenting the district where the veteran re-sides to have access to all of the records of the veteran in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon receipt of the permission from the veteran under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall provide read-only access to such records to such a covered congressional em-ployee in a manner that does not allow such employee to modify the data contained in such records or in any part of a database of the Veterans Benefits Administration. ‘‘(3) A Member of Congress may designate not more than two employees of the Member as covered congressional employees. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may not impose any requirement other than the requirements specified under subsection (e)(1) before treating an employee as a cov-ered congressional employee for purposes of this section. ‘‘(c) N
ONRECOGNITION .—A covered congres-sional employee may not be recognized as an agent or attorney under this chapter. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to design, develop, or administer any training for purposes of providing training to covered congressional employees. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered congressional em-ployee’ means a permanent, full-time em-ployee of a Member of Congress— ‘‘(A) whose responsibilities include assist-ing the constituents of the Member with issues regarding departments or agencies of the Federal Government; ‘‘(B) who satisfies the criteria required by the Secretary for recognition as an agent or attorney under this chapter; and ‘‘(C) who is designated by the Member of Congress as a covered congressional em-ployee for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) The term ‘database of the Veterans Benefits Administration’ means any data-base of the Veterans Benefits Administration in which the records of veterans relating to claims for benefits under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary are retained, includ-ing information regarding medical records, compensation and pension exams records, rating decisions, statements of the case, sup-plementary statements of the case, notices of disagreement, Form–9, and any successor form. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Member of Congress’ means a Representative, a Senator, a Delegate to Congress, or the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘5906. Access of certain congressional em-ployees to veteran records.’’. (c) N
OAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section or the amendments made by this section. This section and such amendments may only be carried out using amounts otherwise author-ized to be appropriated, of which, during the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, not more than $10,000,000 may be obligated or ex-pended for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.013 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1107 February 13, 2017 
Tennessee (Mr. R OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and urge all Members to support H.R. 512, as amended, the WINGMAN Act. First, I want to say a special thanks to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS), our colleagues, for introducing the WINGMAN Act. This bill will help Members cut through the red tape and help constituents who have applied for benefits from VA. Isn’t that why we are here, to help our constituents? The problem is that when a con-stituent calls one of our offices to ask about the status of a claim for benefits, the only thing we can do is write VA and wait for the VA to respond. I know I get very frustrated, and I am sure my colleagues do as well, with how long it takes for the VA to get back to us. The WINGMAN Act provides a simple solu-tion. The bill allows designated, per-manent, full-time congressional staff-ers to look up the status of a claim on VA’s database, but only if the veteran has given the staffer permission. Staff-ers would have read-only access to VA databases, meaning they wouldn’t be able to add or remove any information. Passing H.R. 512, as amended, would allow Members to help constituents who simply want to understand the status of their claim for benefits. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 512, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 512, as amended, the WINGMAN Act. I, too, would like to thank the gentleman from Florida for trying to do all they can to speed constituent services to their folks. This legislation gives certain des-ignated congressional office case-workers access to veterans’ electronic disability claim records at the Vet-erans Benefits Administration, or VBA. It has broad support in this House, both Democrat and Republican. This bill would allow designated con-gressional employees to have read-only access to the Veterans Benefits Admin-istration database to look at veterans’ records. Congressional staff would not be able to add or remove anything from a record, but simply check on the sta-tus of a veteran’s claim and check that evidence and documentation are sub-mitted. The reason this is so important is that a veteran will, at times, wait months, only to be told a piece of docu-ment has been missing that could have been added months before. It makes sense. It tracks the system. It ensures that the veteran is getting the fastest, best possible claim adjudication. The purpose is to provide that faster status and let them know. There are privacy safeguards in the bill, which reinforce the necessity for getting prior consent from the veteran. Also, the bill clearly requires that congres-sional employees designated for this access must be full-time employees who provide constituent services. Veterans service organizations have suggested that the VA should put a tracking system in place to ensure that these employees are only assisting con-stituents from their congressional dis-trict, and that congressional staff be held accountable if found to abuse any aspect of this new and unprecedented authority. I support that suggestion. In my district, county veterans serv-ice organizations have also asked to have read-only access to veterans’ records so they can assist veterans. I wish to work with Chairman R
OEto ex-amine whether that might be some-thing that could be included down the road. There is broad bipartisan support for giving congressional staff access to veterans’ records so they can help vet-erans navigate a complex claims sys-tem. Often it takes too long to find out the status of a veteran’s claim from the VA. Allowing certain professional staff to do the checking themselves seems like a simple step in the right direction, and I support it. Last Congress, similar legislation to H.R. 512 unanimously passed this House. I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act. I am honored to represent the First District of Michigan, which, as a State, has a higher than average percentage of veterans, and the First District has double the percentage of veterans of the rest of the State. To advocate for these fine men and women who have served so honorably, we have the abso-lute imperative to make sure that they get the help that they need to cut through the bureaucratic red tape at agencies such as the Department of Veterans Affairs. I have been serving in Congress for just over a month now, and, already, my office has been flooded with re-quests from veterans seeking aid in navigating the benefits claims process. Unfortunately, the VA is notoriously plagued by a culture of complacency and inefficiency. Even something as simple as checking the status of a vet-eran’s claim means that congressional staff members have to circle back around numerous times with VA em-ployees before being able to provide the veterans in the First District with an accurate update. As a veteran of the Vietnam war, I know that time is valuable to our vet-erans. We have to introduce more effi-ciency and transparency into the bene-fits claims process. H.R. 512 is designed to cut out the middle step. The WINGMAN Act pro-vides congressional offices with read- only access to veterans’ records within the Veterans Benefits Administration. This commonsense bill allows our vet-erans quicker access to simple status inquiries, provides greater trans-parency for congressional offices, and allows the VA employees more time to work on completing these claims. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ), my good friend, a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and a stalwart supporter of this Nation’s vet-erans and those in uniform. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the ranking member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Mr. W
ALZ, for allowing me to speak in sup-port of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act. I rise today in support of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act, introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), my colleague, which would allow vet-erans to grant designated congres-sional office staff read-only access to their claim records within the VBA, Veterans Benefits Administration. Mr. Speaker, there are no Veterans Benefits Administration personnel in the Northern Marianas. The veterans in my district have no one to meet with, but for the very occasional, usu-ally one 6-hour visit to the Marianas from a VBA staff based in Guam or Ha-waii. It usually comes once every 6 months if we are lucky. Staffs’ request for information on be-half of veterans sometimes takes months to receive a reply. This bipar-tisan bill would eliminate the delay by enabling permitted staff to obtain the information directly from VBA data-bases. This would be especially mean-ingful to veterans in my district who face additional challenges for dis-ability claims due to the lack of VA presence. Mr. Speaker, I represent three is-lands. I work with Social Security and Selective Service, of course, like other Members. For Social Security, we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.015 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1108 February 13, 2017 
allowed to go and take data informa-tion, application forms, bring them to the main island of Saipan, where we go in line like everyone else and submit the applications on behalf of those con-stituents we serve. So having separate islands and hav-ing a post office in one island and no post office in another island is a little complicated and difficult. Can you just imagine for the veteran who needs ac-cess to his VBA records or who needs access to his Veterans Health Adminis-tration file? Because we only have one in the Northern Marianas. This one really would allow us to serve the vet-erans who deserve nothing else but the best. Our veterans responded to our call to serve and defend this country without hesitation. We must, in return, do ev-erything we can to serve them in the same manner. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. Y
OHO), a good friend and a strong advocate for our veterans. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. B
ILIRAKIS for the work that he has done. And I want to congratu-late Chairman R
OEfor taking over the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I would also like to thank the com-mittee staff for their diligence and help on this piece of legislation, as well as the co-leads of this bill, Representa-tives R
ODNEY DAVIS, KYRSTEN SINEMA , and J
OHNDELANEY . Last Congress, WINGMAN passed the Veterans’ Affairs Committee unani-mously in the House due to the bipar-tisan support of the Members of this Chamber. While it was disappointing that we were unable to get it across the finish line in the Senate, I feel con-fident, given the support this bill has witnessed early on in this year, with 175 Members in the House and 7 Mem-bers in the Senate, I am encouraged, and my hope is that we will see it pass the Senate this Congress and be signed into law by the President. Congressional constituent advocates worked diligently in our district offices to help veterans navigate the VA claims appeals system. But, they are hampered by having to wait weeks, months, and sometimes even years to receive documents from the VA that are often vital to helping the veteran reach a favorable resolution. WINGMAN will help to expedite the process by cutting out the middleman and providing direct access to the files our office already has permission to ob-tain. Currently, advocates must have a privacy release form signed by the con-stituent prior to acting on their behalf. This doesn’t change. What changes is the wait time our offices, veterans, and their families must endure while the VA sends us the appropriate docu-ments. WINGMAN will help veterans such as James, from my district, who had eight separate, but related, claims filed. He didn’t know which files were attached to which claims, the dates they were received, which department they were referred to, or that he could have filed one single, fully developed claim. Had my staff had access to the files, which WINGMAN permits, they would have been able to assess the issue and up-date his claims without having to go on a wild goose chase for the docu-ments with the VA system. Getting his case on track could have happened in a matter of days, rather than years. He is more than deserving of this, especially since some of his claims are over 6 years old. Another constituent lost her husband while he was serving this Nation. The VA was mailing all correspondence to his widow to an incorrect address. This resulted in an overpayment, which she was unaware of since she was not re-ceiving the mail. The long-term result was a veteran’s widow having her ac-count sent to collections, which dam-aged her credit, and ended with her new spouse’s tax return being con-fiscated. With access to the system files, our office would have had a clear-er picture of the timeline of events and been able to direct and streamline our inquiry. Instead, our staff had to hunt down the relevant files from numerous branches within the VA and reassemble them like a jigsaw puzzle. When I hear the story of Sergeant ABRAHAM or Colonel B ERGMAN or Staff Sergeant B
RIAN MASTbehind me, these people have paid a price for their serv-ice to this country, and our country owes them a debt. As a country, we can do better by our veterans and their families. WINGMAN will not get rid of the claims backlog or solve all of the problems. What it will do, however, is make the process helping our veterans easier. Let’s put the words ‘‘customer serv-ice’’ into our government. So I encour-age my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) one of our warriors and a veteran of the war in Iraq, and a staunch advocate for this Nation’s vet-erans. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, one of the things I appreciate most about the job that I have to represent Hawaii’s Second District is to be able to respond to and provide assistance to the hun-dreds of veterans from across my State that contact our office every single year. They call to ask for help with things like compensation and pension issues, health care, mileage reimburse-ment, especially for our veterans who live on the neighboring islands where they don’t have a VA clinic on an is-land, education, home loan benefits, and more. This is a responsibility as a Member of Congress and as a fellow veteran that I take very seriously. Right now, if a veteran contacts my office for assistance, we are required to go directly through the congressional liaison at the VA. We act as the vet-erans advocate to try to get answers for them on things that they haven’t been able to get answers on, things that they haven’t heard back on. Too often, we are faced with the bu-reaucratic layers within the VA and a slow turnaround that leave congres-sional staff, like mine and my col-leagues here, jumping through hoops to access basic, but critical, information on behalf of our veterans and their families. At times, we have waited for months to get answers from the VA on behalf of a Hawaii veteran for some-thing that should be a quick turn-around, like a status update. This is unacceptable. I am proud to cosponsor the WINGMAN Act, legislation introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), my friend and colleague, which allows us to cut through the red tape and ensure that our certified case-workers within our offices can provide quicker, more efficient, and effective service to our veterans. It would help streamline the veterans claims process by allowing congressional offices on be-half of our veteran constituents to di-rectly access the status of pending claims, rating decisions, statement of the case, and so on. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation so that all of us working here in the people’s House can better serve our veterans who have sacrificed so much for our communities and our country. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge support of H.R. 512. I yield back the balance of my time. b1700 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to sup-port this legislation. Representative Y
OHO does out-standing work. He traveled to VISN 8 in St. Petersburg, Florida, which is about 3 hours away. We had a discus-sion about this particular issue. He came up with the suggestion, and he is following through with it. It is a good piece of legislation. Let’s get it through the Senate this time. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 512, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration to certain designated con-gressional employees, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.017 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1109 February 13, 2017 
HONORING INVESTMENTS IN RE-CRUITING AND EMPLOYING AMERICAN MILITARY VETERANS ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 244) to encourage effective, vol-untary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presi-dential awards to private sector em-ployers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 244 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Honoring In-vestments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’. 
SEC. 2. HIRE VETS MEDALLION AWARD PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall establish, by rule, a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to solicit voluntary information from employ-ers for purposes of recognizing, by means of an award to be designated a ‘‘HIRE Vets Me-dallion Award’’, verified efforts by such em-ployers— (1) to recruit, employ, and retain veterans; and (2) to provide community and charitable services supporting the veteran community. (b) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—Beginning in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Secretary establishes the program, the Secretary shall annually— (1) solicit and accept voluntary applica-tions from employers in order to consider whether those employers should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion Award; (2) review applications received in each calendar year; and (3) notify such recipients of their awards; and (4) at a time to coincide with the annual commemoration of Veterans Day— (A) announce the names of such recipients; (B) recognize such recipients through pub-lication in the Federal Register; and (C) issue to each such recipient— (i) a HIRE Vets Medallion Award of the level determined under section 3; and (ii) a certificate stating that such em-ployer is entitled to display such HIRE Vets Medallion Award. (C) T
IMING .— (1) S
OLICITATION PERIOD .—The Secretary shall solicit applications not later than Jan-uary 31st of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (2) E
ND OF ACCEPTANCE PERIOD .—The Sec- retary shall stop accepting applications not earlier than April 30th of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (3) R
EVIEW PERIOD .—The Secretary shall finish reviewing applications not later than August 31st of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (4) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—The Sec- retary shall select the employers to receive HIRE Vets Medallion Awards not later than September 30th of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (5) NOTICE TO RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary shall notify employers who will receive HIRE Vets Medallion Awards not later than Octo-ber 11th of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (d) L
IMITATION .—An employer who receives a HIRE Vets Medallion Award for one cal-endar year is not eligible to receive a HIRE Vets Medallion Award for the subsequent calendar year. 
SEC. 3. SELECTION OF RECIPIENTS. 
(a) A PPLICATION REVIEW PROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view all applications received in a calendar year to determine whether an employer should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion Award, and, if so, of what level. (2) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—The Secretary shall require that all applications provide in-formation on the programs and other efforts of applicant employers during the calendar year prior to that in which the medallion is to be awarded, including the categories and activities governing the level of award for which the applicant is eligible under sub-section (b). (3) V
ERIFICATION .—The Secretary shall verify all information provided in the appli-cations, to the extent that such information is relevant in determining whether or not an employer should receive a HIRE Vets Medal-lion Award or in determining the appropriate level of HIRE Vets Medallion Award for that employer to receive, including by requiring the chief executive officer or the chief human relations officer of the employer to attest under penalty of perjury that the em-ployer has met the criteria described in sub-section (b) for a particular level of Award. (b) A
WARDS .— (1) L
ARGE EMPLOYERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish two levels of HIRE Vets Medallion Awards to be awarded to employers employ-ing 500 or more employees, to be designated the ‘‘Gold HIRE Vets Medallion Award’’ and the ‘‘Platinum HIRE Vets Medallion Award’’. (B) G
OLD HIRE VETS MEDALLION AWARD .—No employer shall be eligible to receive a Gold HIRE Vets Medallion Award in a given cal-endar year unless— (i) veterans constitute not less than 7 per-cent of all employees hired by such employer during the prior calendar year; (ii) such employer has retained not less than 75 percent of the veteran employees hired during the calendar year preceding the preceding calendar year for a period of at least 12 months from the date on which the employees were hired; (iii) such employer has established an em-ployee veteran organization or resource group to assist new veteran employees with integration, including coaching and men-toring; and (iv) such employer has established pro-grams to enhance the leadership skills of veteran employees during their employment. (C) P
LATINUM HIRE VETS MEDALLION  
AWARD .—No employer shall be eligible to re-ceive a Platinum HIRE Vets Medallion Award in a given calendar year unless— (i) the employer meets all the require-ments for eligibility for a Gold HIRE Vets Medallion Award under subparagraph (B); (ii) veterans constitute not less than 10 percent of all employees hired by such em-ployer during the prior calendar year; (iii) such employer has retained not less than 85 percent of the veteran employees hired during the calendar year preceding the preceding calendar year for a period of at least 12 months from the date on which the employees were hired; (iv) such employer employs dedicated human resources professionals to support hiring and retention of veteran employees, including efforts focused on veteran hiring and training; (v) such employer provides each of its em-ployees serving on active duty in the United States National Guard or Reserve with com-pensation sufficient, in combination with the employee’s active duty pay, to achieve a combined level of income commensurate with the employee’s salary prior to under-taking active duty; and (vi) such employer has a tuition assistance program to support veteran employees’ at-tendance in postsecondary education during the term of their employment. (D) EXEMPTION FOR SMALLER EMPLOYERS .— An employer shall be deemed to meet the re-quirements of subparagraph (C)(iv) if such employer— (i) employs 5,000 or fewer employees; and (ii) employs at least one human resources professional whose regular work duties in-clude those described under subparagraph (C)(iv). (E) A
DDITIONAL CRITERIA .—The Secretary may provide, by rule, additional criteria with which to determine qualifications for receipt of each level of HIRE Vets Medallion Award. (2) S
MALL - AND MEDIUM -SIZED EMPLOYERS .— The Secretary shall establish similar awards in order to recognize achievements in sup-porting veterans by— (A) employers with 50 or fewer employees; and (B) employers with more than 50 but fewer than 500 employees. (c) D
ESIGN BY SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall establish the shape, form, and design of each HIRE Vets Medallion Award, except that the Award shall be in the form of a cer-tificate and shall state the year for which it was awarded. 
SEC. 4. DISPLAY OF AWARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The recipient of a HIRE Vets Medallion Award may— (1) publicly display such Award through the end of the calendar year following re-ceipt of such Award; and (2) publicly display the HIRE Vets Medal-lion Award Certificate issued in conjunction with such Award. (b) U
NLAWFUL DISPLAY PROHIBITED .—It is unlawful for any employer to publicly dis-play a HIRE Vets Medallion Award, in con-nection with, or as a part of, any advertise-ment, solicitation, business activity, or product— (1) for the purpose of conveying, or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey, a false impression that the employer received the Award through the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, if such employer did not re-ceive such Award through the HIRE Vets Me-dallion Award Program; or (2) for the purpose of conveying, or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey, a false impression that the employer received the Award through the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program for a year for which such employer did not receive such Award. 
SEC. 5. APPLICATION FEE AND FUNDING. 
(a) F UND ESTABLISHED .—There is estab-lished in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be designated the ‘‘HIRE Vets Medal-lion Award Fund’’. Amounts appropriated to the fund pursuant to subsection (c) shall re-main available until expended. (b) F
EEAUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may assess a reasonable fee on employers that apply for receipt of a HIRE Vets Medallion Award and the Secretary shall deposit such fees into the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund. The Secretary shall establish the amount of the fee such that the amounts col-lected as fees and deposited into the Fund are sufficient to cover the costs associated with carrying out this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.020 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1110 February 13, 2017 
(c) U SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund shall be avail-able, subject to appropriation, to the Sec-retary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program. 
SEC. 6. INITIAL IMPLEMENTATION. 
The HIRE Vets Medallion Program shall begin to solicit applications on January 31 of the year that is two fiscal years after the fis-cal year during which funds are first appro-priated to carry out this Act. 
SEC. 7. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Beginning not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress annual reports on— (1) the fees collected from applicants for HIRE Vets Medallion Awards in the prior year and any changes in fees to be proposed in the present year; (2) the cost of administering the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program in the prior year; (3) the number of applications for HIRE Vets Medallion Awards received in the prior year; and (4) the HIRE Vets Medallion Awards awarded in the prior year, including the name of each employer to whom a HIRE Vets Medallion Award was awarded and the level of medallion awarded to each such employer. (b) C
OMMITTEES .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the reports required under subsection (a) to the Chairman and Ranking Member of— (1) the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 8. Definitions. 
In this Act: (a) The term ‘‘employer’’ means any per-son, institution, organization, or other enti-ty that pays salary or wages for work per-formed or that has control over employee op-portunities, except that such term does not include— (1) the Federal Government; or (2) any State government, as defined in such section. (b) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Labor. (c) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given such term under section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous materials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 244, as amended, would require the Department of Labor to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to rec-ognize and award employers with a HIRE Vets Medallion for their efforts to recruit, employ, and retain veterans, as well as their work to provide com-munity and charitable services to vet-erans and their local communities. While we still have work to do, it is important to note that the veteran un-employment rate has continued to de-crease over recent years and, as of last month, was at the low rate of 4.5 per-cent. Again, we have more work to do. While many factors have led to the continued reduction of the unemploy-ment rate for the men and women who have served, our Nation’s employers in both the public and private sectors de-serve a lot of credit, and it is impor-tant that we highlight the work that these companies have done and that we publicly recognize their commitment to hiring our veterans—hiring our true American heroes. I commend them so much. With this idea in mind, H.R. 244, as amended, would authorize the Sec-retary of Labor to create the HIRE Vets Medallion Program, which would recognize employers who hire and re-tain veterans as well as companies that provide support services to the vet-erans and their communities. Employers would earn either plat-inum or gold status based on require-ments that are related to the number of veterans hired each year, providing pay equity for guardsmen and Reserve employees who were called up to active military service and other require-ments. Once these employers have earned HIRE Vets Medallions, they would be able to publicly display their awards to illustrate the work they have done on behalf of our veterans and the priorities they place on hiring vet-erans within their workforces. As we work to continue to decrease the national unemployment rate among our men and women who have served, it is vital that we highlight and thank the employers who have stepped up and have recognized the benefits of hiring a veteran, and there are many benefits as their work ethic is out-standing—their dedication, their integ-rity. They are really outstanding peo-ple, and I am glad that our employers have stepped up. I thank the staff of the Department of Labor and the Trump administration for working with us to make improve-ments to the legislation from what was passed last year. I also thank Colonel PAUL COOK of California for introducing and advo-cating for this bill, which, again, has my full support. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 244, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 244, as amended, the HIRE Vets Act. I give a special thank-you to my col-league from California, Colonel C
OOK, who, himself, is a Vietnam veteran. Since the first day he got into Con-gress, he has been our veterans’ stanch-est supporter, and I appreciate that. Mr. Speaker, this is an innovative, bipartisan piece of legislation. The HIRE Vets Act directs the Department of Labor, or DOL VETS, to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program. This program solicits voluntary information from private sector employers, which we know they want to give—and we know they are out there hiring folks— and allows these employers to display, with other marketing materials, a rec-ognized medallion as a symbol of their support and willingness to make sure we hire veterans. Employers who pro-vide community and charitable serv-ices that support veterans will also be eligible. Hiring veterans isn’t just the right thing to do because it is morally and ethically right; it makes good business sense, and our folks know that. The men and women who have served in our military have received invalu-able training and experience that has proven to help them thrive in post- military employment. What they need is a foot in the door. Fortunately, we have been seeing encouraging trends in veterans’ employment. Thanks to the hard work of DOL VETS, combined with efforts within the private sector and Federal and State governments, the veterans’ unemployment rate in January of 2017 was 4.5 percent, which is lower than the national average. We also know that the unemployment rate for post-9/11 veterans remains unac-ceptably high at 8 percent. We must remain vigilant to make sure that the men and women who signed up to defend our Nation enjoy opportunities for growth when they re-turn home. The HIRE Vets Medallion Program represents an additional in-centive for employers to hire and re-tain veterans, which is something we can all get behind. Again, I thank Colonel COOKfor of-fering this bipartisan legislation. Thank you to the vice chairman for bringing this up and throwing his sup-port behind it. I am certainly proud to stand in support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OOK), a good friend and a great veterans’ advocate. I thank him for his service. Mr. COOK. I thank Mr. B
ILIRAKIS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as a combat veteran, I am deeply concerned that the men and women of our Armed Forces continue to struggle to find jobs upon their re-turn to civilian life. These individuals have not only displayed great courage in serving their country, but have ac-quired certain skills that make them ideal candidates for employment. I am not going to go over many of the things that were said about how the program is an incentive, as I think that has already been covered. I just want to underscore the fact that this is a problem. It is not a new problem. You can have the statistics, but one has to ask oneself: Why do we have a lower percentage of veterans who are getting the jobs? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.009 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1111 February 13, 2017 
As was already mentioned, I am a product of the Vietnam war; and the veterans who were getting out there, a lot of people were afraid to hire them. They didn’t know whether they would be recalled back into the service, and they didn’t know whether they had post-traumatic stress disorder. They were not going to take a chance on them, and that was sad. That was many, many years ago, but the stats don’t lie. I am very, very supportive. I get pas-sionate about these programs because the bottom line is we have to make sure that we take care of the troops, and this is a bill that, with the co-operation of private industry, has those incentives built in there. I am optimistic. We had bipartisan support the last time. We went all the way up there and were waiting the last time for the Senate—holding our breath. Ev-erybody knows you don’t always get what you want. I am not going to give up and neither will the people who have been supporting this bill because we are all very, very passionate about veterans. I thank Chairman R
OE. I thank Ranking Member W
ALZ for his great support and military service. I thank Representative T
ULSI GABBARD for, once again, being the original cospon-sor of this important legislation and for always being there for the veterans and the military. I also thank Con-gressman B
ILIRAKIS for his great sup-port. Once again, this passed out of the House last November and had unani-mous support. I urge my colleagues to once again vote in favor of this bill. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ), who still serves this Nation in uniform. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 244, the HIRE Vets Act, which I am so proud and hon-ored to have worked on with my col-league and fellow veteran, Colonel P
AULCOOKfrom California. This is personal for us. This is about our brothers and sisters in uniform— from different generations—who have been honored and thanked for their service in uniform but who, unfortu-nately, are often forgotten about when they lay that uniform down. Most peo-ple aren’t aware that every single day roughly 500 veterans are transitioning from military life to civilian life, join-ing more than 2.9 million veterans who have returned home since 9/11 alone. Through their service and training, these are men and women who are highly trained, who have experience in leading, in making decisions under pressure, in acting and working well as members of a team, and in accom-plishing the mission. Data show that veterans are civic as-sets in our communities. They have higher rates of voting, of engaging with local governments and community or-ganizations, of participating actively in community service, and more. To-gether, these qualities make our vet-erans especially valuable to employers, whether it be in the private sector, in the public sector, or in the nonprofit sector. Unfortunately, for them, returning to a civilian job market is not as easy as it should be. They often face an un-friendly job market or even an un-friendly culture that doesn’t fully un-derstand them and what they bring to the table. Many people don’t under-stand that our veterans are not seeking pity or a handout but are simply look-ing for an opportunity to continue to serve—to continue to contribute to our communities and to our country. This legislation is focused on encour-aging employers to hire more veterans. We have seen different programs and initiatives in my home State of Hawaii and in States across the country that focus on recruiting and retaining vet-erans, but the fact is that there are still more than 400,000 unemployed vet-erans across the country. We need to do more. This legislation, the HIRE Vets Act, gets directly at this need by setting up an incentive system to encourage em-ployers to hire and retain veterans. It creates a standard of recognition for employers who go the extra mile to re-cruit and retain veterans and provide services that support our veteran com-munity. We came together at the end of last year and passed this legislation unani-mously. I am hopeful that my col-leagues will once again stand and pass this important legislation and move it along through the Senate and to the President’s desk for his signature. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 244, as amend-ed. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 244, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BOOSTING RATES OF AMERICAN VETERAN EMPLOYMENT ACT Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 974) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a con-tract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 974 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act’’ or the ‘‘BRAVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PREFERENCE FOR OFFERORS EMPLOY-ING VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 8128 the following new section: ‘‘§ 8129. Preference for offerors employing veterans ‘‘(a) P
REFERENCE .—In awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, the Secretary may give a preference to offerors that employ veterans on a full-time basis. The Secretary shall determine such pref-erence based on the percentage of the full- time employees of the offeror who are vet-erans. ‘‘(b) E
NFORCEMENT PENALTIES FOR MIS-
REPRESENTATION .—(1) Any offeror that is de-termined by the Secretary to have willfully and intentionally misrepresented the vet-eran status of the employees of the offeror for purposes of subsection (a) may be debarred from contracting with the Depart-ment for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary carries out a debar-ment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall commence debarment action against the offeror by not later than 30 days after de-termining that the offeror willfully and in-tentionally misrepresented the veteran sta-tus of the employees of the offeror as de-scribed in paragraph (1) and shall complete debarment actions against such offeror by not later than 90 days after such determina-tion. ‘‘(3) The debarment of an offeror under paragraph (1) includes the debarment of all principals in the offeror for a period of not less than five years.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8128 the following new item: ‘‘8129. Preference for offerors employing vet-erans.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b1715 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legis-lative days in which to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to improve employment opportunities for veterans and business opportunities for the companies that employ them, H.R. 974 would authorize the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs to consider how many veterans an offeror employs during a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.022 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1112 February 13, 2017 
decision to award a contract. Under this bill, the Secretary may give a pref-erence to such employers based on the percentage of the workforce made up of veterans. It makes sense. The bill would also allow the Sec-retary to debar any offeror who will-fully and intentionally misrepresents the number of veterans they employ. I am glad that provision is in there. Mr. Speaker, the unemployment rate among certain age groups of veterans still exceeds their nonveteran peers, and this legislation is one common-sense step to incentivize employers to bring veterans into their workforce and increase job opportunities for veterans of all ages. I firmly believe that we should do all we can to encourage both small and large businesses to provide job opportu-nities for veterans as well as provide the Secretary the authority to consider such hires when making contracting decisions. This will further incentivize government contractors to make a positive investment in their companies by making investments in our Nation’s veterans. I thank Miss R
ICEfor her hard work on this bill, and it has my full support. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 974. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 947, the Boosting Rates of Amer-ican Veteran Employment Act, or BRAVE Act. I thank the vice chairman for his kind words on this bill, and I especially would like to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE), an unwav-ering advocate of our veterans and au-thor of this smart piece of legislation. Both parties agree it is unacceptable that men and women returning home from our most recent conflicts don’t have good, reliable jobs waiting for them. We can start right here in the Federal Government. The VA estab-lishes long-term contracts with private companies for medical equipment, con-struction, supplies, services, and more. Currently, the VA gives preferences to veteran-owned small businesses. That is great. What this piece of legis-lation does is expand this contracting preference to allow the VA Secretary to give a preference to companies that actively search out and employ vet-erans, a policy that would incentivize companies to even hire more veterans. This is already a smart approach for those companies because veterans bring to a job the skills they have learned over the years and make the company even stronger. This bipartisan piece of legislation adds no cost to the taxpayers. It allows for debarment of any company that knowingly misrepresents its portion of veteran employees in order to receive the contracting preference. The BRAVE Act represents a win-win for the private sector, the Federal Gov-ernment, and, most importantly, for our veterans. Again, I would like to thank the gen-tlewoman from New York (Miss RICE), who will tell us a little more about this in a few moments, and Chairman R
OE of Tennessee and Vice Chairman B
ILI-
RAKIS for continuing to bring good pieces of veterans legislation to the floor. We are grateful for that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE), the author, the lead sponsor of this piece of legislation, a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee since coming to Congress, and a fierce advocate for those warriors. Miss RICE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 974, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employ-ment Act, which I introduced along with Congressman and Colonel P
AUL C
OOKof California. The BRAVE Act is commonsense, bi-partisan legislation that will authorize the VA Secretary, when awarding Fed-eral contracts, to give preference to contractors with high concentrations of full-time veteran employees. This bill will cost taxpayers absolutely nothing. It will, first, reward companies that actively hire and invest in our vet-erans, companies that seek out vet-erans and give them opportunities to bring their unique skills, training, and experience to the civilian workforce. Second, it will create an incentive for other companies to do the same and bring more veterans into their work-force. Most importantly, as more and more companies hire more and more vet-erans, they will ultimately see that in-vesting in veterans is good for busi-ness. That is the real incentive here. It is not just an advantage in securing Federal contracts; it is getting the ben-efit of employees who have worn the uniform, who have been trained by the greatest military in the world, and who have learned to get the job done, no matter what that job is. We need more businesses in the pri-vate sector to recognize the value of in-vesting in the men and women who have served our country. It is not an act of charity. Veterans are not look-ing for a handout; they just need an op-portunity. The BRAVE Act will help ensure that more veterans have those opportunities. I want to thank Chairman R
OEof Tennessee, Vice Chairman B
ILIRAKIS , and Ranking Member W
ALZ for sup-porting this bill and for helping to bring it to the floor today. This legislation passed unanimously in the last Congress, and I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to, once again, give it the bipartisan sup-port it deserves. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on my side. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 974. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to sup-port this legislation. I commend Rep-resentative RICEfor her good work. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 974. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO UNITED STATES-CHINA ECO-NOMIC AND SECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following indi-viduals on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Se-curity Review Commission for a term expiring on December 31, 2018: Mr. Larry Wortzel, Williamsburg, Virginia Mr. Robert Glenn Hubbard, New York, New York 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO THE CREATING OPTIONS FOR VETERANS’ EXPEDITED RECOV-ERY COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 931(c) of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Pub. L. 114–198), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recov-ery Commission: Captain John M. Rose, U.S. Navy, Re-tired, Kenosha, Wisconsin Lieutenant Colonel Jamil S. Khan, U.S. Marine Corps, Retired, Janesville, Wisconsin 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY, NATIONAL, AND PUB-LIC SERVICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 553(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub. L. 114– 328), and the order of the House of Jan-uary 3, 2017, of the following individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.025 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1113 February 13, 2017 
on the part of the House to the Na-tional Commission on Military, Na-tional, and Public Service: Mr. Thomas Kilgannon, Centreville, Virginia 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO THE MEDAL OF VALOR RE-VIEW BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 3(b) of the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 15202), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Medal of Valor Review Board for a term of 4 years: Mr. Brandon Clabes, Choctaw, Okla-homa Mr. Brian Murphy, Milwaukee, Wis-consin 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE AMERICAN FOLKLIFE CEN-TER IN THE LIBRARY OF CON-GRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2103(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following indi-vidual to the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Center in the Li-brary of Congress on the part of the House for a term of 6 years: Ms. Patricia A. Atkinson, Carson City, Nevada 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 23 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 66, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY STATES FOR NON-GOVERN-MENTAL EMPLOYEES, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 67, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY QUALIFIED STATE POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS FOR NON-GOVERN-MENTAL EMPLOYEES Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–11) on the resolution (H. Res. 116) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to sav-ings arrangements established by States for non-governmental employ-ees, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to sav-ings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-governmental employees, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 244, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 974, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
HONORING INVESTMENTS IN RE-CRUITING AND EMPLOYING AMERICAN MILITARY VETERANS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 244) to encourage effective, voluntary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presi-dential awards to private sector em-ployers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 409, nays 1, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 86] YEAS—409 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.026 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1114 February 13, 2017 
Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—21 
Boyle, Brendan F. Buchanan Delaney Ellison Faso Gallego Garamendi Gutie´rrez Jenkins (KS) LaMalfa McCaul Meeks Moore Moulton Mulvaney Pingree Pittenger Rush Waters, Maxine Welch Zinke 
b1854 Mrs. DEMINGS, Mr. BUCK, Ms. ROY-BAL-ALLARD, and Mr. HUFFMAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to encourage effec-tive, voluntary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THANKING JOYCE MEYER (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, all of us have people in our lives, in these vocations, without whom none of this would be possible. Today, I want to say good luck and good-bye to one of those people. Joyce Meyer, whom many of you know on my staff, is heading to the White House after being with me in this office for 18 years—and, yes, there are some gray hairs here. She and I go back even further than that. Joyce and I started off as staffers to-gether in the United States Senate. In many ways, we grew up together. We were just kids then, fresh out of col-lege. She went by Joyce Yamat in those days. She was a good friend, but she was an equally good staffer, which is why she was, at that time, one of the first people I asked to come work with me when I, at 28 years old, got elected to the House of Representatives. She has been at the heart of our team ever since—through every up and down, every adventure, every budget, every run for office. So much of what we have accomplished has been because of her— because of her leadership, because of her planning, because of her caring na-ture, because of her deep understanding of how this place works. She really is a person of the House. Above all, she never, ever forgot and never let me forget whom I was work-ing for: the people of the First District of Wisconsin. She is from Wisconsin. She is from Franklin, Wisconsin, which is a small town in southern Wisconsin, near Milwaukee. She is a Badger. Wis-consin is so much at the heart of who she is. She knows when the deer rut is. She knows that, on Sundays, there are only two things you do: Mass and Packers games in the fall. For all of her years here, she never forgot where she came from. The truth is we have been through it all together. In fact, she has not just been a confidant or a friend—she is family. I often refer to her as my sis-ter; and, to Joyce, family is at the cen-ter of everything. She treated all of our staff like family. She hosted wedding showers and baby showers. She made sure that everyone on our team put their own loved ones first. It is her own family that, through all of these years, has really been her source of inspira-tion: her parents; her sisters; her hus-band, Don, who, himself, was part of our team; and, of course, their beau-tiful and sweet daughter, Eva. I know it is for a better life for Eva and her generation that Joyce has made serving government her life’s work. She could have gone on and done something so much more rewarding to the pocketbook, but she is doing this because she believes in our country. I will cut this short because, for any-one who knows Joyce, she does not like attention; she does not like the fuss. She is here to serve. She is the best of what we aspire to in public service. This woman has done so much to make us successful, has done so much to make me successful. I just want to thank, from the bottom of my heart, a person who has done so much to make this House successful, and she is Joyce Meyer. Joyce, I wish you and your family the best of luck. Thank you for serving us so much. Joyce, you are always going to be considered a person of the House of Representatives. Thank you so much, Joyce. And there is her mom. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Speaker R
YANfor yielding. He admon-ished us to be brief. So, Joyce, I will be brief. Often I rise on this floor when we have extraordinary staffers retire on either side of the aisle, Republican or Democrat, and observe what an ex-traordinary difference they make to the comity that does, in fact, exist but is rarely seen by the public. Joyce Meyer has been an extraor-dinary member of our family. Speaker RYANsays family is important to her. Family is important to all of us, and this is a family. It is sometimes a con-tentious family, but it is a family. Frankly, the peacemakers in the family are largely the members of the staff, particularly the highest ranking staffers, and particularly those staffers who have been with each of us and many of us for a significant period of time. They understand the tensions that can be created, but they also un-derstand that there is a responsibility to the American people. Every time I went across the aisle and talked to Joyce Meyer, I knew that she under-stood that and that she wanted to be a positive force in making this institu-tion work better. Let me say that Joyce Meyer now has an even bigger responsibility be-cause she is going to the White House. May we all wish her the best in making that institution work better. Joyce, God bless you and Godspeed. 
f 
BOOSTING RATES OF AMERICAN VETERAN EMPLOYMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 974) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a con-tract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ veterans, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 87] YEAS—407 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.011 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1115 February 13, 2017 
Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—24 
Boyle, Brendan F. Buchanan Delaney Duncan (TN) Ellison Faso Gallego Garamendi Gutie´rrez Jenkins (KS) LaMalfa McCaul Meeks Messer Moore Moulton Mulvaney Pingree Ratcliffe Rush Shuster Waters, Maxine Welch Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1911 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, my apologies for not being able to be present for today’s re-corded votes. My flight from ALB to DCA was cancelled due to a winter storm, and I could make no other flight that would have gotten me to Washington in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea on rollcall No. 86, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 87. 
f 
HONORING ISRAEL BONDS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so honored that the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) is here to listen to this important 1 minute, as he always does. Israel Bonds recently hosted its an-nual award ceremony at the Fontaine-bleau Hotel located in Miami Beach, in my congressional district. For over 30 years, Mr. Speaker, Israel Bonds has honored members of the Jewish community from all over the country who have made an incredible impact on the U.S.-Israel relationship and who have helped make Israel’s economy one of the world’s strongest. I have had the privilege of working with Israel Bonds over the years and the many individuals who helped make its mission such a success. One of those individuals, who I know is a friend of the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), Alex Halberstein, was honored with the Israel69 Award for his commitment to strengthening the economy of the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Mr. Speaker, Alex is the chairman of Israel Bonds for south Florida. Alex and his wife, Monique, are deserving of such a high honor. I congratulate them both for such a tremendous achieve-ment. f 
b1915 DRAINING THE SWAMP (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, President Trump said he was going to drain the swamp. Really? His actions speak louder than words. Check the facts. Wall Street’s gold dig-gers are in charge of the swamp al-ready. The President’s senior strategist, Steve Bannon, spent half a decade working at Goldman Sachs. Trump’s National Economic Council Director, Gary Cohn, spent 25 years more there. He rose to be Goldman Sachs’ presi-dent. Trump’s Senior Counsel for Eco-nomic Initiatives, Dina Powell, was a partner since 2010 at Goldman Sachs. Steve Mnuchin, up for a vote tonight for Treasury Secretary, spent 17 years at Goldman. Dubbed the ‘‘Foreclosure King,’’ Mnuchin was the fast-buck art-ist who maneuvered OneWest out of IndyMac’s collapse with shady tactics that kicked hundreds of thousands of families out of their homes in Ohio and beyond. Mnuchin is the ultimate swamp dweller. His father worked at Goldman, his brother still works there, and they all return for alumni engage-ments. Come now. While millions of Ameri-cans lost their homes, with millions more underwater today, Goldman in-creased its profits. It is obvious, Wall Street’s trolls have squiggled their way through the White House transom even before the First Lady has remodeled the living quarters. When Wall Street rigs our economy again, does anyone seriously expect President Trump to drain the swamp? He is fast in it with them. 
f 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, February is Career and Technical Education Month. As co-chairman of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, and as a senior member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I have long been aware of the importance of CTE programs that provide learners of all ages with career-ready skills. From agriculture to the arts, from marketing to manufacturing, CTE pro-grams work to develop America’s most valuable resource—its people. CTE is taught in a range of settings, from high schools and area technical centers, to technical and 2-year com-munity colleges. In total, 12.5 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.012 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1116 February 13, 2017 
high school and college students are enrolled in CTE programs across the Nation. Last Congress, I was proud to intro-duce the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act. This bill, which passed the House by a vote of 405–5, aimed to close the skills gap by modernizing the Fed-eral investment in CTE programs and connecting educators with industry stakeholders. I look forward to reintroducing simi-lar legislation this Congress and I re-main committed to working with the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), my CTE Caucus co-chair and good friend, to improve our Na-tion’s career and technical education system. 
f 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to join the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), my friend and co-chair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, to recog-nize February as Career and Technical Education Month. In Rhode Island and across the coun-try right now, employers are strug-gling to find workers with the skills that they need to fill jobs in STEM, in manufacturing, in IT, and so many other skilled trades. Hundreds of thou-sands of high-skilled, high-paying jobs are open right now, going unfilled, and this number is growing. To close the skills gap, we must bet-ter align education and industry to make sure that what we are teaching in classrooms is better meeting the needs of real-world companies right now. We must increase work-based learning and build education pathways to help students become career and col-lege-ready. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support investment in CTE in the 115th Congress, including by reauthorizing the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act to adapt our work-force to the 21st century economy. Mr. Speaker, this act passed with strong, bipartisan support in the last Congress, and I hope we can quickly bring it up again to pass it with strong bipartisan support in this Congress as well. I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for his leader-ship. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF NICK LITTLEFIELD (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening with a heavy heart to honor the memory of Nick Littlefield, a dear friend and dedicated public serv-ant who passed away last week. Few in our country could match Nick’s career. From the stages of Broadway to classrooms at Harvard Law School, to courtrooms in New York City, and eventually to the Halls of this Capitol as an aide to my late uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy, Nick did it all. Always guided by the simple prin-ciple that our laws should help protect our citizens, his fingerprints can be found on landmark legislation such as the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the 1996 minimum wage increase. Every day that he arrived at his Sen-ate office, he brought a contagious en-thusiasm for his work and extraor-dinary empathy for the people he served. Even while battling the mul-tiple system atrophy that ultimately cost him his life, he considered himself ‘‘not entirely unlucky’’ to have this disease because it allowed him to ‘‘truly sympathize’’ with those who had disabilities. Nothing was ever more important to him than his family. In this difficult time, my thoughts and prayers are with Nick’s incredible wife, Jenny, as well as his stepchildren Frank, Tom, and Kate. f 
NATIONAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS COACH RECOGNITION WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to join my colleague, Congressman M
ARKWAYNE MULLIN today in intro-ducing a resolution designating the week of February 13 as National Health and Wellness Coach Recognition Week. Lifestyle-related chronic diseases are causing a health crisis in this country. Chronic diseases are the leading cause of preventable deaths and disabilities, and they cost the U.S. economy more than $1 trillion per year. This crisis is so severe that the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention has deemed chronic disease to be ‘‘the public health challenge of the 21st cen-tury.’’ We can reduce lifestyle-related chronic disease and end this crisis, but that means improving and sustaining health-related behaviors. That is where the health coaches come in. They step in to fill the gap between healthcare provider recommendations and sustain-able lifestyle changes. By helping to improve individual health and wellness, health coaches get to the root of this Nation’s health crisis. I want to give my deepest thanks to the health and wellness coaches who are making the people of this Nation healthier. We should all support them in their efforts. HONORING THE RICHMOND FREE PRESS (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Richmond Free Press, an independent, Black-owned weekly newspaper that recently cele-brated its 25th anniversary. The newspaper was founded by Ray-mond H. Boone, a former Howard Uni-versity associate professor and reporter who tirelessly served as editor and pub-lisher until his death in June of 2014. The Richmond Free Press serves as a voice for all people and, since its incep-tion, has altered the media landscape of Richmond, the former Capital of the Confederacy. The paper has positively impacted the community through its news stories and its editorials. Through the leadership of Mrs. Jean Patterson Boone, advertising director and wife of the late founder, Raymond Boone, this is an award-winning publi-cation. Not only has the Richmond Free Press been a source of informa-tion for 25 years, but it has been a pil-lar in our community. Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that this recognition come during Black History Month, for the Richmond Free Press does not only chronicle history, it has made history for the last 25 years. 
f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Mr. LAWSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in honor of Black His-tory Month. It is especially meaningful to me this year as I am so proud to have the honor to represent the great people of Florida’s Fifth Congressional District. Now, more than ever, it is incumbent upon all of us to work to ensure we are protecting our beacons of democracy within our government institutions, from maintaining a vigilant and re-sponsive Department of Justice, to a robust Department of Health and Human Services, to ensuring that our Department of Education is advancing public education and protecting our Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities. One African-American who left a lasting legacy in education in Florida is John G. Riley, who was born a slave in 1857 and who died as a millionaire in 1954. Riley was a schoolteacher in Wakulla County, near Tallahassee, and later became the principal of Lincoln Academy in Tallahassee, Florida, serv-ing the community as an educator for 49 years. Riley was also the first African- American in Tallahassee to own prop-erty at the turn of the century. Today, we can all visit the John G. Riley Mu-seum for African American History and Culture to learn more about his con-tributions to the fabric of African- American history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.034 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1117 February 13, 2017 
In Jacksonville, we celebrate Mary Littlejohn Singleton, who became the first Black woman elected to the City Council in Jacksonville, Florida, and then elevated herself to be elected to the Florida Legislature, the first one since the Reconstruction era. Sin-gleton paved the way for other Black women to follow in her footsteps in the Florida Legislature, like former Con-gresswoman Carrie Meek, and our col-league, F
REDERICA WILSON , who serves now with us today. It is stories like John G. Riley’s and Singleton’s and countless others that remind me to work and lead us ahead in the future. We must think dif-ferently and act differently to affect change by working together to help our fellow men and women. I am committed to standing with the Congressional Black Caucus and to keep the fight for equality for all Americans. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH BIRTH-DAY OF OVERSEER ELVIS L. BOWMAN (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 60th birthday of my good friend, overseer Elvis L. Bow-man, the senior pastor of the Greater Mt. Tabor Christian Center in my hometown of Fort Worth, Texas. Pastor Bowman was born February 23, 1957, and became a lifelong member of Greater Mt. Tabor Christian Center and their congregation; and the church was founded by his father, E.L. Bow-man. Pastor Bowman graduated from the University of Texas in Arlington with a bachelor’s degree in business and a minor in music. He has since used his education to serve the congregation in so many wonderful ways. An accomplished musician, Pastor Bowman served as a staff musician under his father before being appointed minister of music in 1974. He then served as the Church business manager before he was appointed pastor in 2002. He was later elevated to full gospel dis-trict overseer of Tarrant County in 2008. Pastor Bowman, I wish you happy birthday, my friend, on your 60th birth-day. I wish you nothing but health and happiness. Please enjoy your special day. 
f 
LEGISLATION TO DEREGULATE GUN SILENCERS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on a warm Sunday morning, yesterday, six men in a blue truck and six men in a black truck began shooting along Griggs Road. Women and children fled. Families fled in fear of their lives. Be-cause of the gunshot noise, police were able to come, and those who were hov-ering and sheltering could dial 911 on their cell phones. So today I want to join with the law enforcement coalition who are working with former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly, who are standing up against legislation that would deregulate and allow civilians to buy silencers. It indicates that the gun lobby ap-plauds introduction of the Hearing Pro-tection Act. A quote in an article says many gun owners and sportsmen suffer severe hearing loss after years of shooting. Yet, the tool necessary to re-duce such loss is onerously neglected and taxed. What about the law enforcement offi-cers who will suffer at the hands of those who want to do us harm with si-lencers on their guns? What will hap-pen to those who will be murdered in the streets? What about them and their families? This is a legislation misdirected. This is a legislation that is unfortu-nate. I join with my fellow Americans and law enforcement officers, first re-sponders, in standing up against a non-sensical and misdirected initiative. Let’s stand with those who are to protect us and let’s protect our fami-lies and not support this legislation. f 
b1930 BLACK HISTORY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, W. E. B. Du Bois is quoted as saying: ‘‘The cost of liberty is the less than the price of repression.’’ And the cost of liberty has come at a steep price for members of the Black community. But despite this immense challenge the Black commu-nity has faced, our resiliency is what we celebrate every month during Black History Month. Every February, we get together to talk about it, highlight it, and share with school children, friends, and fam-ily the accomplishments of the men and women who changed the course of American history. We thank these pio-neers for expanding what we believed possible and use them as an inspiration for the fight that remains. There have been so many African- American pioneers in every field, in-cluding medicine. Dr. James McCune Smith was the first African American to earn a medical degree and practice medicine in the U.S.; Dr. Daniel Hale Williams owned the first Black-owned hospital and is credited with the first successful heart surgery performed by an African American; Dr. Charles Drew—many have heard of him—re-nowned for his research during World War II which allowed for us to better understand blood plasma and its stor-age for transfusions. More recently, Dr. Regina Benjamin became the first Black woman elected to the American Medical Association Board of Trustees and was appointed the 18th surgeon general by President Barack Obama in 2009. Each of these medical pioneers broke barriers for the betterment of the com-munity, and each worked to use tools of their profession to improve the health of each patient they treat and also for future generations. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shared similar responsibil-ities, but on a much, much wider scale, Mr. Speaker. The agency, as you know, of HHS is tasked with enhancing and protecting the health of all American citizens. However, the recent appoint-ment of Dr. Tom Price as HHS Sec-retary threatens to roll back the progress pioneered by Black medical professions and the progress made under President Barack Obama. Dr. Price, as many of you know and as has been documented and seen on television on the cable news shows, was very hostile, extremely hostile, and openly hostile to the Affordable Care Act during the time that he was in Congress, despite the law ultimately extending health insurance for close to 20 million Americans who didn’t have it before. That is what is so amazing that a doctor would take that view. Because of the ACA, 2.3 million Afri-can Americans between the ages of 18 and 64 gained coverage, and the unin-sured rate, among African Americans, fell by nearly 7 percent. In the district that I represent, 47,000 more residents now have coverage thanks to the ACA. And for the district that I represent, that is pretty significant. People hear a lot about the Texas miracle and about all the jobs and the economic growth in the State of Texas. Despite living in Dallas-Fort Worth— one of the most vibrant economies in the entire world, quite frankly—it had the highest uninsured rate out of any congressional district in the country. It is a shame that, with that type of prosperity, we would have such a large group of people—over 1 million people collectively when you include people outside of the district that I rep-resent—in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex who don’t have insurance. It is really a shame. We cannot let the progress forged by African-American trailblazers be undermined by a Sec-retary of Health and Human Services who does not see how expanding healthcare access can help better health outcomes for African Ameri-cans. Similarly, in an area of history where we saw historic tenures of both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.036 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1118 February 13, 2017 
Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch as At-torneys General, the recent confirma-tion of Jeff Sessions as Attorney Gen-eral is very troubling and really a bla-tant reminder that we must remain vigilant for those who would like to turn back the clock on the civil rights progress that African Americans fought and died for, particularly when you start talking about voter fraud. It seems like right now what we are starting to see is the very beginning of people who are against the gains that have been made. They are trying to lay the groundwork so they can go in and do some really, really serious oppres-sion. And that is absolutely scary just because that was a chapter in our country’s history that we don’t want to go back to. We want to know that the new Attor-ney General is going to be working for us and not trying to undermine us when it comes to people being able to exercise their suffrage. And in the Sen-ate Chamber, a very esteemed col-league in Congress, Senator W
ARREN , brought much attention to a letter that Coretta Scott King wrote oppos-ing Senator Session’s consideration for a Federal judgeship. This Chamber has yet to hear Mrs. King’s words in a letter that she used to highlight the brutal harm Sessions could wreak on voting rights. And if you look at her letter, it simply states: ‘‘Free exercise of voting rights is so fundamental to American democracy that we cannot tolerate any form of in-fringement of those rights. Of all the groups who have been disenfranchised in our nation’s history, none has strug-gled longer or suffered more in the at-tempt to win the vote than black citi-zens. No group has had access to the ballot box denied so persistently and intently.’’ And Mrs. King continued: ‘‘The ac-tions taken by Mr. Sessions in regards to the 1984 voting fraud prosecutions represent just one more technique used to intimidate black voters and thus deny them this most precious fran-chise. The investigations into the ab-sentee voting process were conducted only in the black belt counties where blacks had finally achieved political power in local government. Whites had been using the absentee process to their advantage for years, without inci-dent. Then, when blacks, realizing its strength, began to use it with success, criminal investigations were begun.’’ Mrs. King went on to state: ‘‘In fact, Mr. Sessions sought to punish older black civil rights activists, advisers and colleagues of my husband, who had been key figures in the civil rights movement in the 1960’s. These were persons who, realizing the potential of the absentee vote among blacks, had learned to use the process within the bounds of legality and had taught oth-ers to do the same.’’ And that is what I am talking about, Mr. Speaker, is that sort of attitude, that sort of hostility towards the Afri-can-American community when it comes to the right of suffrage, the right to vote that we hold so precious— that all of us are worried about. But Mrs. King went on to describe why she believes Jeff Sessions would do irreparable harm to her husband’s civil rights legacy. ‘‘The exercise of the franchise,’’ she states, ‘‘is an essential means by which our citizens ensure that those who are governing will be responsible. My husband called it the number one civil right. The denial of access to the ballot box ultimately re-sults in the denial of other funda-mental rights. For, it is only when the poor and disadvantaged are empowered that they are able to participate ac-tively in the solutions to their own problems. ‘‘We still have a long way to go be-fore we can say that minorities no longer need be concerned about dis-crimination at the polls. Blacks, His-panics, Native Americans and Asian Americans are grossly underrep-resented at every level of government in America. If we are going to make our timeless dream of justice through democracy a reality, we must take every step possible to ensure that the spirit and intent of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the 15th Amendment to the Constitution is honored.’’ And with that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to a Member of this body that is no stranger when it comes to civil rights, knew Mrs. King, knew many of the key players and figures, and was a key player and figure himself, and that is the gentleman from South Carolina. I would like to recognize our assistant leader, J
IMCLYBURN , to come and talk on this topic of Black History Month and some of the things that are so im-portant to our community this month and why we are going to continue to talk about these issues. Mr. CLYBURN. Thank you very much for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to join my colleagues and people through-out the United States to celebrate Black History Month. It may come as a surprise to some that Black History Month is also celebrated in Canada and the United Kingdom, although they do so in the United Kingdom in the month of October. Thanks to the hard work and persist-ence of Carter G. Woodson and the As-sociation for the Study of Negro Life and History, known today as the Asso-ciation for the Study of African Amer-ican Life and History, the celebration of Black history was inaugurated in 1926. In response to Mr. Woodson’s ad-vocacy, it was to be for 1 week, the sec-ond week in February, in order to enve-lope the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln, February 12, and Frederick Douglass, February 14. First proposed by students at Kent University in 1969 and 1970, the week was officially expanded to a month in 1976. Gerald Ford was President at the time. When the month was established, President Ford urged the country to ‘‘honor the too-often neglected accom-plishments of black Americans.’’ There is a lot of talk about health care these days, and in no area has the contribu-tions of African Americans been more neglected and dishonored as much as in the field of health care. How many people are aware of the contributions of Charles Drew who un-locked the secrets that led to the abil-ity to perform blood transfusions; or Daniel Hale Williams who performed the first successful open-heart surgery; or Samuel Kountz who performed the first successful kidney transplant not done on identical twins? Because of these and many other slights in many other fields, Mr. Speaker, I have not al-ways celebrated this occasion with pleasure. During those discussions back in the late 1960s and early 1970s, I, and many others, felt that the appropriate action was not just to expand from 1 week to a month but to mandate the incorpora-tion of African-Americans’ contribu-tions and achievements throughout the curricula of all of our schools year round. But, with each passing day, I grow more and more appreciative and re-spective of a lesson taught in 1 Corin-thians 11:13, which I share with you in JIMCLYBURN ’s version. ‘‘When I was a child, young and inexperienced, I spoke with the reasoning and understanding of a child, but as I grew and matured, I put those childish thoughts, expres-sions, and ways behind me.’’ I have come to understand, Mr. Speaker, that Black History Month is not only about celebrating past achievements and contributions. It is also a time for reflection and intro-spection. b1945 Aristotle once intoned: ‘‘A life with-out contemplation is not worth liv-ing.’’ I have spent a lot of introspective moments over the last several weeks. Over the last several days, I have re-flected on the comments made by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., at the annual meeting of the Medical Committee for Human Rights back in 1966, when he said: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ That is what was on my mind when I addressed this House on the day that we passed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. On that occasion, I referred to the Affordable Care Act as the civil rights act of the 21st century. It may seem a bit odd to some to hear the Affordable Care Act referred to as a civil rights act, but that is ex-actly what it is. The Affordable Care Act outlawed discrimination against children with preexisting conditions, outlawed discrimination against people with disabilities, and outlawed dis-crimination against women just be-cause they are women. Mr. Speaker, I want to believe that we have grown and matured beyond where we were when our country al-lowed insurance companies to discrimi-nate against women with breast cancer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.037 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1119 February 13, 2017 
and men with prostate cancer. I would like to believe, Mr. Speaker, that we have put behind us the childish prac-tice of kicking children off of their family insurance policies as soon as they turn 21, even if they are still in school or have not yet found employ-ment. Mr. Speaker, what could be more childish and immature than allowing insurance companies to deny benefits to the sick and disabled in order to gain big bonuses and payouts for execu-tives? These arguments are not new. In fact, they are reminiscent of an age-old debate. Fifty years ago, during my years of student protest, there were those who urged us to slow down. You are pushing too hard, too fast, they would say. Some of those who wanted a slower ap-proach claimed to be on our side, like those eight White ministers who im-plored Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., to slow down, arguing that Christianity took 2,000 years to accomplish all it has. Those ministers believed that the escalation of marches and demonstra-tions to secure civil rights was unwise and untimely. In 1963, while sitting in the Bir-mingham city jail, Dr. King started penning a letter that, of course, he fin-ished after leaving jail, but in that let-ter he dealt with the whole issue of time. In his letter, Dr. King said: ‘‘Time itself is neutral; it can be used either destructively or construc-tively.’’ He continued: ‘‘More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than the people of good will. We will have to re-pent in this generation not merely for the hateful word and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people.’’ Dr. King continued: ‘‘Human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitably; it comes through the tireless efforts of men’’—and, I might add, women— ‘‘willing to be coworkers with God, and without this hard work, time itself be-comes an ally of the forces of social stagnation. We must use time cre-atively, in the knowledge that time is always ripe to do right.’’ I believe these words ring true today, in our current situation. Our Nation has waited for nearly a century to find a way to bring all its citizens into the healthcare system. The time was ripe to do right for the American people. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank our assistant leader for his comments. He has such a plethora of information when it comes to the civil rights move-ment. He knew Reverend Abernathy and a lot of figures that aren’t as well known, like A. G. Gaston and James Farmer from my family’s hometown in Marshall, Texas. He is able to bring all of that in today and tie it into the rel-evance of what we are working on here in Congress. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), a friend here on the House floor from Houston. She is a fellow Texan that also knows about Black history just because so much of great Black history in our country has been made in Harris Coun-ty, in Houston, Texas. I thank her for participating on this very important Special Order hour. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank my friends and distinguished leaders of this Special Order, Congressman VEASEY of Texas and Congresswoman P
LASKETT of the Virgin Islands. As I begin today, I want to pose a question that was posed by Eddie Chambers. Chambers is a professor of art and art history at the University of Texas in Austin. As I say that, let me respond to Con-gressman V
EASEY and indicate that we do have a lot of history in Harris Coun-ty, but also in the State of Texas. Also, I had the privilege of working for the Southern Christian Leadership Con-ference during the leadership of, then, Ralph David Abernathy and met Hosea Williams and many of the foot soldiers that worked with Dr. King. I can see the historic perspective that they were able to garner by their experience and association with this great modern-day profit, a man who understood that in-justice anywhere is injustice every-where. As I answer the question, I want to cite from Eddie Chambers’ article that appeared in the Chronicle today. He said in one of his sentences: ‘‘Is there an important place for a celebration that might well appear in some re-spects as anachronistic? ‘‘In a word,’’ he said, ‘‘yes.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘As a professor whose classes invariably deal with as-pects of African-American history and African Diaspora history, any moment of doubt I might have about the valid-ity of Black History Month are dis-pelled once classes begin each semes-ter. I am still shocked and saddened at the level of ignorance among students of important events and personalities that are part of African-American his-tory, and consequently, American his-tory. I don’t, of course, blame my stu-dents, and this ignorance is by no means restricted to students of a par-ticular ethnicity or cultural back-ground.’’ In other words, he said: ‘‘Widespread ignorance of Black American history leads to an insufficient grasp of Amer-ican history.’’ So my few words tonight will explain or highlight the fact that this is a need for not only African-American History Month, which is February, but it needs to be taught throughout the year and integrated into the education of all students, no matter where they live; and it is shameful testimony that the books that children are learning from, the curriculum, is so missing, so lack-ing in the history that is American his-tory—African-American history. My challenge tonight is for those of my colleagues who are listening, those educators in primary and secondary education, in colleges, Ivy League and otherwise, what is your answer to the question: Is it now still time to cele-brate and commemorate Black History Month? What are you doing about it? I know that Texas is certainly full and rich with history, although our schoolbooks do not denote that. In fact, there was a vigorous fight with the Texas education board on their lack of responsibility in terms of in-sisting on textbooks that had an accu-rate recounting of Black history. Certainly, we know—I hope that we know—the names of Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm, the first woman Afri-can American to run for President; my colleague and former predecessor, the Honorable Barbara Jordan, who in the Judiciary Committee said, ‘‘We, the people,’’ and repeated a statement of the importance of the Constitution; ac-tivists like Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, and Sojourner Truth. Secretary Hillary Clinton and myself introduced legislation to put the first American bust, that of Sojourner Truth, in the United States Capitol, where she sits today. Who would have known her name, had it not been for the celebration through that legisla-tion of over 2,500 women who came to celebrate the placing of this bust? Astronaut Mae Jemison still remains the first African-American woman to go into space. We have mathematicians Catherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughn, and Mary Jackson, who I be-lieve are evidenced in the film ‘‘Hidden Figures.’’ ‘‘Fences’’ is another great movie of great history. We have Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwen-dolyn Brooks. All of these are evidence of great people. Or the likes of Ruby Mosley, who started with the city of Houston but was an activist and is an activist in Acres Homes. Not one thing of good news happened in Acres Homes and around the city without Ruby Mosley’s great leadership. She is still going. Barbara Jordan, Mickey Leland, Craig Washington, and myself, who served in this seat in the 18th Congres-sional District, fought to make sure that seniors had housing, make sure their Social Security and city services were there, and standing up to fight for civil rights. There were so many like Ruby Mosley. All of them should be placed in literature to announce their greatness. And then, of course, let me say how proud I am to have a father by the name of Ezra C. Jackson, one of the first African-American cartoonists working in New York City in the media of comic books. He was a strange figure there. Tragically and unfortunately, as the White men begin to return after World War II, the African Americans who worked during that time, since he was the youngest of four sons—three went to World War II—were displaced. Racism. But yet I am so proud of him for being such an astute and brilliant artist. So much of his work still re-mains, shown in the Smithsonian in its early stages of putting together the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.039 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1120 February 13, 2017 
National Museum of African American History and Culture. Also, my father-in-law, Phillip Fer-guson Lee, one of the Tuskegee Air-men. Clearly, it began as an experi-ment to determine whether colored sol-diers were capable of operating expen-sive and complex combat aircraft but ended as an unqualified success, based on the experience of the Tuskegee Air-men, whose record included 261 aircraft destroyed, 141 aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties, and 1,578 missions over Italy and north Africa. This past weekend, we buried a church member of mine, Clyde Alex-ander, who was also a Tuskegee Air-man. To both of those men, we pay tribute, and I ask the question: How many textbooks in America, in school districts, rural and urban, have the story about the Tuskegee Airmen? Is the question: Do we need to cele-brate and commemorate Black history? If that is the question, then the answer is not only a resounding yes, but what are you doing in the academic institu-tions across America to ensure that we tell the story not of African American history or Black history, but of Amer-ican history? Let me finish my remarks by adding a challenge evidenced in the Los Ange-les Times. One of the things that comes out of the commemoration of African-Amer-ican history is a connection to the di-aspora. The Congressional Black Cau-cus has been the singular connecting force to the diaspora, whether it is to the Caribbean; whether it is to the Af-rican Brazilians in Brazil who happen to be of Nigerian heritage; whether it is, as I indicated, in the Caribbean, where my parents and grandparents came from, from Jamaica; from Pan-ama, where my grandfather worked on the Panama Canal. All of this is part of the portfolio of the Congressional Black Caucus, and I thank our chair-man, Mr. R
ICHMOND . b2000 We have been the strongest voices on these issues. Mickey Leland, who was my predecessor, died on the side of an Ethiopian mountain because he cared about the horrible and devastating drought that was killing those in the region and he continued to want to take them food and to hold dying ba-bies in his hands. Now we have a new challenge, and that is of Somalia, a new hunger emer-gency. Millions are going to die if this President does not recognize that his responsibilities include not only being the Commander in Chief, but many times the chief humanitarian of the world. In the last drought, some 350,000 chil-dren died in this region because of star-vation. Right now they are expecting that starvation is going to impact hun-dreds of thousands of women and chil-dren. This is a picture of a woman and her child walking by the dead goats that would be the source of their liveli-hood because there is no water. As I close my remarks, I call upon this Congress and I call upon this President to get the wheels back on the White House and begin to recognize that America has always been the com-forter in receiving refugees, and it has always been a friend of the continent of Africa. There are Members of Congress who have gone to Africa in times of need, but we have also worked with the administration, from George Bush to Bill Clinton, to Barack Obama and many others, who recognized that we are connected to the continent of Afri-ca by the very slaves who were brought here. Let us fight for Somalia to survive. I call upon my fellow colleagues to join me in legislation dealing with the star-vation here, that we can raise up hu-manitarian dollars and efforts to save the lives of hundreds of thousands who are now on the brink of starving. That is what this month commemorates, not only the African American history, but the diaspora of which we are so con-nected. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for shar-ing that great information and talking about some of the highlights that Black Americans have made toward our story when it comes to African American History Month this Feb-ruary. I now yield to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, STACY PLASKETT , who is here tonight to also talk about contributions from the part of the world that she represents. I thank her for her efforts here tonight and for being part of this Special Order hour. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman M
ARC VEASEY for assisting me and for being a leader in this Special Order hour for the Con-gressional Black Caucus. Of course, I thank the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, our friend and colleague, the Honorable C
EDRIC RICHMOND , for his continued leadership of both our caucus and on issues impacting Black America and minority communities across this Nation. Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is a time to reflect on notable African- American icons, their achievements as a people, and our continued struggle for a more perfect Union. Not only does it serve as a source of great pride and an anchor to the African descendants in the African-American community, but it is also a vehicle to educate the masses on the totality of the Black ex-perience throughout the history of this Nation. As we gather this evening to cele-brate the life, legacy, and achievement of African descendants, it is important to remember the journey told and em-ploy the same resilient spirit in our continued push for fair and equal ac-cess to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus is a body of 49 members in both houses of Congress representing mil-lions of African Americans and other minorities and majority people across this country. We are alarmed by the re-cent actions of this administration and the threat those actions pose to the hard-fought progress of African de-scendants and minorities in this coun-try. The nomination of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General for many minorities across this country was a direct affront to the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Stokely Carmichael, our col-league JOHNLEWIS, and the many oth-ers who sacrificed and dedicated their lives to the civil rights movement and the right to vote. The concerns ex-pressed by the great Coretta Scott King 30 years ago about the dubious past of Mr. Sessions with respect to en-forcing civil rights laws remain the same for many Americans today. Mr. Speaker, the American Dream was, in fact, made possible by the plight of Af-rican descendants, and we must remain vigilant and steadfast in the fight against racial, social, and economic in-justice. Mr. Speaker, I want to raise another area of concern that African Americans have, and that is for health care. My district of the U.S. Virgin Islands, home to the first African-American fe-male physician in Congress, my es-teemed predecessor, Donna Christensen, like many underserved communities across the country, is ad-versely impacted by disparate health outcomes. Diabetes, hypertension, along with funding for disease such as sickle cell, may be adversely affected in this administration. Programs for nutrition and preventative health, like Temporary Assistance for Needy Fami-lies, or TANF, and Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Programs, or SNAP, provide critical food to the neediest in all of our communities, especially mine, the Virgin Islands, and especially to our children. Repeal of the Affordable Care Act would create unhealthy African-Amer-ican communities. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed, nearly half of the African-American adults who didn’t have health insurance now have health insurance. Under the Affordable Care Act, the number of working-age Afri-can-American adults who are unin-sured has been cut from 27 percent to 14 percent, the lowest rate ever. The number of African-American children without insurance also decreased to the lowest rate ever, negative 5 per-cent. Repealing the Affordable Care Act would take away coverage for more than 3.3 million African Americans. In my district, we are looking for ways to expand coverage, not to remove or re-peal it. Members of this caucus and members before us have offered policy solutions and continue to push policies and ini-tiatives that would help African-Amer-ican communities because we know the work that our communities have done, the work of our forefathers to ensure that we have a place at the table; indi-viduals like Shirley Chisholm, as was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.040 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1121 February 13, 2017 
spoken about by my colleague S HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE. People who have come to America to be part of the experience of the African diaspora are people from many parts of the Caribbean. Right now we have Congresswoman Y
VETTE  C
LARKE , representing the Ninth Dis-trict of New York, of Jamaican de-scent. Other notable Jamaicans who have served this country: General Colin Powell, the first Black U.S. Secretary of State; Constance Baker Motley, the first Black woman appointed to the Federal bench; our previous Attorney General, Eric Holder, whose family hails from Barbados; Cicely Tyson, the Academy Award-nominated actress whose family is from Nevis; Edward Blyden, from my own St. Thomas, who has been known as the father of pan- Africanism; Hubert Harrison, a promi-nent political activist, writer, and ora-tor; and my own special hero, Ruby Rouss of the island of St. Croix, who was the first Black woman assigned as a permanent staff of the Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe. It is the work of these great African Americans and those who are not her-alded and those that we don’t know. Ms. J
ACKSON LEEtalked about her own family members. My own father, LeRoy Plaskett, and my mother, who came from the Virgin Islands and went to New York as older siblings to give back and to ensure that their younger siblings could have the things needed back home in the Virgin Islands. They have given a legacy for all of us, and we are so grateful for the work they have all done. I spoke of Congress-woman Y
VETTE CLARKE of New York. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to another distinguished member of the New York delegation, my col-league, the great H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , who has led this Special Order before and who I look to for guidance on how to continue the great work that he and J
OYCE BEATTY did previously. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for her very kind re-marks and for yielding and for the tre-mendous job that she and my class-mate, M
ARCVEASEY , have done in lead-ing this CBC Special Order hour over this 115th Congress during the last few weeks. We stand here today in the midst of Black History Month where many Afri-can Americans throughout the country are asking the question: What do we do now that the unthinkable has oc-curred? As a community, as a nation, we have gone from the Presidency—distin-guished and dynamic 8 years—of Barack Obama to the current situation where we have a swamp percolating at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue under the leadership of Donald J. Trump. He began Black History Month by saying that he was convening folks for what he called his little Black history breakfast. Those of us who actually watched some of the coverage seemed perplexed by his reference to the great Frederick Douglass as if he was still alive. If anyone has any questions about the relevance of Black History Month, we can start by noting that perhaps it is important to make sure that the Nation’s Commander in Chief understands the contributions that Af-rican Americans have made to the United States of America, going all the way back to the Boston Massacre, where one of its leaders, Crispus Attucks, was the first American killed at the onset of the American Revolu-tion in connection with the Boston Massacre, challenging the unjust tax-ation policies of the British Empire. Now, the 45th President of the United States of America asked a question over the last several months: What ex-actly do Black folks have to lose? Many of us were perplexed by that question, given his history, and actu-ally think that you have lost your mind if you come to the conclusion that the current occupant of 1600 Penn-sylvania Avenue has any interest in making a positive difference in the lives of people of color generally, Afri-can Americans specifically, perhaps be-cause of his own history. We know that in the early 1970s The Trump Organization, of which he was president, was sued by the Justice De-partment for racial discrimination in the housing stock that they owned, where they were denying African Americans and people of Puerto Rican ancestry access to apartments, not-withstanding their economic qualifica-tions to be renters or co-op owners. I would just note parenthetically that it was the Nixon Justice Depart-ment—not the Kennedy Justice De-partment or the Johnson Justice De-partment or the Carter Justice Depart-ment or the Clinton Justice Depart-ment or the Obama Justice Depart-ment—that concluded that Donald J. Trump and his organization was dis-criminating on the basis of race. Those of us from New York under-stand that the current occupant of the White House was the leader of the high-tech lynch mob designed to try to get the wrongfully convicted Central Park Five sentenced to death, taking out a full-page ad in some of the local periodicals in New York calling for that. It turns out that all five individ-uals were wrongfully convicted and spent years in jail for a crime they did not commit. Donald J. Trump has never apologized for that reckless and irresponsible action. Then, of course, for 5 years he per-petrated the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of America, all designed to un-dermine the legitimacy of the 44th President of the United States of America, which is why here in Black History Month it is very interesting to me that some of my friends on the other side of the aisle question whether we, as members of the Congressional Black Caucus, or others are being irre-sponsible in not giving the current President a chance. How dare you ask that question. From the beginning of the Presidency of Barack Obama, you declared war on him. You followed a philosophy that may be familiar to those of us who are familiar with the history of the Deep South: obstruction today, obstruction tomorrow, obstruction forever. b2015 Mr. MCCONNELL declared that his top priority was to make Barack Obama a one-term President. And yet, he ques-tions whether Americans, who are part of the growing resistance movement, have failed to give Donald Trump a chance. Let’s be clear. He has zero credibility on the issue of lecturing us about Presidential etiquette. We will decide what the rules of engagement are when it comes to this current President. Pipe down as it relates to talking to any of us about how to en-gage the White House because he has no credibility on the issue. His obstruc-tion took place in the midst of two failed wars in the worst economy since the Great Depression. So we have got a lot of issues that we have got to sort out with this current President here in Black History Month, both for the African-American commu-nity and for the broader community of Americans in blue States, in red States, in urban America, in rural America, in suburban America, in the north, the south, the east, and the west. And I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Congres-sional Black Caucus, and others, to tackle issues like criminal justice re-form, to fix the Voting Rights Act that was damaged in such an irresponsible way by the Supreme Court decision in Shelby County v. Holder, and to work to build an economy that works for all Americans, not simply the millionaires and billionaires who dominate the Trump Cabinet. I thank my distinguished colleague from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for giving me the opportunity to share some thoughts today. I thank my col-league, M
ARCVEASEY , for his continued leadership. And I look forward to hear-ing my distinguished colleague, B
REN-
DALAWRENCE , from Motown. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. V
EASEY . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ), who is my classmate and one of my very good dear friends. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative M
ARC V
EASEY from Texas, who has been an amazing advocate for voting rights and has been standing with the people in Texas across this country for American values with the refugee ban. And I can’t say enough about my col-league, my freshman class member, S
TACY PLASKETT , from the beautiful Virgin Islands. Her commitment to being a voice for people who are often not heard has been one that has been valuable, not only to us here in Con-gress but for this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.042 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1122 February 13, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is a time to celebrate our progress while recognizing the challenges that we still face today. The President, Donald Trump, posed the question to African Americans ask-ing: What do you have to lose? Our Black history is outlined with the great progress and hard sacrifices endured by our forefathers. Under this administration and under these current circumstances that we are dealing with, yes, Mr. President, we have a lot to lose. We have a lot to lose for every point of progress that we have made in this country. And for every hard fought step forward, we have a lot to lose. Instead of draining the swamp, this administration is filling it with un-qualified and dangerous megadonors. Our basic rights and privileges included in our Constitution are under the risk of being attacked under this adminis-tration. Old battles that we fought and celebrate the wins, such as equal rights and quality education and criminal jus-tice, have now begun again anew. How are they under attack, you would ask? Well, let’s go appointment by appointment. Under DeVos’ leadership, our edu-cation system is under attack. African Americans have historically fought for equal access and oppor-tunity in education. African Americans had to suffer through the Jim Crow era to fight a segregated education system. They were forced to learn under a system that was both separate and unequal. African Americans have faced and fought against injustice in the edu-cation system ever since our emanci-pation. And now, in 2017, our Secretary of Education is Betsy DeVos. And frank-ly, she is not qualified to be the Sec-retary of Education because she has zero experience in public education, and she is not the right person to lead our public schools. Being a millionaire does not mean you are qualified to di-rect good policy. We have real issues in Detroit. Under DeVos’ direct involvement in Michigan public schools, we now have a chal-lenge in our city of Detroit with school deserts. Some of you may not have heard about that. But a school desert is where a community does not have a local public school to attend. This means a family’s only opportunity to educate their children would be to go to a for-profit charter school that is miles away, and there is no public transportation given for your child to get there, so you are in a school desert. Our Secretary of Education should be enforcing civil rights equality and making sure that every child is edu-cated in America, and this includes children of color who can’t advocate for themselves. Funneling taxpayer dollars to private religious schools is a step backwards. Resegregation masked under the guise of school of choice is a step backwards. So let’s talk about Secretary Ses-sions. Our criminal justice system is under attack. Civil rights icons that we know and celebrate during Black History Month, like Martin Luther King and our amaz-ing Congressman J
OHNLEWIS, endured pain and suffering during a peaceful protest and support of voting rights in 1965. Disproportionate injustices against African Americans and minorities did not end with the civil rights move-ment. Today, we fight for equality under the law. This fight continues. Now, we have Senator Jeff Sessions charged with leading the Justice De-partment. His record speaks for itself. He was denied for a position as a Fed-eral court judge speaks volumes. Clearly, there seems to be a certain amount of fear of the truth when it comes from the mouth of Coretta Scott King. We cannot go backwards. African Americans have worked hard to be a part of the fabric of this country through education, and health care is one of them. Let’s talk about Charles Drew, who, with his research, developed a tech-nique to have blood banks that we can use in transfusions; Daniel Williams, the first person to successfully com-plete open-heart surgery; and Dr. Pa-tricia Bath, whose invention in cata-ract lenses transformed eye surgery, and she was the first African-American woman doctor to receive a patent for a medical invention. Now, our society’s most vulnerable stand to lose something that we fought so hard for, and that is ensuring every-one receives health care in America, ACA. Women should not be charged more for insurance than a man. The sick shouldn’t be denied insurance be-cause of preexisting conditions. And Republicans instead want to repeal, take away, the ACA without any plan to replace it. We are going backwards. This month, we celebrate how far we have come. We celebrate the progress of the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act. We celebrate the heros and sheros who paved the way. We have come too far to go back now. That is why I am proud to be a mem-ber of the Congressional Black Caucus, along with others who have fought for Americans’ equality and for the mil-lions of Americans we represent. It is time for us to remember the great progress we have made as a nation. It is time to remember the past injustices so that we never repeat them. The sac-rifices of those who came before us must never be forgotten. Their sac-rifices must not be in vain. During this month of remembrance, let us all remember we are not going back. We, the African-American com-munity, we Americans, we are moving forward. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. L
AWRENCE so much for that discussion and inspiration she has given us. We are not going to go back. We have heard from so many of our colleagues about the achievements of African Americans. But not just the achievements—the struggles, and the issues that we are facing today. Mr. Speaker, we heard from Con-gresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE, who outlined not just the past struggles of African Americans and their achieve-ments, but also about the rising con-cerns throughout the African diaspora when she talked about what is hap-pening in Somalia and other places, and the fact that African Americans have a duty to support other diasporas and the work that they are doing and the struggles they have. We heard about the Affordable Care Act from our assistant leader, Mr. C
LY-
BURN , the civil rights movement, the work that was done, and the assault that is occurring now on some of those issues. So we, as the Congressional Black Caucus, have a duty to present those issues here before you all, our col-leagues, here in Congress, Mr. Speaker, to put those issues on the R
ECORD so that we can expound on them. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. V
EASEY if there is anything else that he wanted to discuss or that he reflected on in hearing some of the words that our col-leagues spoke about today. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the Vir-gin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for offering that to me. There were several things that I heard that were deeply inspiring, yet deeply troubling at the same time. It is amazing how when you start talking about Black history, and you get ready to apply it to present day, you under-stand just how important it is that we do bridge those two things—the his-tory, the future, and where we are at today. If you look at education, for in-stance, I know that B
RENDA LAWRENCE  talked about the school desert phe-nomena and how there are some neigh-borhoods where there are no neighbor-hood schools. That is really sad. Be-cause when you think about Brown v. Board of Education and some of the things that were brought out about people having to travel great distances just to be able to get an education, and now you start looking at today in mod-ern-day America and there still are no neighborhood schools, there is still seg-regation in schools, and then you see a Secretary of Education who wants to try to implement plans that many say would resegregate the schools, would eliminate neighborhood schools, that is what brought us here. The neighbor-hood school is what brought us here. That is what allowed us to have so many great inventions when you start talking about the inventions in Black History Month, when you learn about medicine, when you start talking about science, almost all of those people mentioned, even during that time of some of the most awful segregation in our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.043 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1123 February 13, 2017 
And I think about that in my own family. I have a high school invitation from the 1930s in a little town called Henderson in Rusk County. I think L
OUIE GOHMERT is the representative there. When you open up the high school invitation—it is from my grand-mother’s first cousin—and it says Hen-derson Negro High School, and the graduation will be held at the Hender-son Negro High School auditorium. I like to bring that up because when people start asking: Well, why is there Black History Month— Ms. PLASKETT. So we don’t forget. Mr. VEASEY. So we don’t forget. But before there was a Black History Month, people started putting those things—Black, Negro, colored, what-ever it may happen to be for that time period—in front of schools. They didn’t put White in front of there. There was no Henderson White High School. It was the Negro High School. b2030 I think the important thing in our trying to bridge all of that is we want to make sure that we don’t go back. We don’t want to take steps backwards when it comes particularly to edu-cation because all of those people, whether they went to the Henderson Negro High School, whether it be blood transfusions—whatever it may happen to be—they got there because of the in-vestment that we made in this country in our public education system. The fact that someone in a position of im-portance would want to roll back those opportunities is absolutely scary. It is the same with health care, when you start talking about health care and so many people who don’t have adequate health care. It is when we see the racial discrepancies and the life ex-pectancy amongst African Americans. An African-American man, in par-ticular, has the lowest life expectancy. And you want to remove people—20 million Americans—from having life insurance? Ms. PLASKETT. Sure. Mr. VEASEY. It is absolutely scary. I thank the gentlewoman for partici-pating in this very timely conversa-tion. We needed to have this conversa-tion with the country. Ms. PLASKETT. We did. There are some additional conversations that we need to have, but I know that our time has drawn nigh. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, February 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 543. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Amendments to the Capital Plan and Stress Test Rules [Docket No.: R-1548] (RIN: 7100 AE-59) received February 9, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 544. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulations, Office of Policy De-velopment and Research, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 545. A letter from the Special Inspector General, Office of the Special Inspector Gen-eral For The Troubled Asset Relief Program, transmitting the Office’s quarterly report on the actions undertaken by the Department of the Treasury under the Troubled Asset Relief Program; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 546. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, for Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting a report titled ‘‘Effects of Climate Change on Federal Hydropower: The Second Report to Congress’’, pursuant to Sec. 9505 of the SECURE Water Act of 2009; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 547. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Refuse to Accept Procedures for Premarket Tobacco Product Submissions; Revised Ef-fective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-1555] received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 548. A letter from the Associate Adminis-trator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Initial Report to Congress on the EPA’s Capacity to Imple-ment Certain Provisions of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act as required under Sec. 26(m)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 549. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 550. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, Department of De-fense, transmitting Transmittal No. 04-17, in-forming of an intent to sign the Memo-randum of Agreement Between the Depart-ment of Defense of the United States of America and the Kingdom of Denmark, pur-suant to Section 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 551. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-104, pursuant to Sections 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 552. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-079, pursuant to the reporting re-quirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 553. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-109, pursuant to the reporting re-quirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 554. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-101, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 555. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-096, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 556. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-084, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 557. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-133, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 558. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-127, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 559. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-119, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 560. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting determinations of the Sec-retary and the associated report, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 561. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting seventeen (17) notifications of a federal vacancy, des-ignation of acting officer, nomination, or ac-tion on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 562. A letter from the Solicitor, Federal Labor Relations Authority, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 563. A letter from the General Counsel, Na-tional Mediation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Access to Information [Docket No.: C-7156] (RIN: 3140-AA00) re-ceived February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 564. A letter from the Acting Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, United States v. Robert Cardena et al., 842 F.3d 959 (7th Cir. 2016), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.044 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1124 February 13, 2017 
530D(a)(1); Public Law 107-273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 565. A letter from the Acting Assistant At-torney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting an up-date on the Bureau of Prisons’ compliance with the Revitalization Act’s privatization requirements, pursuant to Public Law 105-33, Sec. 11201(c)(2)(B); (111 Stat. 734); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 566. A letter from the Chief, Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Penalty Inflation Adjust-ment [Docket ID: BSEE-2017-0001; 17XE1700DX EX1SF0000.DAQ000 EEEE50000] (RIN: 1014-AA34) received February 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 567. A letter from the Chairman and CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure; Adjusting Civil Money Penalties for Inflation (RIN: 3052- AD16) received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 568. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Civil Monetary Pen-alties —— 2017 Adjustment [Docket No.: EP 716 (Sub-No. 2)] received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 569. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure for Early Vol-untary Country-by-Country Filing (Rev. Proc. 2017-23) received February 8, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 570. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Updated Withholding Foreign Part-nership Agreement and Withholding Foreign Trust Agreement (Rev. Proc. 2017-21) re-ceived February 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 571. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and temporary regulations — Divi-dend Equivalents from Sources within the United States [TD 9815] (RIN: 1545-BM33) re-ceived February 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 116. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings ar-rangements established by States for non- governmental employees, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-governmental employees (Rept. 115–11). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. B
ONAMICI , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER ): H.R. 1001. A bill to exempt certain veterans and other individuals from the application of the hiring freeze; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. B ARLETTA ): H.R. 1002. A bill to authorize a National Heritage Area Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 1003. A bill to authorize the establish-ment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employ-ees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 1004. A bill to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publica-tion of information relating to pending agen-cy regulatory actions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Miss R
ICEof New York): H.R. 1005. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia): H.R. 1006. A bill to clarify the rights of all persons who are held or detained at a port of entry or at any detention facility overseen by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. KING of New York, and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.R. 1007. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a task force on Agent Orange exposure; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SOTO (for himself and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 1008. A bill to ensure reliable observa-tion of hurricanes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MITCHELL (for himself, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. P ALMER ): H.R. 1009. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs to review regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1010. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to expand the definition of an unauthorized alien to include aliens who have not been admitted to and are not lawfully present in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1011. A bill to make clear that an agency outside of the Department of Health and Human Services may not designate, ap-point, or employ special consultants, fellows, or other employees under subsection (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1012. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the dollar limi-tation on employer-provided group term life insurance that can be excluded from the gross income of the employee; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 1013. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the above-the- line deduction for certain expenses of ele-mentary and secondary school teachers to individuals involved in early childhood edu-cation programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self, Ms. L
EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. S
ERRANO ): H.R. 1014. A bill to designate Haiti under section 244 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to permit nationals of Haiti to be eligible for temporary protected status under such section; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 1015. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.000 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1125 February 13, 2017 
income tax for qualified conservation con-tributions which include National Scenic Trails; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Mr. S ERRANO ): H.R. 1016. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to establish an Office of Inspector General in the Executive Office of the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 1017. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screen-ing tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is required during the screen-ing; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS (for himself and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 1018. A bill to replace the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion with a 5-person commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 1019. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 255 West Main Street Charlottes-ville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Justice Antonin G. Scalia Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 1020. A bill to allow the manufacture, importation, distribution, and sale of inves-tigational drugs and devices intended for use by terminally ill patients who execute an in-formed consent document, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 1021. A bill to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. B EYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S OTO, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. F OS-
TER, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 1022. A bill to provide that 6 of the 12 weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 1023. A bill to create penalties for massage establishment owners and employ-ees who fail to report knowledge or reason-able suspicion of sexual assault; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 1024. A bill to amend section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, to require that annual budget submissions of the President to Congress provide an estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit and of the public debt; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 1025. A bill to provide for media cov-erage of Federal appellate court proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. P AULSEN ): H.R. 1026. A bill to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to ex-tend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Ms. D
ELAURO , and Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut): H.R. 1027. A bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to improve access to, and the delivery of, children’s health serv-ices through school-based health centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 1028. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, United States Code, with respect to conges-tion mitigation and metropolitan transpor-tation planning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself and Mr. S
CALISE ): H.J. Res. 71. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Office of Natural Resources Rev-enue of the Department of the Interior relat-ing to consolidated Federal oil and gas and Federal and Indian coal valuation reform; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CHABOT: H. Res. 114. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Small Business in the One Hundred Fif-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. SESSIONS: H. Res. 115. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Rules in the One Hundred Fifteenth Con-gress; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself and Mr. CUMMINGS ): H. Res. 117. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. P OCAN ): H. Res. 118. A resolution expressing support for the designation of February 14 of each year as International Flower Workers’ Day, in acknowledgment of workers in flower-pro-ducing countries and to demonstrate the commitment of the United States to prac-tices that respect labor rights in other coun-tries; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H. Res. 119. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on the Judiciary in the One Hundred Fif-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H. Res. 120. A resolution expressing the sense of the House with regard to the courts’ actions against President Trump’s executive order; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. M ENG, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H. Res. 121. A resolution expressing support for health and wellness coaches and ‘‘Na-tional Health and Wellness Coach Recogni-tion Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H. Res. 122. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. DENT: H.R. 1002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 1003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.100 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1126 February 13, 2017 
By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 1004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. The bill will prevent Executive Agencies from violating the rule and spirit of the Ad-ministrative Procedures Act by requiring ad-ditional transparency about public commu-nications made by the agencies; most impor-tantly communications made with the intent of artificially promoting support for pending regulatory actions. Congress has the author-ity to limit regulations by the Executive branch under its Commerce Clause power and it is necessary and proper to introduce legislation to effectively carryout this power. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 1005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 1006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 1007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 1: Congress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 1008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 1009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, clause 7, ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, clause 1 enumerates that, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ Further, Amendment XVI states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportion-ment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 1013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 1014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 or article I of the Con-stitution, and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 1016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DENT: H.R. 1017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Article I of the Constitution, to provide for the general welfare, to regulate commerce, and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution federal powers. By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS: H.R. 1018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power ....  T o  make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 1019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States), Clause 6 (relating to post of-fices and post roads), and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 1020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 1021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 which states: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To . . . establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the power . . . to regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 1023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 1024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which pro-vides that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States,’’ and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, which provides that, ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be publish from time to time.’’ By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 1025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 1026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 1027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 1028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.J. Res. 71. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 60: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 112: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 179: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 233: Ms. D
ELBENE and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 244: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 246: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.019 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1127 February 13, 2017 
ROUZER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. B OST, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. M
EADOWS , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 275: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 281: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , H.R. 291: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 299: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 350: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. J
ORDAN , and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 355: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 367: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 389: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 391: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 392: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 394: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 402: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 421: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 428: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 459: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 469: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 502: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. K
ENNEDY , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 512: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. H IGGINS  of New York, Mr. W
ALKER , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 523: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 530: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 540: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 544: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 550: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 613: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 624: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 625: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 630: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 632: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 637: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 656: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 662: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 664: Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 671: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 686: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 691: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 696: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 710: Mr. H
ARPER and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 721: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 747: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. C AL-
VERT , and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 748: Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 756: Mr. R
USSELL and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 757: Mr. C
LAY, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 772: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 782: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 787: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Ms. J UDY C
HUof California. H.R. 800: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 804: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K EATING , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. K IHUEN , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 807: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C OLE, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. H
ARPER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 816: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. N
ORTON , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 820: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali- fornia, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 828: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. W
ALKER , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 830: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 842: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 850: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 852: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 858: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 860: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 866: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 868: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 869: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 881: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 893: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 898: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 906: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 909: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. E VANS , Mr. K
IHUEN , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 926: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 931: Mr. R
EED, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 939: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 943: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 947: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 972: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 974: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire. H.R. 976: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 997: Mr. M
ASSIE and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 998: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. C HAFFETZ . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. P
ALMER and Mr. B UDD. H.J. Res. 27: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. C
OOPER . H.J. Res. 42: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. B ABIN. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. R
OSEN , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.J. Res. 59: Ms. C
HENEY and Mr. H UDSON . H.J. Res. 66: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.J. Res. 67: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.J. Res. 69: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia. H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. S
OTO. H. Con. Res. 21: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Res. 15: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H. Res. 21: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H. Res. 23: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 28: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. L EE, Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D IAZ- BALART , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. T ENNEY . H. Res. 30: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. T HOMPSON  of California. H. Res. 31: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. T
ENNEY . H. Res. 47: Mr. F
ASO. H. Res. 57: Ms. S
PEIER . H. Res. 60: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H. Res. 72: Mr. V
ELA. H. Res. 78: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. D
EGETTE . H. Res. 79: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Res. 85: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 94: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 102: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H. Res. 104: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. K
IHUEN . H. Res. 105: Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Ms. A
DAMS . H. Res. 111: Ms. L
EE, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MS. FOXX The provisions warranting a referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.J. Res. 66 do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BY MS. FOXX The provisions warranting a referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.J. Res 67 do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
13. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Common Council of Albany, NY, relative to Resolution No. 11.12.17R (MC), opposing a wholesale repeal of the Affordable Care Act, urging Congress to protect Americans from losing health insurance, and recognizing health care as a basic human right; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 14. Also, a petition of the City Council of Akron, OH, relative to Resolution No. 15- 2017, urging the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell not to repeal the Affordable Care Act as this law has been so important for the health and wellbeing of Akron residents; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Natural Re-sources, House Administration, Rules, and Appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.015 H13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1095 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2017 No. 25 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, who sends showers to soften the Earth, You are the source of life and joy. You have challenged us to number our days, not our weeks, months, or years. Give us wisdom to comprehend the brevity and uncer-tainty of our life’s journey. Forgive us when we boast about tomorrow, forget-ting that our times are in Your hands. Today, bless our lawmakers and their staffs. Remind them that they belong to You and that You will order their steps. As they wrestle with complex issues, help them seek Your wisdom and guidance. Lord, empower them as stewards of Your bounty, making them faithful in the vocation to which You have called them. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the nomination of Ste-ven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I yield my postcloture debate time to Senator WYDEN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. Ms. HASSAN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
CABINET NOMINATIONS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, can-didate Trump ran a populist campaign that promised so much to working America. Many of those themes were actually echoed in his inaugural ad-dress, but ever since President Trump took the oath of office, he has gone about breaking promise after promise to the working people of this country. A predictable pattern is beginning to emerge. This President uses populist rhetoric to cover up a hard-right agen-da. We still hear the remnants of can-didate Trump’s populism in his speech-es, but his actions as President don’t match up. Just an hour after he had de-livered populist words on the steps of the Capitol in his inaugural address, the President signed an Executive order—his first, I believe—that jacked up the price on Americans trying to af-ford a mortgage. Ever since, we here in the Senate have been working through the Presi-dent’s Cabinet, which is filled not with champions of the working class, not with people who came from the work-ing class but with a slew of superrich nominees, Washington insiders, and corporate types who have spent their whole careers sticking it to the work-ing man. A President’s Cabinet provides in-sight into how they will govern and what their priorities will be. The Presi-dent has shown his hand by selecting the most anti-working class Cabinet we have ever seen. The slate of nominees we will soon consider, including Steve Mnuchin for Treasury, Andrew Pudzer for Labor, and RICKMULVANEY for OMB, show the yawning gap between the President’s audacious promises to working Amer-ica and the practical reality of his ad-ministration, which is steadily stack-ing the deck against them. This evening we will debate the nom-ination of Steve Mnuchin for Treasury, a Cabinet post that will have oversight over Wall Street. Candidate Trump spent the campaign lambasting elites and criticizing Wall Street. He said: 
I’m not going to let Wall Street get away with murder. Wall Street has caused tremen-dous problems for us. 
Those are his words, but what does President Trump do? With one of his first Executive orders, he started the process to try to roll back Wall Street reform, undoing protections we put in place after the financial crisis to pre-vent another one from occurring. He wants to eviscerate the one agency that sticks up for consumers when they are being ripped off by payday lenders or debt collectors—the CFPB. That is a broken promise. Candidate Trump said at his rallies: ‘‘When you cast that ballot, just pic-ture a Wall Street board room filled with the special interests . . . and imagine the look on their faces when you tell . . . them: ‘You’re fired!’’’ But President Trump told Steve Mnuchin, a Wall Street insider with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.000 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1096 February 13, 2017 
decades of experience in that board room he described, ‘‘You’re hired,’’ as his Treasury Secretary, no less. That is a broken promise. A President who is a true champion for working America would never con-sider unwinding protections that were designed to make our financial system more secure and protect hard-working Americans from the risky practices too often seen on Wall Street. For the Secretary of Labor, the President picked Andrew Puzder, a man who once said he prefers robots to human employees because, in his words, they are always polite, they al-ways upsell, they never take a vaca-tion, they never show up late, there is never a slip and fall, or an age, sex, or race discrimination case. Secretary Nominee Puzder, the guy who is supposed to be protecting labor-ers—working people—actually said that. I want to read it again. It galls me that this man is nominated for Labor Secretary. Why does he prefer robots to human employees? Secretary Puzder: They are always polite, they always upsell, they never take a vacation, they never show up late, there is never a slip and fall, or an age, sex, or race discrimination case. This is a man who has such disdain for workers that he said the minimum wage is a big mistake, and while at CKE Restaurants, his company, he con-tinually outsourced American jobs. A President who is a true champion of working America would never even consider selecting a nominee like An-drew Puzder to run the Labor Depart-ment. It is another broken promise to the working men and women of Amer-ica. Amazing. What President Trump did during the campaign and said during the cam-paign and in his inaugural address is almost the exact opposite of what he is doing now. You could not find a more anti-labor nominee for Labor Secretary than Mr. Puzder. Now, what about OMB? The Presi-dent selected Representative M
IKE M
ULVANEY , whose congressional career is a direct rebuke to key promises Can-didate Trump made to working Amer-ica. Candidate Trump promised that he was ‘‘not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Med-icaid.’’ That is a quote from Candidate Trump. But who does he choose for OMB? A pick who has relentlessly argued to cut both of these programs, including bill after bill that would end both Medicare and Social Security as we know it. Our new Health and Human Services Secretary—who, unfortunately, passed this Chamber because our Republican colleagues are just marching in lock-step to the President—is in exactly the same vein. A true champion of senior citizens, of the working man and woman, wouldn’t hire someone like Representative MULVANEY or Representative Price to take an ax to the programs they have relied on for generations. Just 3 weeks in, the administration is stretching the boundaries of cog-nitive dissonance. The President still speaks like a populist but governs like a hard-right conservative. He promises to stick up for working families, but every decision he has made is rigging the system further against them. Every American who works hard for their paycheck, who desperately de-serves fairer overtime pay, who is counting on Social Security and Medi-care to be there when they retire should look at this Cabinet and be very worried. I know many working people voted for President Trump in hopes that they would change the power structure in Washington, as he promised so many times. His Cabinet is the first way to see if he really meant it. His Cabinet is the first way to measure: Is President Trump measuring up in his Presidency to what he promised in his campaign? It turns out President Trump was using populist rhetoric to cover up a hard-right agenda, which will be car-ried out by this bevy of billionaires and bankers and hard-right idealogues— broken promise after broken promise. Candidate Trump said that Wash-ington was a place where ‘‘the hedge fund managers, the Wall Street inves-tors . . . and the powerful [protect] the powerful.’’ ‘‘But I’m fighting for you,’’ he said to working Americans. If these first 3 weeks are any indica-tion, that is a broken promise. The nominations of Steve Mnuchin, Representative M
ULVANEY , and Andrew Puzder represent broken promise after broken promise after broken promise. We Democrats, over the next several weeks, will make clear to the Amer-ican people, as we continue to debate these nominations, that what Presi-dent Trump said on the campaign trail is not what he is doing as President. He is breaking his promises to the work-ing people of America. Many working people who voted for Mr. Trump are depending on him to do what he said in the campaign. Reading the tea leaves of the first 3 weeks, working Americans are going to be deeply, deeply disappointed over the course of his Presidency. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, when you serve as the Secretary of Treasury, you are charged with a variety of re-sponsibilities, and right at the center of your duties is to address taxes. This is an area that the nominee to head the Treasury Department, Mr. Steven Mnuchin, waded into very early on after his nomination became public. News leaked on November 29 of last year that Mr. Mnuchin was the Presi-dent-elect’s choice for Secretary of the Treasury. The very next day, Mr. Mnuchin appeared on a CNBC program and confirmed his selection. During an extended interview with CNBC, he in-troduced what I have come to call the Mnuchin rule. I will quote Mr. Mnuchin directly with respect to what he said: ‘‘Any reductions we have in upper in-come taxes would be offset by less de-ductions, so there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ I will repeat that last part of the Mnuchin rule: ‘‘no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ Mr. Mnuchin is the President’s nomi-nee for Treasury Secretary. This is a position that has been held by Amer-ican economic giants like Alexander Hamilton, Albert Gallatin, Salmon Chase, Henry Morgenthau and Lloyd Bentsen. When a nominee for Treasury Secretary makes a pledge like Mr. Mnuchin’s, it really ought to mean something. It ought to stand for some-thing. Unfortunately, it already looks as though the Mnuchin rule is on the ropes. The very first act of the 115th Congress and a unified Republican gov-ernment, repealing the Affordable Care Act, shatters the Mnuchin rule. The Affordable Care Act repeal scheme that Republicans kicked off months ago, in my view, is a Trojan horse of tax breaks for the most fortu-nate. Nobody outside the top 4 or 5 per-cent of earners would get any of that break. Most of it would go to house-holds in the top 1 percent of earners— even then, the top one-tenth of 1 per-cent—and it is paid for by taking insur-ance coverage and tax cuts for health care literally out of the hands of mil-lions of working people. Then it is back for another whack at the Mnuchin rule later this year. Last week, the New York Times published a story talking about Mr. Mnuchin, which said that ‘‘his guarantee appears impossible to fulfill either under the tax overhaul that the House Repub-licans are pushing or similar, sketchier proposals that Mr. Trump has offered.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the article titled ‘‘Treasury Nominee Vows No Tax Cut for Rich. Math Says the Opposite.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Feb. 9, 2017] T
REASURY NOMINEE VOWSNOTAXCUT FOR  R
ICH. MATHSAYS THE OPPOSITE . (By Patricia Cohen) The newly christened ‘‘Mnuchin rule’’—the assurance given by the Treasury nominee Steven T. Mnuchin that ‘‘there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class’’—seems as if it was made to be broken. Mr. Mnuchin initially made the statement during an interview on CNBC in November, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.002 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1097 February 13, 2017 
after President Trump chose him for the cab-inet. At Mr. Mnuchin’s confirmation hear-ing, Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Demo-crat, rebranded the comment as a ‘‘rule,’’ transforming a throwaway line into a formal pledge. Whether it will be kept may become clear-er in two or three weeks—the timing Mr. Trump mentioned Thursday for delivering a ‘‘phenomenal’’ tax plan. Although Mr. Mnuchin said any rate reduc-tions at the top would be offset by the clos-ing of fat loopholes, his guarantee appears impossible to fulfill either under the tax overhaul that the House Republicans are pushing or similar, sketchier proposals that Mr. Trump has offered. Redesigning the tax code with an eye fixed on lower rates has been a Republican mission for decades, and one that Mr. Trump adopt-ed. That prospect, combined with a promised regulatory retreat, has pumped up the stock market and fueled optimism among business leaders. At the same time, the president has raised expectations among his working-class sup-porters that ‘‘the rich will pay their fair share,’’ and that ‘‘special-interest loopholes that have been so good for Wall Street inves-tors, and for people like me, but unfair to American workers’’ will be eliminated. Mr. Mnuchin, soon to be one of the administra-tion’s top economic policy officials, prom-ised ‘‘a big tax cut for the middle class.’’ Yet analyses of the president’s and the House Republicans’ plans consistently con-clude that the wealthy will receive the larg-est tax cuts by far. Start with the House blueprint, which at the moment is the closest thing to a working draft that exists. The nonpartisan Tax Pol-icy Center, a joint project of the Urban Insti-tute and Brookings Institution, found ‘‘high- income taxpayers would receive the biggest cuts, both in dollar terms and as a percent-age of income.’’ How big? ‘‘Three-quarters of the tax cuts would benefit the top 1 percent of tax-payers,’’ if the plan were put into effect this year, it said. The highest-income house-holds—the top 0.1 percent—would get ‘‘an av-erage tax cut of about $1.3 million, 16.9 per-cent of after-tax income.’’ Those in the middle fifth of incomes would get a tax cut of almost $260, or 0.5 percent, while the poorest would get about $50. That split would worsen down the road, the Tax Policy Center says: ‘‘In 2025 the top 1 percent of households would receive nearly 100 percent of the total tax reduction.’’ Those wary of any potential liberal bias could turn to the conservative-leaning Tax Foundation. Its analysis found a smaller gap between the wealthy and everyone else, but a gap nonetheless. The foundation concluded that four out of five taxpayers would see only a 0.2 to 0.5 percent increase in after-tax income, while those in the top 1 percent of the income scale would save at least 10 times as much, or 5.3 percent. That’s nearly $40,000 extra for those at the top, compared to $67 for those smack dab in the middle of the in-come scale. ‘‘The Mnuchin rule is already being broken as Republicans look to strip away hundreds of billions of dollars in Affordable Care Act tax credits for working Americans to pay for a giant tax break for the wealthy,’’ Senator Wyden said. ‘‘Bottom line is it’s unfair to cut benefits that the middle class depends on, all so the wealthy pay a lower rate.’’ Mr. Mnuchin did not respond to a request for comment. Republicans argue their plan makes every-one a winner—that lower taxes will unleash an enormous swell of economic growth, rais-ing wages, incomes and tax revenue all around. The historical record does not offer much support for the claim that slashing taxes for the most affluent creates growth. Yet even assuming the rosiest of forecasts, the top 1 percent, according to the Tax Foundation, would still receive close to a $l00,000 tax cut—32 times as much as a middle-income family. Mr. Mnuchin has offered his own formula for adhering to the standard he laid down, explaining that ‘‘any reductions we have in upper-income taxes would be offset by less deductions.’’ That would require some otherworldly mathematical magic, however. Consider the list of proposals that would reduce taxes on the rich: Cut the top income to 33 percent, from 39.6 percent. Cut taxes on capital gains, 70 percent of which flow to the top 1 percent. Eliminate the estate tax, which applies to a tiny number of people, couples that have estates bigger than $10.8 million. Eliminate the 3.8 percent surtax on high earners’ investment income that has been used to subsidize health care for poorer Americans. End the alternative minimum tax, which currently limits deductions for high earners. Lower taxes on cash flow and income that passes from small businesses to their owners, which also primarily benefits wealthier Americans. Now, what deductions could be eliminated that would offset all those cuts at the top? There aren’t many, said Alan Viard, an econ-omist at the conservative American Enter-prise Institute. If Republicans insist on low-ering taxes on top wages, capital gains, es-tates and cash-flow and pass-through income as advertised, ‘‘there’s not a lot of latitude to limit itemized deductions further,’’ Mr. Viard said. Any plan to curb itemized deductions would be partly offset by Mr. Trump’s plan to increase the standard deduction. Cur-tailing mortgage deductions for the most ex-pensive homes is probably a good idea, Mr. Viard said, but that isn’t going to do much to raise revenue from those at the top of the income pyramid, and the deduction is al-ready roughly limited to the interest paid on $1 million in mortgage debt. Such alternative ideas, however, assume that the Mnuchin rule will have a meaning-ful impact on what the White House will pro-pose or Congress will debate. Not everyone is convinced that it will. As Mr. Viard said, ‘‘I don’t know how much interest there is in fulfilling that statement by Mnuchin, how-ever it’s interpreted.’’ 
Mr. WYDEN. After breaking the Mnuchin rule once, the majority is now planning to fast-track a second tax break for the wealthy. This one will be even larger; in fact, it could be 10 times bigger or more. My guess is that a lot of Americans are wondering what has happened to all the campaign talk about fixing the Tax Code and really going out there and standing up for the working people. As the Republican nominee, the President said he was the guy to repair the country’s broken tax system. The particulars of the Trump plan were buried deep in the business pages and on his Web site, but the broad strokes of the message were pitched in rallies across the Nation: Donald Trump alone knew how to do the job because he had taken advan-tage of the rules himself, and he was ready to crack down on those who weren’t paying their fair share. One of the few specifics Donald Trump offered on the stump was that he would close the carried interest loophole. That, of course, has been a fa-vorite of investment fund managers. It would be great if it were actually true. In reality, the promise turned out to be pretty much just a head fake. Rather than closing the loophole and asking investment fund managers to pay their fair share, the Trump plan actually gives them a 25-percent tax cut. In fact, the Trump plan slashes tax rates for corporations and the wealthy across the board at a cost of trillions of dollars. The President and Mr. Mnuchin might defend this plan by claiming it is a tax cut for the middle class, so I want to spend just a few minutes checking in with that part of the plan. If we read the fine print, we will notice that one of the Trump tax plan’s big casualties is something called head of household status. That is a particularly impor-tant benefit for a lot of middle-income taxpayers because it reduces their bills. What would it mean for head of household status to go away? Millions of working Americans, mostly single parents, would get hit with tax in-creases. Furthermore, the Trump plan elimi-nates key personal exemptions for mil-lions of other middle-income families. It pushes a lot of families into higher tax brackets than they are in today. The administration touts its proposals for a larger standard deduction and a new child care tax credit as the cure- all for its tax increases on the middle class and on working people, but the math just doesn’t add up. Families who are struggling to get ahead today are going to pay higher taxes tomorrow. So let’s recap the Trump tax plan: a multitrillion-dollar tax break for the wealthy and corporations and a gut punch of higher taxes for working fam-ilies. At this point, it would be generous to say that the Mnuchin rule is now on life support. If we wanted to design a tax plan to push more Americans out of the economic winners circle, the Trump plan is what you would come up with. When I look at the Trump tax plan that Mr. Mnuchin would be in charge of spearheading, it looks to me as though the administration has zero interest in cleaning out the rot that is right at the heart of America’s tax sys-tem. Here is what it is all about, in my view. The Tax Code today is a tale of two systems. If you are a wage earner— a welder in Portland or a nurse in Lou-isiana—your taxes come straight out of your paycheck. They are compulsory— no special deals. You can even see the numbers right on your pay stub. Once or twice a month, out it comes. There are no special tax-dodging strategies or loopholes to winnow down the tax bill for the welder in Portland or the nurse in Louisiana. You can’t set up a John Doe, Inc., in a Cayman Islands P.O. box to shield your income from taxes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.001 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1098 February 13, 2017 
But the rules are different for the powerful and the well connected. At their disposal are huge armies of law-yers and accountants who specialize in tax games. They specialize in tax tricks. With the right advice, the most fortunate individuals and corporations in the country can decide how much tax to pay and when to pay it. If any-body wonders why people in America feel the tax system is rigged and the rules are stacked against them, this is a big part of the answer. I intend to talk more about that, but I want to come back to highlight the difference between the welder in Portland and the nurse in Louisiana. When those hard-working Americans are out there working for a wage and once or twice a month have their taxes taken right out of their paycheck, they know they aren’t getting anything spe-cial. It is compulsory. It is mandatory. They see it on their paychecks. Yet they get lots of news coverage and arti-cles and the like, and they will see that for those who are fortunate, instead of paying taxes in a mandatory and com-pulsory way, they pretty much get to decide what they are going to pay, when they are going to pay it, and maybe nothing at all. It seems to me that as we look at the nominee for Treasury Secretary, we get a pretty good example of how it does play out in terms of taxes for those fortunate few and how his taxes stand in sharp con-trast to that welder in Portland or that nurse in Louisiana. Not long after ending a 17-year run at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Mnuchin opened a hedge fund called Dune Capital in 2004. He set up an outpost in Anguilla and the Cayman Islands. That is not a move you make for the infrastructure or the ease of the commute. It is about a zero-percent tax rate. During Mr. Mnuchin’s hearing, he claimed that having those overseas funds benefited American nonprofits. When he testified in front of the Fi-nance Committee, he said: You know, the main thing we are doing with these overseas funds is we are helping churches and pension funds. But docu-ments from the Securities and Ex-change Commission show something quite different. In some cases, 100 per-cent of his investors were from outside of the United States, and setting up overseas allowed Mr. Mnuchin to help them avoid paying taxes. What was the end effect? Dune Capital was heavily invested in movies. So millions of dol-lars in profits from Hollywood exports, like the movie ‘‘Avatar,’’ were funneled to an offshore web of entities and in-vestors, giving him the chance to skirt a U.S. tax bill. At a more recent point in his career, Mr. Mnuchin’s bank was up for a merg-er. The deal had the potential to be a personal windfall for him and a small circle of others. A foundation Mr. Mnuchin chaired reportedly used tax- exempt dollars to fund a write-in cam-paign pushing for the deal’s approval. During the public comment period on a potential merger, this is pretty much the equivalent of stuffing the ballot box. Now, as a nominee for a Cabinet posi-tion, Mr. Mnuchin could be in line for a special elective Federal tax deferral on money made by selling stocks and bonds. That is the very definition of getting to pay what you want, when you want. We hear a frequent and com-mon defense when these kinds of tax tricks are brought into public view. It is true that the people who use them are following the laws on the books, but the outrage in our tax system, as I have said on this Senate floor, is what is legal. That is the real outrage with the American tax system, and it is out-rageous that the Senate has allowed obvious gamesmanship to stay legal. It is outrageous that the administration and its chosen nominee for Treasury have shown no interest in changing it. When you are the Treasury Sec-retary, one of your paramount obliga-tions is overseeing taxes. The last time the United States overhauled its Tax Code—this was in 1986—the Reagan Treasury Department played a huge role in that effort, and one of the core principles of that reform was treating wages and wealth the same way. Demo-crats and Republicans came together to pass a tax reform bill based on fair-ness. It said that the wage earner—that nurse in Louisiana or welder in Port-land—their income and the income of those who made their money in finance and on Wall Street and the like would be treated the same. I see no indication that this administration is prepared to repeat that formula. The campaign promise to fix the bro-ken, dysfunctional Tax Code—Donald Trump’s campaign promise—lured in a lot of voters. When I heard that Mnuchin rule the first time, I said that sounds pretty good—no net tax break for those who are the most fortunate. That sounds pretty appealing. The tax plans that the administration and Re-publicans in Congress have on offer now will not undo the disgusting un-fairness that is right at the heart of the American Tax Code. In fact, it is only going to get worse. This issue has to be at the center of the debate on Mr. Mnuchin’s nomina-tion. I am particularly troubled by the fact that the evidence shows that the Mnuchin rule is already on the ropes. I intend to oppose this nominee. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF DAVID SHULKIN  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to express my strong support for the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs. I believe his impressive record of serv-ice in both the public and private health care sectors as well as his firm grasp of VA health care issues make him extraordinarily well qualified to lead the Department through the com-ing period of major reforms and con-tinuing transformation. Dr. Shulkin has served in numerous executive roles at hospitals across the country, including Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City, the Univer-sity of Pennsylvania Health System, and the Atlantic Rehabilitation Insti-tute. In fact, he has been named one of the top 100 Physician Leaders of Hos-pitals and Health Systems and one of the 50 Most Influential Physician Ex-ecutives in the country. In 2015, Dr. Shulkin brought his ex-tensive experience in the private sector to the Department of Veterans Affairs and served as the VA Under Secretary for Health. Last year, I had the oppor-tunity to host Dr. Shulkin in my hometown of Caribou, ME, as he toured the community-based outpatient clinic and our local hospital, Cary Medical Center, to see the innovative work being done there to provide veterans with top-quality health care closer to where they live. Cary Medical Center partners with the VA through the Access Received Closer to Home or ARCH Program to provide veterans in Northern Maine with high-quality care, including spe-cialty care close to home and close to their families, rather than forcing them to drive 250 or more miles to re-ceive their care at the Togus VA Med-ical Center in Augusta, the location of Maine’s only VA hospital. This partnership between Cary Med-ical Center and the VA has been a huge success, with an approval rating from our veterans exceeding 90 percent. Last spring, when we were faced with the potential expiration of the ARCH Pro-gram, Dr. Shulkin, at my invitation, came to Maine and announced his com-mitment to ensure that veterans using this innovative program in our State would maintain seamless community care. He has kept his word. During his visit to Maine, Dr. Shulkin also toured the Togus VA Med-ical Center, the oldest VA facility in the Nation and the community-based outpatient clinic in Bangor. I would note that he drove the 4 hours from Au-gusta, where the VA hospital is lo-cated, to Caribou to get a better sense of the distances in our State. Right now, when we are in the midst of a fierce blizzard, you can imagine how important it is for veterans in need of care to be able to access that care close to home in an emergency. I was truly impressed, and remain truly impressed, with Dr. Shulkin’s un-derstanding of the needs of rural vet-erans and the challenges of providing health care in rural settings. While in Maine, Dr. Shulkin listened to veterans health care providers, VSO advocates, and the VA staff alike to ensure that our veterans received the care they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.004 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1099 February 13, 2017 
have earned through their service to our Nation. In fact, he remained in Caribou and had a town meeting in which he heard from people representing a variety of views but all of whom encouraged him to continue this wonderful program. Dr. Shulkin’s nomination to be VA Secretary has drawn support from our veterans service organizations throughout the country, including the American Legion, the VFW, the Dis-abled American Veterans, the Para-lyzed Veterans of America, AMVETS, and the Vietnam Veterans of America. That does not surprise me because he has demonstrated, in very concrete ways, his commitment to the veterans we are serving. At a time when bipar-tisan consensus, unfortunately, has been all too rare in this Chamber, Dr. Shulkin’s nomination has been one of the few areas where Republicans and Democrats have found common ground. His nomination was approved unani-mously by the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee. During this time, when crucial re-forms and organizational changes are necessary to ensure consistent, high- quality care for our Nation’s veterans, it is critical that the VA have a tal-ented, experienced, and committed leader to spearhead the Department’s transformation as we seek to improve the quality and timeliness of health care for our veterans. Dr. Shulkin is an excellent nominee and I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port his confirmation. Seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absent of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, it is ob-served that we are being asked to con-firm a Treasury Secretary who helped bring about the 2008 financial crisis and profited off the misery that followed. During his campaign, President Trump promised to crack down on Wall Street abuses. In one of his campaign ads, the President said that the CEO of Goldman Sachs was part of a ‘‘global elite’’ that was ‘‘robbing our working class.’’ He said that on Wall Street, ‘‘It’s the powerful protecting only the powerful.’’ Given his campaign promises, it is astounding that President Trump nom-inated Steve Mnuchin, someone whose business record embodies the worst abuses from the financial crisis, to serve as Secretary of the Treasury. In the fall of 2008, when I served in the U.S. House, then-Treasury Sec-retary Hank Paulson came to Capitol Hill and painted a dire picture. He told us that without drastic intervention by Congress and the White House, the en-tire global financial system would col-lapse. The situation was so dire, he ar-gued, that we could not even pause to provide additional, meaningful relief to the millions of families across the country facing home foreclosures. In the years that followed, we learned a lot more about just how bad things were. Many banks sold mort-gages to people who couldn’t afford them, packaged those mortgages into complex financial instruments, colluded with ratings agencies, and sold those ‘‘products’’ as solid invest-ments. The American people stepped in with hundreds of billions of dollars to bail out Wall Street. But without effective, broad laws in place before the financial crisis to prevent predatory lending, millions of people lost their homes and trillions of dollars in household wealth. Many of those victims have yet to re-cover. That was bad enough as it was un-folding, but in the years that followed, we learned more and more about the numerous abuses these banks per-petrated on the American people. After years of pushing subprime loans on minority homeowners who couldn’t afford them, foreclosures dev-astated minority communities across the country. According to a 2010 study by the Center for Responsible Lending, minority homeowners were 70 percent more likely to lose their homes in fore-closure proceedings. Many banks also violated judicial foreclosure proceedings when they signed hundreds of thousands of fore-closure documents without reviewing them, also known as robo-signing. Some of my colleagues might argue that it isn’t worth rehashing this dev-astating economic history, but I dis-agree because today we will be asked to vote for a Treasury nominee whose questionable business practices earned him the title of ‘‘Foreclosure King.’’ As a senior executive at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, Steve Mnuchin was an evangelist for the types of financial transactions—credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations—that crashed the economy in 2008. He said these instruments were ‘‘an extremely positive development in terms of being able to finance different parts of the economy and different businesses effec-tively.’’ What was essentially just busi-ness to him devastated the economy and the lives of millions of people. As the CEO of OneWest, Mnuchin was deeply involved in subprime lending and was responsible for tens of thou-sands of foreclosures across the coun-try. Under Mr. Mnuchin’s leadership, OneWest was among the worst offend-ers in robo-signing foreclosure docu-ments. While he denied this fact during his confirmation hearing, a vice presi-dent at OneWest admitted to signing 750 documents per week while spending less than 30 seconds on each one. In other words, he was very busy robo- signing these documents. Under Mr. Mnuchin’s leadership, a OneWest subsidiary, Financial Free-dom, foreclosed on more than 16,000 seniors who were living on fixed in-comes and who had reverse mortgages with that company. In one case, the company foreclosed on a 90-year-old woman’s home over a 27-cent debt. Hundreds of families across Hawaii who had mortgages with OneWest felt the impact of Steve Mnuchin’s business practices personally. In 2013, I received a letter from Su-zanne on the Big Island. Suzanne is a retired Navy civilian. She depends on her disability and retirement income to afford her modest home in Hilo. She had her mortgage through OneWest. When she wrote to me, her home was in court-ordered mediation pending fore-closure. Suzanne went into mediation in good faith, assuming that OneWest would assist her with a loan modifica-tion. Well, she was wrong. Suzanne and OneWest agreed that before she signed any modification, she would receive a written offer that included the full terms of the agreement. But during their second mediation meeting, in vio-lation of the agreement, OneWest told Suzanne that she owed $30,000 more than her records showed and made a unilateral offer without disclosing any of the terms, contrary to what they had agreed to. Suzanne wisely refused to accept the so-called offer. At the time that she wrote to me, OneWest was pushing a judge to proceed with her foreclosure. ‘‘I can afford my home,’’ she wrote. ‘‘I want to keep my home, but the dif-ference between $1,300 and $1,500 a month is huge.’’ OneWest has billions and is consid-ering going public this year. She went on to say: ‘‘They have made unreasonable offers, lost paperwork, ig-nored requests. All the nightmares you hear about on the news, well, consider me a poster child.’’ Suzanne asked us to write to Steve Mnuchin on her behalf, even though she knew that OneWest had a record of hanging homeowners like her out to dry. She said: ‘‘It seems to me that Mr. Mnuchin was one of the architects of our meltdown.’’ She is right. There are tens of thousands of stories from OneWest customers like Suzanne across the country, and Mr. Mnuchin is responsible for each one of them as CEO of OneWest. Now President Trump is asking us to confirm Mr. Mnuchin to serve as Treasury Secretary. Throughout his campaign, President Trump made it clear that he wants to dismantle Dodd-Frank, eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, and roll back financial regula-tions that would prevent another fi-nancial crisis. As Treasury Secretary, Mr. Mnuchin would be charged with implementing this agenda. Credible economists have warned that we could end up in another finan-cial crisis. My question is, Who would a Secretary Mnuchin try to save—Wall Street or the millions of people who will be adversely impacted? His record shows which path Steve Mnuchin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.006 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1100 February 13, 2017 
would choose. That is why I call on my colleagues to oppose this nomination. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. 
WELCOMING THE PRIME MINISTER OF CANADA  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, later today we will welcome Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to the Cap-itol. Canada is more than just our neighbor. Canada is our ally. I am looking forward to a productive discus-sion with him. 
CABINET NOMINATIONS  
Mr. President, after much unneces-sary delay from Senate Democrats, we will finally confirm two more key Cab-inet nominees this evening—Steve Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary and David Shulkin as Veterans Affairs Sec-retary. The President has selected two well qualified candidates to lead the charge on strengthening our economy and providing veterans with more of the care they deserve. I will have more to say on Mr. Mnuchin and Dr. Shulkin tomorrow, but for now I look forward to their confirmation this evening. After we work with these nominees, we will continue to put the rest of President Trump’s Cabinet in place. It has been really disappointing to see the historic level of obstruction by Senate Democrats. I would like to re-mind our colleagues across the aisle of the very real consequences their ac-tions have on our country and on the men and women forced to work gruel-ing hours to keep the Senate running overnight last week. There are so many who worked around the clock to keep the Senate operating and I would like to offer some words of thanks now. First, I would like to start with our floor staff led by Laura Dove on the Republican side and Gary Myrick on the Democratic side. They, along with the cloakroom staff and floor teams, worked nonstop to allow us to keep the floor running smoothly. So I want to thank them for their hard work and dedication. I would also like to recognize the Senate pages, who didn’t miss a beat just 2 weeks into their new job. They are Hailey Maggelet, Cameron Mabry, Shelby Hogan, Elizabeth Flachbart, Chris An, Sammy Potter, Sydney Jones, Cynthia Yue, Avery Beard, Wade Quigley, Eddie Owens, Hannah Seawell, Chloe Smith, Bryant Rey-nolds, Taylor Ball, Mitchell Heiman, Drew Beussink, Harrison Bushnell, Lauren Cavignano, Mitchell Durbin, Allie Glassman, Pablo Gomez Garcia, Julia Graham, Savannah Hampton, Argenis Herrera, Riley Johnson, Holly Newman, Colin Solomon, Katrina Tur-ner, and Kayla Zhu. I know we are all impressed by these young men and women, and we all appreciate the role they play in our Nation’s government. There are so many others, like Ser-geant at Arms Frank Larkin and his Deputy, Jim Morhard, who work tire-lessly behind the scenes to keep the Capitol running smoothly. I would like to thank their team: the doorkeepers, the Senate recording and television studio, the Press Galleries, the IT and technical support, and the help desk, the security and operations teams, the executive office, and the Capitol ex-change operators, who oversee the many calls that come into Senate of-fices. Many of these teams provided support literally around the clock, and we are thankful. Of course, none of this would have been possible without the Capitol Po-lice, headed by Chief of Police Matthew Verderosa. These men and women worked overtime to ensure the safety of the Senate Chamber and the entire Capitol as Members and their staffs worked through the night. We thank them for their service and for keeping us safe every day. I would also like to thank the Sec-retary of the Senate, Julie Adams, As-sistant Secretary Mary Suit Jones, and their entire team. Specifically, I would like to thank the following offices and staffers, many of whom who worked for more than 50 straight hours: the Official Reporters of Debates, which include Patrick Renzi, Susie Nguyen, Julia Jones, Mary Carpenter, Patrice Boyd, Octavio Colominas, Alice Haddow, Andrea Huston, Carol Darche, Desirae Jura, Megan McKenzie, Wendy Caswell, Diane Dorhamer, Mark Stuart, and Julie Bryan; the Captioning Services team, which includes Sandra Schumm, Brenda Jamerson, Doreen Chendorain, Jennifer Smolka, and Laurie Harris. In addition to the offices I just named, I would also like to recognize the following legislative offices: The Bill Clerk, the Enrolling Clerk, the Ex-ecutive Clerk, the Journal Clerk, the Legislative Clerk, the Daily Digest, and, of course, the Parliamentarians. Lastly, I would like to thank our subway drivers and the Government Publishing Office, which worked tire-lessly to get the R
ECORD printed. We are also grateful for the long hours and sacrifice that each of these offices and staffers made last week. Of course, it was completely unnecessary but, nevertheless, they were here through the night. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. President, now, one final matter. When President Clinton took office in 1993, he named his first nominee to the Supreme Court, Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Ginsburg’s nomination was not without controversy. She had argued for posi-tions that are still quite controversial today. For example, she had questioned the constitutionality of laws against bigamy because they implicated pri-vate relationships. For the same rea-son, she had opined that there might be a constitutional right to prostitution. She always advocated for coeduca-tional prisons and juvenile facilities. She even proposed abolishing Mother’s Day. So you can understand why Senators wanted to get her views on issues that might come before her as a Justice, but when pressed at her confirmation hear-ing, here is what she had to say: You are well aware that I came to this pro-ceeding to be judged as a judge, not as an ad-vocate. Because I am and hope to continue to be a judge, it would be wrong for me to say or preview in this legislative chamber how I would cast my vote on questions the Su-preme Court may be called upon to decide. Were I to rehearse here what I would say and how I would reason on such questions, I would act injudiciously. Judges in our sys-tem are bound to decide concrete cases, not abstract issues. 
She went on: 
A judge sworn to decide impartially can offer no forecasts, no hints, for that would show not only disregard for the specifics of a particular case, it would display disdain for the entire judicial process. 
So summing it up, she said: No hints, no forecasts, no previews, and that is what has become known as the Gins-burg standard. Supreme Court nomi-nees of Presidents of both parties have adhered to it. For example, President Clinton’s sec-ond nominee, Stephen Breyer, noted that ‘‘there is nothing more important to a judge than to have an open mind and to listen carefully to arguments,’’ and so he told the Judiciary Com-mittee he did ‘‘not want to predict or commit myself on an open issue that I feel is going to come up in the Court.’’ That meant, he said, not discussing ‘‘how’’ a ‘‘right applies, where it ap-plies, under what circumstances’’ it ap-plies. When his nomination to be Chief Jus-tice was pending, John Roberts said that adhering to the principle em-bodied in the Ginsburg standard is ‘‘of great importance not only to potential Justices but to judges, which most nominees to the Supreme Court al-ready are.’’ ‘‘We’re sensitive,’’ he said, ‘‘to the need to maintain the independence and integrity of the Court.’’ Let me repeat that. The Chief Justice said this principle was necessary ‘‘to maintain the independence and integ-rity of the Court.’’ He then explained how the Ginsburg standard helps maintain that independ-ence. Nominees, he said, ‘‘go on the Court not as a delegate from [the Judi-ciary] Committee with certain com-mitments laid out and how they’re going to approach cases.’’ Rather, ‘‘[T]hey go on the Court as Justices who will approach cases with an open mind and decide those cases in light of the arguments presented, the record presented, and the rule of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.007 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1101 February 13, 2017 
And the litigants before them,’’ he con-cluded, ‘‘have a right to expect that and to have the appearance of that as well. That has been the approach that all of the Justices have taken.’’ At the time, my colleague from New York and other Senate Democrats were upset that the Chief Justice followed Justice Ginsburg’s approach—even though many of them didn’t complain when she refused to preview or pre-judge legal issues during her confirma-tion hearing. But guess who came to the Chief Jus-tice’s defense. Justice Ginsburg. She felt compelled to depart from protocol and weigh in on the matter. She said: ‘‘Judge Roberts was unquestionably right’’ in refusing to preview or pre-judge legal issues at his confirmation hearing. Both of President Obama’s nominees adhered to the Ginsburg standard as well. His first nominee, Sonia Sotomayor, explained that what her ‘‘experience on the trial court and the appellate court have reinforced for me is that the process of judging is a proc-ess of keeping an open mind. It’s the process,’’ she continued, ‘‘of not com-ing to a decision with a prejudgment ever of an outcome. . . . ‘’ That proc-ess, she said, applied not only to the cases that would come before her on the Supreme Court if she were con-firmed but that could come before her in her then-current capacity as a cir-cuit court judge. Most Senators of both parties have respected the Ginsburg standard. For example, during her hearing, Senator L
EAHY told Justice Ginsburg that he ‘‘certainly’’ didn’t want her ‘‘to have to lay out a test here in the ab-stract which might determine what [her] vote or [her] test would be in a case [she had] yet to see that may well come before the Supreme Court.’’ Even my friend from New York has recog-nized the Ginsburg Standard is a ‘‘grand tradition.’’ The far left has been pushing my counterpart and other Senate Demo-crats to oppose anyone—anyone— whom the President nominates to the Supreme Court. So the Ginsburg stand-ard is given way to the double stand-ard. My friend from New York now says this Supreme Court nominee has to pass some ‘‘special test’’—some ‘‘spe-cial test’’—to show his judicial inde-pendence. He says Judge Gorsuch, a highly respected, experienced jurist, must preview his approach or even pre-judge legal issues that could come be-fore him, like whether the President’s Executive order on refugee vetting is ‘‘constitutional.’’ This is clearly an ef-fort to get Judge Gorsuch to prejudge not a matter that could be in the Fed-eral courts but to prejudge on a matter that is in the Federal courts right now. Senator S
CHUMER is not alone in wanting to replace the Ginsburg stand-ard with a new double standard. His colleague who serves on the Judiciary Committee, the senior Senator from Connecticut, also says that Judge Gorsuch, for the first time with Su-preme Court nominees, has some ‘‘spe-cial obligation’’—some ‘‘special obliga-tion’’—to give his views on ‘‘specific issues,’’ without the benefit of the judi-cial process that Justice Sotomayor noted was so important. Under our colleagues’ approach, there is no need to review the record in the case, no need to do any legal re-search, no need to hear the best argu-ments from each side, no need to delib-erate with your colleagues on the bench to arrive at a correct result. Nope. Just give a driveby legal conclu-sion on a complicated and consequen-tial matter of constitutional law. Let’s be clear about what is going on here. This new ‘‘special test’’ and ‘‘spe-cial obligation’’ aren’t about ensuring Judge Gorsuch’s judicial independence; they are about compromising it. Our friends on the other side of the aisle want to constrain his ability to rule in a later case according to the facts and the law by holding him to what he said in their meetings or what he said under oath at his hearing. In the upside down world of my Democratic friends, Judge Gorsuch must lose his judicial independence— both as a sitting circuit court judge and as a future Supreme Court Jus-tice—in order to prove his judicial independence. As Justice Ginsburg and Justice Breyer and Justice Sotomayor all noted, the process of judging is about having an open mind, seeing what the facts are in a particular case, hearing the arguments on both sides, and mak-ing what the judge believes is the cor-rect ruling according to the law. It is not about a judge hemming himself in before a legislative body by previewing how he would view a legal issue, or, as Senator LEAHY noted, announcing the legal test he might apply in a par-ticular case, and it is definitely not about that judge saying whether some-thing in the abstract is constitutional. So under this double standard, Sen-ators must respect the need for judicial independence of the Supreme Court nominees of Democratic Presidents, even when those nominees espouse views that are far, far outside the mainstream, like suggesting there is a constitutional right to prostitution or urging the abolition of Mother’s Day. Under this double standard, Senators can compromise the judicial independ-ence of clearly mainstream Supreme Court nominees of Republican Presi-dents, even when those nominees are, like Judge Gorsuch, well-known pro-ponents of maintaining judicial inde-pendence, who have a long record on the issue. That is not just my view of Judge Gorsuch’s commitment to judicial independence, by the way; that is ac-cording to prominent Democratic law-yers like President Obama’s top liti-gator in the Supreme Court. This Democratic double standard, though, is not surprising. Recall that the Democratic leader said he was pre-pared to keep Justice Scalia’s seat open for 4 years—4 years. That was made difficult by the nomination of an outstanding candidate like Judge Gorsuch. So our colleague came up with a new supermajority standard for his con-firmation—a standard that didn’t exist for seven of the eight Justices cur-rently on the Court—a fact my friend later had to admit. The Democratic double standard on requiring nominees to prejudge issues is just the latest attempt to come up with something, with anything—any-thing—to justify opposing an excep-tional nominee like Judge Gorsuch. Judge Gorsuch is one of the most im-pressive, most highly qualified nomi-nees to ever come before us. He has won kudos from across the political spectrum. Even the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee couldn’t help but praise him. Instead of appreciating that our new President has nominated an accom-plished, independent, and thoughtful jurist, Democrats are viewing this out-standing nominee as a political prob-lem. Their base is demanding total re-sistance to everything, but they can’t find a good reason to oppose Judge Gorsuch on the merits. They are in a pickle. So we have this attempt to replace the bipartisan Ginsburg standard with the double standard. I understand the difficulty of their situation, but the standard we are going to follow with this nominee is the same one—the same one—we followed for Ruth Bader Ginsburg and every other Justice on the Court since then: no hints, no fore-casts, no previews, fair consideration, and an up-or-down vote. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, we are currently in the midst of the longest transitional leadership gap at the De-partment of Treasury in our Nation’s history. The Senate has never let this much time go without a Treasury Sec-retary. In fact, the Senate has never left Treasury without a confirmed Sec-retary in between administrations for this long. Yet, despite the obvious need to fill this position, we have had to deal with continual and pointless delays, courtesy of some of our col-leagues. I will not begrudge any Senator for taking advantage of the privileges of-fered to them under the rules of the Senate; however, I think we have ample reason to question some of our colleagues’ judgment and priorities with regard to how we have dealt with the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to the Office of Treasury Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.009 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1102 February 13, 2017 
Let’s get the obvious points out of the way. Mr. Mnuchin has 30 years’ ex-perience working in a variety of capac-ities in the financial sector. He has ex-perience managing large and com-plicated private-sector enterprises and in negotiating difficult compromises and making tough decisions—and being accountable for those decisions. He has the support of a number of key organi-zations and associations within the fi-nance industry, and experts across the ideological spectrum have endorsed his nomination. Long story short: Under any objec-tive standard, Mr. Mnuchin has ample experience, credentials, and qualifica-tions for this important position. Yet my colleagues have done all they can under the rules—even to the point of casting aside some longstanding cus-toms and traditions of the Senate—in order to delay his confirmation. I will not relive the entire chain of events that got this nomination through the Finance Committee, bring-ing us to this point. For now, I would urge my colleagues to look fairly at the record. In every case, as the com-mittee processed his nomination, Mr. Mnuchin responded to questions and al-legations with full and complete an-swers and demonstrated no signs of acting or responding in bad faith to-ward the committee or its members. People are free, I suppose, to walk into the confirmation process with an assumption of bad faith. But through-out my time in the Senate—and keep in mind, I have been here a long time— that isn’t usually how we operate around here. My colleagues on the other side have put forward a number of claims and al-legations about Mr. Mnuchin. They have essentially thrown everything, in-cluding the kitchen sink, at this nomi-nee in a desperate attempt to block his confirmation. Well, so far, nothing has worked. That is because none of the al-legations my colleagues have raised can withstand even a modest amount of scrutiny. But that hasn’t stopped some of them from trying. I have found it particularly inter-esting to see my friends raise concerns about matters that did not bother them in the least when it came to vot-ing for Democratic nominees for Treas-ury Secretary. Indeed, with regard to Mr. Mnuchin, my Democratic col-leagues have created a wholly new set of standards from those that were ap-plied to the most recent previous Treasury Secretary. Many issues that seemed to be of little or no concern to my colleagues and my friends on the other side during the confirmation process for Secretary Jack Lew have been considered disqualifying for Mr. Mnuchin. By the way, many of these problems existed in the prior Treasury Secretary too. But we, in good faith, brought him through and allowed him to go through without a lot of fuss and bother. Let me review just a few of the dis-crepancies that are claimed. Mr. Mnuchin placed some invest-ments offshore, in full conformity with the law and not for the purpose of avoiding U.S. taxes. But my friends have simply asserted that no one uses offshore financial vehicles unless they are trying to avoid U.S. taxes, and, therefore, Mr. Mnuchin’s investments disqualify him to serve as Treasury Secretary. Yet Secretary Lew, prior to his confirmation, actually made in-vestments in the famous Ugland House in the Cayman Islands, which Presi-dent Obama described as ‘‘outrageous’’ and ‘‘the biggest tax scheme in the world.’’ My Democratic colleagues knew this, but did not care, and hap-pily confirmed Secretary Lew with hardly a mention of this matter. We al-lowed him to go through, in the inter-est of civility and getting along with our colleagues. Democrats have argued that Mr. Mnuchin unduly profited from the housing market collapse. Yet Sec-retary Lew, prior to his nomination, ran ‘‘proprietary trading’’ groups at Citigroup, where they invested in a hedge fund that bet heavily on the col-lapse of the housing market. My Demo-cratic colleagues knew this, but did not care, and happily confirmed Secretary Lew without really ever acknowledging this part of his record. Democrats claim that Mr. Mnuchin unfairly foreclosed on homeowners, de-spite evidence to the contrary. Yet Secretary Lew, prior to being nomi-nated, ran a Citigroup division that was, according to arbitration panels at the Financial Industry Regulatory Au-thority and later the SEC, ‘‘defrauding investors.’’ When asked about the toxic securities sold by his Citigroup unit, Secretary Lew’s answers varied be-tween not remembering any specific se-curities to claiming he somehow wasn’t involved in the investment decisions made at the Citigroup unit he oversaw. My Democratic colleagues knew this, but they did not care, and happily con-firmed Secretary Lew without any-thing resembling full and complete an-swers to these questions. Despite ample evidence to the con-trary, Democrats claim that Mr. Mnuchin ran a ‘‘robo-signing’’ fore-closure machine. Yet Citigroup, while Jack Lew was in senior management, sliced and diced mortgages and was al-leged to have ‘‘robo-signed’’ mortgage documents. Democrats knew this, but they did not care, and happily con-firmed Secretary Lew without ever really asking him about these issues. I can go on and on. There are many other issues that my colleagues were willing to overlook, if not outright ig-nore, with regard to Secretary Lew that have resulted in hyperbolic at-tacks on Mr. Mnuchin. I wish to remind my colleagues that despite the numerous concerns that I and others have had about Secretary Lew and the many significant disagree-ments that I had with President Obama’s agenda, I voted in favor of Secretary Lew’s confirmation. On this very floor, I stated the following: I have always believed that . . . [the] President—any President, regardless of party—is owed a certain degree of deference when choosing people to work in his admin-istration. Therefore, though I personally would have chosen a different person for this position, I intend to vote in favor of Mr. Lew’s confirmation. 
I wasn’t alone. Many other Repub-licans also voted to confirm Secretary Lew, despite serious reservations, in recognition that the President had a right to appoint who he wanted to—as long as they were not crooks and peo-ple of unsavory reputation. Well, Mr. Lew was not either of those. My, how times have changed. As is typically the case, when a group of Senators is unable to make a believ-able case against a nominee, they tend to just raise every possible issue and hope something gains traction. When in the end nothing works, they cling to whatever allegation came last and hope it is enough to change the outcome. That is why, over the past couple of weeks or so, we have heard an awful lot about ‘‘robo-signing.’’ Here is the basic rundown of what has happened on this issue: My friends on the other side got an answer to a poorly and vaguely worded question that was not the answer they wanted to receive. The answer from Mr. Mnuchin, that OneWest Bank did not engage in ‘‘robo-signing’’ under his leadership, was truthful and defensible, but it did not conform to the Demo-cratic talking points drafted for this nominee. Since that time, Senate Democrats have repeatedly referenced new stories that purportedly prove that not only did Mr. Mnuchin run a bank that en-gaged in the nefarious, yet not well-de-fined practice of ‘‘robo-signing’’ mort-gage documents, he lied about it in his answers to the committee. However, I would urge my colleagues on both sides to actually look at the supposed evi-dence from those news articles. Put simply, to say that my Demo-cratic friends are trying to make a mountain out of a molehill would be an insult to moles everywhere. There is no molehill to be found here. To make the case that Mr. Mnuchin was untruthful in his answers, the arti-cles rely on quotes mined from a single deposition of a OneWest employee. Quoted out of context, the employee seems to have said that she rapidly signed several hundred foreclosure-re-lated documents a week without fully verifying their accuracy. That is the supposed smoking gun on the Mnuchin ‘‘robo-signing’’ question. However, if you read the full deposi-tion, the employee makes it absolutely clear that she was not the employee re-sponsible for verifying the accuracy or validity of everything in the docu-ments. She was part of a process that included several steps and multiple em-ployees to verify the accuracy of dif-ferent parts of the documents. We don’t even have to dig for this explanation. It is not a matter of any interpreta-tion. That explanation, in plain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.011 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1103 February 13, 2017 
English, is right there in the deposition my colleagues and the news articles have been using as ‘‘evidence’’ that Mr. Mnuchin lied to the Finance Com-mittee. Nothing—not a single thing—in the deposition quoted in those news arti-cles could be considered evidence of ‘‘robo-signing’’ on the part of OneWest Bank. While I can understand that my col-leagues don’t like seeing or hearing anything that contradicts their pre-conceived notions, particularly when it comes in the form of an answer to one of their questions, that is no basis or justification to make wild and brazen accusations that a nominee has been lying. And make no mistake, that is precisely what they are doing with Mr. Mnuchin. On a related note, it is really amaz-ing to me that my friends on the other side are now feigning outrage over al-leged lack of responsiveness to their questions after having gone through the last 8 years with Treasury Secre-taries who routinely ignored questions and requests for briefings posed by my-self and a number of my other Senate colleagues. But I digress. I certainly sympathize with the many people who suffered through the foreclosure crisis and with Democrats in Congress who were, and continue to be, frustrated that Treasury officials in the Obama administration failed to construct effective homeowner relief programs, despite having made numer-ous promises to do so. However, given that frustration, it is odd to me that my colleagues remain so opposed to Mr. Mnuchin’s nomina-tion when he was very much engaged in the practice of making mortgage modi-fications work during his time as the head of OneWest Bank. Moreover, Mr. Mnuchin worked diligently with regu-lators and others to clean up the sys-tem under which foreclosure docu-ments were being processed. You don’t have to take my word for it; you can examine the numerous letters of sup-port we have received from a range of people and organizations, from commu-nity groups to community bankers, which attest to Mr. Mnuchin’s success in turning a bank that was plagued by toxic loans and numerous processing errors into a viable financial services firm that provides jobs and support to communities. Along the way, Mr. Mnuchin’s com-panies significantly outperformed ri-vals in the industry in terms of offer-ing loan modifications to help keep Americans facing foreclosure in their homes. Mr. Mnuchin has acknowledged that his efforts were not without errors and that he genuinely regrets any mis-takes that were made. He has also made clear that OneWest was com-mitted to providing remediation in order to compensate those who were af-fected. It should also be noted that in the vast majority of independent evalua-tions of OneWest’s practices, the banks’s error rates were routinely below the average for the industry and often zero. I think people should quit using false arguments against this man. All of this was discussed out in the open during the Finance Committee’s hearing on the Mnuchin nomination. Nothing was hidden. No one was misled. Unfortunately, rather than focusing on the actual facts surrounding OneWest’s performance under the nominee’s leadership, my friends on the other side opted to try to smear Mr. Mnuchin. In essence, they have tried to relitigate the foreclosure cri-sis, with Mr. Mnuchin’s company con-fusingly placed in the crosshairs. This is a company that, according to a let-ter from Faith Schwartz, former execu-tive director of the Hope Now Alliance, ‘‘was committed to avoiding fore-closures where possible.’’ As I said, with Mr. Mnuchin, my col-leagues are applying a clear double standard for confirming a Treasury Secretary. For Republican Treasury Secretary nominees, any allegation, no matter how careless or untrustworthy the source, is enough to inspire the Democrats’ outrage and trigger a seem-ingly endless bout of name-calling. For Democratic nominees, on the other hand, even proven instances of ques-tionable actions and poor judgment on the part of the nominee fail to even make a blip on their radar screens. I have spent quite a bit of time in re-cent weeks decrying the antics of my Democratic colleagues with regard to President Trump’s Cabinet nomina-tions. Frankly, I am tired of talking about it. My colleagues are, of course, free to do whatever they think will help them hobble the new administra-tion and score points with their polit-ical base, even if it breaks from the longstanding customs and traditions of the Senate and even if it puts our fi-nancial stability and the stability of our relations with Finance Ministers of other countries at greater risk. How-ever, they should know that these tac-tics do absolutely nothing to help American families seeking greater op-portunities and economic growth. They don’t help us fix our broken Tax Code, reform our failing health care system, and empower businesses and job cre-ators to grow and expand. The bottom line is this: Mr. Mnuchin is clearly qualified to serve as Sec-retary of the U.S. Treasury. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle made clear they intend to vote no on the nomination, and that is their right. However, while each Sen-ator has a right to vote according to his or her own judgment, Senators do a disservice to the country and the Sen-ate as an institution when they con-coct stories and antics designed merely to delay a vote for the sake of delay. Going forward, I hope my colleagues will recognize the problematic prece-dence they are setting with regard to these nominees and opt to change course. I intend to vote in favor of con-firming Mr. Mnuchin, and so should ev-erybody else in the U.S. Senate. I urge all of my colleagues to do so. When I first met Mr. Mnuchin, I hadn’t met him before. I didn’t even know his name. I have to say I was really impressed. I said to him: Why are you doing this? You are going to lose a lot of money because you are going to have to sell your holdings and get rid of them. Why are you doing this? He looked at me, looked me square in the eyes, and he said: I am doing it be-cause I love my country, and I want to help. I want to help turn it around. I was pretty impressed with that. I have been pretty impressed with Mr. Mnuchin ever since. I think we need a terribly smart guy who is honest, who is decent, who has made a great success of his life, who understands where money comes from and where it goes, who literally is willing to sacrifice and lose some of his savings and money in order to save this country and because he wants to work with our good Presi-dent, who every day is going through calumny and slanders like I have never seen anybody go through before. The slowdown in the Senate that is occurring here is unbelievably stupid. Yes, I know they want his first 100 days to not be successful, but gee-whiz, to do this kind of maneuvering and this kind of playing around with the facts is beneath the dignity of my colleagues on the other side. If my side was doing this, I would be chewing them up. The fact is, we didn’t do this. The past two Treasury Secre-taries—I personally said ‘‘We are going to support them’’ even though we could have pulled this kind of stuff on them, and the facts were true. Both of them were good people. Both of them had made a couple of mistakes. Both of them made mistakes in their filings. But they were good men, good people, and so is Mr. Mnuchin. Wouldn’t it be wonderful if both sides would treat people with respect and dignity? I have to admit, sometimes our side could do better, but what we have been going through for the last al-most 2 months now is pathetic. I think it is all done in the hope that they can ruin the first 100 days of this President. Well, there are 200 days, and we are going to keep going. They are not making any headway with the President where they could make headway. He is someone who ac-tually came from their side of the floor—at least at one time when I knew him long ago. He is a person with an open mind. He is a person who has su-preme intelligence. He is a person who is bringing with him some of the best people in this country, not the least of whom is Mr. Mnuchin. I think they ought to wake up and quit this slandering and even libeling this really fine man who is willing to sacrifice much of his personal fortune to serve in this government as the Treasury Secretary. We are lucky that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.012 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1104 February 13, 2017 
people like this are willing to do it, to take all the guff and calumny and slan-der and libel they have to go through. Thank goodness we have people like Mr. Mnuchin who are willing to do this. I don’t intend to see him fail, so I hope we can all vote for him tonight and send a message. I hope some of my colleagues on the other side will vote for him. They should. They should, in good faith. Yes, they can play this game of having a lot of votes against him, but some of them should vote for him. The truly honest, the truly fair, and the truly good people—I think all of them are good people on the other side and on this side, but it is not showing up as well as I would like it to show up in these confirmation fights. In this particular one, there is a fel-low who is willing to sacrifice im-mensely to be able to help our country, who is known on Wall Street, who is known as one of the bright lights up there, who has been immensely suc-cessful, and he has had a wide variety of experiences in the area of finance. We ought to be getting on our knees and thanking him for being willing to go through this and being willing to serve his country. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to explain to my colleagues why I will be opposing Steve Mnuchin’s nomination for Secretary of the Treas-ury. Mr. Mnuchin has an impressive record of accomplishment, and I ad-mire his willingness to serve the pub-lic. But because of his advocacy for fis-cally irresponsible and unfair fiscal policies, which I believe will add to the deficit of this country, I cannot sup-port his nomination. Let me go back a while, if I may. I was in the Congress when we passed a budget that balanced the Federal budg-et, where we were actually reducing the Federal debt. It was controversial at the time because we did it by cut-ting spending first—and we did—but making sure we had adequate revenues in the Treasury to pay our bills be-cause we recognized that we had a moral obligation to pay our bills, that we are wealthy enough of a nation that we don’t have to ask our children and grandchildren to pay for our spending today. We took the steps to balance the Federal budget, and we did it by mak-ing some tough votes. I was proud to be in the Congress that took those tough votes that balanced the Federal budg-et. After we balanced the Federal budg-et, we saw unprecedented economic growth because we took the responsible actions. We should take a lesson from the past and recognize that there is no easy way to get our budget in better balance. It requires a fiscal policy that is fair—that is fair to middle-income families, that is fair to our children and grandchildren, that is fair to those who depend upon the services that are financed through the government sec-tor, including our seniors with Medi-care and Social Security. We can do that if we work together. But Mr. Mnuchin’s economic plan, the one that he has submitted to Con-gress, I think, would put us at great risk. The main part of what he is advo-cating is tax cuts primarily for the wealthy. The top 0.1 percent under the Mnuchin plan will receive in excess of $1 million in tax breaks; the upper 1 percent in excess of $200,000 in tax cuts. Here is the problem: How do we pay for this? How do we offset the cost of these tax cuts? Because I don’t think any of us wants to add to the deficit. So we asked Mr. Mnuchin that ques-tion during the confirmation process. Let me just read for the R
ECORD the questions that I asked him as to how he would offset the cost of the tax cuts. The Trump plan, including those cuts, is estimated by the Tax Policy Center to add $6.2 trillion to the deficit and by the Tax Foundation to add $3.9 trillion to the deficit. I asked Mr. Mnuchin: 
In your hearing, you discussed the impor-tance of economic growth in offsetting the revenues lost under the President’s tax re-form plan. . . . For instance, you’ve said, ‘‘[s]o we think that by cutting corporate taxes, we’ll create huge economic growth and we’ll have huge personal income, so the revenues will be offset on the other side.’’ Is it your view that the tax cuts in the President’s plan will be fully offset by eco-nomic growth? 
That is the question I asked. Mr. Mnuchin’s answer: ‘‘Our objec-tive is to have any tax cuts offset by economic growth.’’ I asked: ‘‘If so, could you please share your team’s analysis supporting that position?’’ Mr. Mnuchin’s answer: ‘‘Our objec-tive is to have any tax cuts offset by economic growth.’’ I then asked: ‘‘Will you commit, as we discussed in our meeting, not to put forward a plan that will increase the deficit and put our country in a worse financial position?’’ Mr. Mnuchin’s answer: ‘‘Our objec-tive is to have any tax cuts offset by economic growth.’’ In other words, there is no effort here to offset the cost of this tax cut, other than borrowing money, putting our children and grandchildren at greater risk. I want to repeat again the estimate that we have heard on the President’s tax proposal—that it will add anywhere from $6 trillion to almost $4 trillion in deficit. Those estimates are from pro-gressive and conservative groups, and they do consider that there will be some dynamic score keeping here, that there will be some economic growth. That is in those estimates. So even with economic growth, these proposals will greatly enhance the deficit of this country, something that we should not be doing. What does that mean? You increase the debt of this country. America has to borrow more. Interest rates go up. Middle-income families have to pay more on mortgage payments or car loans. Middle income families are the ones who get hurt by this. If we are going to see real economic growth, we have to help the middle class—the growing middle class—the consumers, those who buy the goods, those who are struggling every day to make ends meet. This plan doesn’t help them. What they are going to be saddled with is more debt and higher interest costs, which will be a drag on our economic growth. So for all those reasons, I think what is important to have is an advocate for the President as Secretary of the Treasury, someone who recognizes the balance here. Let me tell you what else deficits do. They are used as justification to con-tinue to cut our discretionary spending accounts, as well as to take a look at entitlement spending. I acknowledge that, as part of the strategy to balance the Federal budget, we must look at our spending, but we have to have the revenues in order to make it balance. If you don’t have the revenues, and you are taking another $4 to $6 trillion out of the equation, there is going to be a lot more pressure to make irresponsible cuts on the spending side. I heard Candidate Trump talk about that we are not going to cut Social Se-curity. But can you really have $6 tril-lion of tax cuts without looking at So-cial Security? And how about Medi-care? These are programs that are vi-tally important for our seniors. It pro-vides them money to live on so they don’t have to live in poverty, so they can pay their medical bills. For a ma-jority of seniors, Social Security is their largest source of income. Are we really thinking about equating that with tax cuts for the wealthiest in this country of over $1 million? I don’t think that is fairness. I don’t think that is what we should be doing. When you look at the programs that are financed through government, are we going to take away from our stu-dents? They already are suffering too high, as far as the cost of attending colleges. Interest rates are already too high in regards to what they do. Are we going to put more pressure to make more cuts in regards to how we help our students? Are we going to cut maintaining our highways? We want to spend more on highways, bridges, tran-sit systems, and water infrastructure, which I think we need to do. How do you do that if you cut $4 to $6 trillion of revenue on the revenue side without adding greatly to the deficit, which is something none of us wants to do? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.013 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1105 February 13, 2017 
How about something like our na-tional parks? We take pride and want to maintain that, but with the pressure on the budgets that is a result of tak-ing the revenues out of government, we know what is going to happen. We have seen this movie before. We have seen what has happened before. The driving force behind all of this is that the most important thing, the most important part of the economic program, is to have these tax cuts primarily for the wealthy. No, I think the center of our eco-nomic policy needs to be fairness—fair-ness for middle-income families, fair-ness so that Americans can afford to raise their families and send their kids to college and can afford to have de-cent opportunities in this country. That is how we all grow together, and that requires a balanced approach to our Nation’s budget—one that, yes, looks at restraining spending but also looks at having a Tax Code that is fair and raises the revenues to pay our bills and not pushing that off to future gen-erations. I think for all those reasons, we need a person who is going to advocate on behalf of middle-income families and on behalf of a growing economy. I think the plan that Mr. Mnuchin is ad-vocating will not accomplish that. For these reasons and others, I cannot sup-port his nomination for Secretary of the Treasury. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, the Secretary of the Treasury is one of the most powerful positions in our govern-ment, as we know. The Treasury Sec-retary has broad responsibilities—for the economy, for our tax system, trade, our pensions, housing, and so much more. It is critical that anyone who holds that position use their power to help working people. It is clear to me that Mr. Mnuchin’s policies will, in fact, hurt middle-class families and working people. There are also serious ethical con-cerns that neither he nor my Repub-lican colleagues have been able to ad-dress. As a result, I will be voting no on his nomination. I would like to talk about something that has not received the focus that I think it deserves and certainly that the people of Michigan feel it deserves, and that is the question of pensions and what is happening to pensions in our country. Mr. Mnuchin has a history of fighting against working people and profiting off their misfortune. As we know, pen-sion funding can have a significant im-pact on a company’s bottom line. But losing a pension can destroy a family’s bottom line, and it seems that Mr. Mnuchin doesn’t know this. When serv-ing on the board for Sears, Mr. Mnuchin played a critical and direct role in how to fund the company’s pen-sions. So what happened? Sears rou-tinely underfunded the company’s plan throughout his tenure. Analysts pre-dicted that Sears ‘‘massively under-funded’’ their pension plan. They said their ‘‘massively underfunded’’ pension plan was ‘‘a ticking time bomb’’ that could even hasten or bring down the fi-nancial collapse of the company. The company used investment return projections that were too optimistic, along with accounting gimmicks so they could avoid paying into the pen-sion fund. They inflated their earnings on paper while contributing less to the pension. Sears did such a bad job managing their pension fund while Mr. Mnuchin was on their board, that the fund only made a return of 1.5 percent, putting their fund in the bottom 5 percent of all the pension funds over $1 billion. Is this the kind of result the American taxpayers want when he manages their money? Already, Sears has been cutting its employees’ pensions. In 2014, the com-pany eliminated the monthly health care subsidy that helped its retirees af-ford their health care premiums. That saved Sears and Kmart about $6.2 mil-lion a year. I have received a lot of letters from Michigan families a lot from families who are very concerned about their pensions. One of my constituents who worked in the trucking industry said: 
We took small raises on our paycheck each contract so the company could put more in the pension fund— 
That is what people do. They take less every month in their paycheck so they can have more in the pension fund. I know in the Presiding Officer’s State and my State, that is what they do. He continued— 
and [we] were told we would receive a certain amount for the rest of our lives. That is what we based our retirement on. Through no fault of ours, over the years, government de-regulation of the trucking industry, passing trade agreements and other laws that have devastated the economy, have made our pen-sions become doubtful. 
Can you imagine paying all your life-time? My brother drives a truck and counts on the fact that he is working hard every day and putting money into a pension fund for his family when he retires, and it is supposed to be there, right? The pension is a promise that is supposed to be there. Another woman from West Michigan wrote in worried about her Central States Pension Plan. That is the pen-sion plan my brother is in as well. She said: 
My husband retired from Grocers Baking Co. of Grand Rapids and has a pension in Central States Pension Fund. As you know, that pension fund is in critical status and the Treasury Department turned down a plan to save all the pensions. My husband is 74 and I am 78 and we rely on that pension and Social Security to live on. We try to save, but it is difficult. We are hoping that the pension will last more than 10 years, but who knows. I also hear from people in Michigan all the time about how little account-ability there is when it comes to the management of people’s pensions. One man wrote in from Macomb County about his own pension plan: 
Why are none of the trustees being held ac-countable for the bad investments or failure of the plan? I’m sure they all have their golden parachutes in place for when they re-tire. Why do we, the hard workers, have to suffer because of their incompetence? I am just an average guy hoping that you can help protect the benefits that are due to me, so I can enjoy retirement when my time comes. 
The Treasury Secretary nominee sat on the Sears board when they were making changes that created the in-vestments that were not as good as they should have been, when they un-derfunded their pension system, cut back on help for health care, and he is asking for a promotion. I wonder what my constituents in Macomb County will be saying about that. The Treasury Secretary plays a very important role in the security of our pension system—one of the basic tenets in our country, the way we support each other, the way people have trust in the system, you know that when you pay into the pension and then when you retire you get the pension. The Treasury Secretary oversees im-plementation of the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act and serves on the board of directors of the pension over-seers. I asked Mr. Mnuchin in com-mittee: What is your position on the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act, which Treasury is responsible for ad-ministering? How do you propose to shore up our multiemployer pension system and pro-tect people who are counting on their pensions? His answer was: ‘‘You have my commitment to work with you to find solutions to the multiemployer pension crisis.’’ That is it. I resubmitted the ques-tion, hoping for a more detailed re-sponse. His response was: ‘‘If confirmed, I will consult with you and other inter-ested parties on the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014.’’ That is not much of an answer for the people whom I represent, who want to know how he feels and what he is going to do to protect their pensions. The American people deserve a better an-swer than that. People are struggling, retirees are struggling after trusting the system and paying into their pensions their whole life—the whole time they have been working, paying in, counting on having that dignity in retirement. We need a Treasury Secretary who under-stands that a pension is a promise. Mr. Mnuchin’s actions have not dem-onstrated that he understands that. Even when it comes to something as basic as Social Security, during our Fi-nance Committee hearing, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.014 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1106 February 13, 2017 
Mnuchin couldn’t tell me the average monthly benefit when I asked him, which, by the way, one-third of our seniors virtually rely on that alone, and the rest are putting together a small pension, and most seniors are counting on Social Security and their pension to have dignity and a quality of life in their retirement. The Treas-ury Secretary is a key overseer of the laws and management process and ac-countability for both of those systems. So for me this is a very big deal who is in this spot, in terms of how this af-fects working people, middle-class fam-ilies, and retirees. I didn’t mention earlier that when I asked him what the average Social Se-curity payment was—which he could not answer—he also couldn’t tell me what he meant about a ‘‘cut’’ in Social Security; if he wasn’t going to cut, what that meant. Did that mean put-ting in place a lower cost of living? What did that mean? He did not answer that. Let me talk about another pretty basic area. Pensions are critically im-portant so is the ability to have a home. Up until the financial crash, the disaster in 2008 and 2009, most families’ savings for retirement, savings to put their kids in college, were through the equity in their home. In 2008 and 2009, for millions of Americans, that dis-appeared. Mr. Mnuchin has made his career profiting from the misfortunes of work-ing people, and let me talk about the financial crisis and how he benefitted from that as well. During the financial crisis, he put together a group of inves-tors to purchase IndyMac Bank, which was renamed OneWest. During that time, OneWest was notorious for tak-ing an especially aggressive role in foreclosing on struggling homeowners. OneWest Bank pushed people into fore-closure and made their last-ditch ef-forts to save their homes through a mortgage modification or other means all but impossible. When their voices were not allowed at the hearing on this confirmation, I was pleased to join with colleagues in putting together a forum where home-owners who had been impacted could share their experience. We held this forum for homeowners who were re-peatedly given hope by OneWest that they might be able to avoid fore-closure, only to have it snatched away every time. One small business owner at the forum told us her story of how OneWest defrauded her and ultimately foreclosed on her. She told us that ‘‘de-spite how difficult OneWest made the process, I did everything I was told, be-cause I wanted to keep my home.’’ Twice she applied for a loan modi-fication. She submitted two checks with her new modification offer. OneWest cashed the checks—they cashed the checks—but told her that both offers were never received. Wait a minute. What is that? They cashed the checks, then told her the of-fers were not received, and therefore the offer was void. Eventually, she said: ‘‘I received a knock on my door and a man intro-duced himself as the owner of my house.’’ Unbelievable. Shortly there-after she had to leave her home. OneWest was Mr. Mnuchin’s company. This is one of the many stories about OneWest’s abusive conduct. When OneWest Bank sold, Mr. Mnuchin and other investors made about $3 billion off the backs of folks who lost their home and many were like the women we heard from who tried desperately to work it out to keep their home. I won-der if the checks they cashed from her after they said they didn’t get them were a part of that $3 billion. Finally, I want to express my con-cern over statements that Mr. Mnuchin made at the Finance Committee hear-ing that just don’t line up with the facts; particularly, Mr. Mnuchin was asked whether his bank, OneWest, robo-signed foreclosure documents. To be clear on what this is, the banks, during the foreclosure crisis, had sworn documents robo-signed, automatically signed so they could foreclose on home-owners quickly without anyone even reading the documents. They just signed the papers—signed the papers— nobody reviewed whether they added up or whether they were right, whether they could help them. They just had the machine signing, signing, signing, foreclose, foreclose, foreclose. Mr. Mnuchin said in the hearing his bank didn’t do that. He said his bank didn’t do that. The Columbus Dispatch did an investigation that found that OneWest did do that in Ohio. A source in Texas reported that OneWest did do it in Texas. New Jersey temporarily banned OneWest from foreclosing on homeowners at all in New Jersey be-cause of its history of robo-signing doc-uments. Sign, sign, sign—don’t look at it, just sign away. We heard the story of one woman who lost her house be-cause of a 27-cent difference. I wonder if she was in one of those piles they just signed away. Mr. Mnuchin said they didn’t do that. There is evidence to the contrary. Mr. Mnuchin also forgot to disclose to the committee that he owned a com-pany organized in the Cayman Islands. When I asked him about that, his best defense was that ‘‘I did not use a Cay-man Islands entity in any way to avoid paying taxes myself.’’ At the time, I said: Oh, so you just helped other peo-ple avoid paying their taxes. We find out now he did use it to help foreign investors avoid paying U.S. taxes. I have a funny feeling that he made money by helping those investors avoid paying their U.S. taxes. He also forgot to disclose that he owned $95 million in real estate in var-ious locations. I forget that all of the time. I have so many houses all over the place, it is easy to forget. So $95 million in property that he ‘‘forgot’’ to disclose. He said he didn’t know his real estate was an asset. He didn’t know his real estate was an asset. That is alarming. I don’t mean to be flip, but this is so shocking when I listen to some of this. The idea that we would believe some-one who says this, that it somehow is making sense—that is why we as Democrats on the Finance Committee, before this final confirmation vote, asked that he be required to come back in and answer questions, because these are serious questions. This nominee has not been properly vetted. He supports policies that do not have the interests of the working men and women in Michigan at heart or people across the country. He adheres to policies that don’t protect the pen-sions of hard-working men and women in Michigan and across the country or people’s retirement systems. I don’t know where he really is on Social Se-curity, which is the other big piece of the promise we made as Americans, where people pay into Social Security and are counting on that being there. He has personally profited off the mis-fortune of those who need help the most. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting no. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I, too, will be voting no on the candidacy of Mr. Mnuchin to become Secretary of the Treasury. Rhode Island got hit so hard by the mortgage meltdown that Wall Street created. Frankly, I can never forget the Rhode Islanders who lost their homes in the course of that debacle. We were able to help some of them in my office. As the Presiding Officer knows, when you come to the Senate, you put to-gether a constituent office, and your constituent people work on usual con-stituent business. In the ordinary course, constituent business is dealing with Federal agencies. It is making sure Social Security is fine, getting people replacement passports that they put into the laundry by accident, deal-ing with veterans issues and getting veterans their benefits, helping people with Medicare and Medicaid confusion. It is all generally involving people who have gotten somehow fouled up in the Federal programs of which they are beneficiaries. In our case, we had to open a con-stituent wing for dealing with the big banks because they were foreclosing so recklessly and in such a mercenary fashion on Rhode Islanders. It was such torture for Rhode Islanders, once the foreclosure process began, because they could never get the same person twice on the phone; there was always a mis-match between what they were being told on the phone and being told on paper. It was a nightmare of bad infor-mation and bad practice by these big banks. What we would often be able to do is to say: Look, at least give this person one person they can deal with, that they can call every time so it is not ‘‘Hi, I am John’’ on one phone call and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.017 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1107 February 13, 2017 
‘‘Hi, I am Mary’’ on the next phone call and ‘‘Hi, I am Joseph’’ on the third phone call and nobody ever remembers the other phone calls, nobody ever knew where they were in the process. You can’t move the process forward if the person on the other end of the line can’t keep track of the conversation. So we were able to get that done, and that actually was able to help Rhode Islanders come to a deal with these big banks and save their homes. But for all the ones we were able to help, there were many, many we were not. I simply cannot forgive somebody who took a look at that banking crisis, who took a look at the pain Wall Street sent in a wave across all of America, and thought: Oh, here is a great new way to make money—fore-closing on people. Done. I am out. Sorry, I can’t vote for somebody like that. What I hope, though, is that he will at least show some common sense and some decency when it comes to other issues, and one of them is climate change. If you go to the financial sector, they are taking climate change pretty seri-ously. Frankly, the financial sector is probably about as big as the fossil fuel industry, so when the fossil fuel indus-try comes around bullying and shoving and lying and going through all of its usual climate denial nonsense, the fi-nancial guys really don’t care. They just do their thing. You are not going to intimidate Goldman. You are not going to intimidate BlackRock. You are not going to intimidate Bank of America. It just doesn’t make any sense. So when you look at what these guys are saying, they are being pretty straight up about it. As long ago as 2013, Goldman Sachs issued a report that said: ‘‘The window for thermal coal investment is clos-ing.’’ That is the caption of the report. ‘‘Thermal coal’s current position atop the fuel mix for global power genera-tion will be gradually eroded,’’ it said. And sure enough, it has been. There was no grief for coal in there; they were just trying to predict the market. In 2015, Goldman Sachs did another re-port about the low-carbon economy. It was ‘‘Goldman Sachs equity investor’s guide to a low carbon world, 2015–25.’’ So unless somebody is going to say that Goldman Sachs is in on the hoax, they are taking this pretty seriously. From 2015 to 2025, they expect a low- carbon world. And it is coming on fast and furious now. Just recently, a global task force was set up by the G20 companies—the 20 biggest economies in the world. They have a group called the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. They have asked that companies begin to come clean on the climate risk they face. The news report about this says: 
Concerns among the financial community are growing that assets are being mispriced because the full extent of climate risk is not being factored in, threatening market sta-bility. The story continues: 
According to Barclays— 
Barclays is a significant inter-national banking institution— 
the fossil fuel industry could lose $34 trillion in revenues by 2040 as a global deal to limit temperature rise to well below 2 degrees Cel-sius reduces demand for oil, coal, and gas, re-turning reserves into stranded assets. 
If, in fact, this is an industry that could lose $34 trillion in revenues by 2040, that explains a lot of their mis-behavior around Congress. Obviously, for that kind of money, there is very little mischief these folks wouldn’t get up to, and sure enough, they are get-ting up to all of that mischief, and more, around here. But the financial industry itself is pretty big, and it doesn’t care. It is not going to be pushed around and bullied. This Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure is described as having 32 members from large banks, insurance companies, asset manage-ment companies, pension funds, credit rating agencies, and accounting and consulting firms—32 members rep-resenting the 20 biggest economies in the world, and they are saying: Here it comes. Let’s get ready. So I hope colleagues will begin to lis-ten to these folks in the financial serv-ices industry and these major market economies about what is going on and stop listening to the self-serving non-sense that the fossil fuel industry in-sists on trying to jam into our ears around here. It just is bogus. Bottom line: It is bogus. Most recently, at the end of last year, September 2016, BlackRock, which is one of the most significant in-vestment firms in the world—I think it has more than $1 trillion in assets under management—issued this new re-port: ‘‘Adapting Portfolios to Climate Change.’’ OK. So BlackRock, one of the smartest and biggest companies in the world, is now talking about how we have to adapt to climate change and helping investors plan for it. In this building, can we have a sensible con-versation about climate change? No, of course not, because the fossil fuel in-dustry won’t even let some of us men-tion the words, but in the real world, where real money and real decisions are being made by very smart people, they are all over this. Here is BlackRock: ‘‘Adapting Portfolios to Climate Change.’’ Sentence No. 1 in the report: ‘‘Inves-tors can no longer ignore climate change.’’ Investors can no longer ignore cli-mate change. No, it takes Congress to do that. Investors can no longer ignore climate change, but don’t worry, we will, as long as we are following the lead of our fossil fuel industry friends, right over the climate cliff. The report continues that we can ex-pect more frequent and severe weather events over the long term—something that actually we are seeing already, not only in the United States but around the world. They say that there is a market failure in this area—a mar-ket failure—as current fossil fuel prices arguably do not reflect the true costs of their extraction and use. That is what we are fighting about here. The fossil fuel industry has the best racket going in the world. They are able to pollute like crazy, do im-mense damage in the world—damage that coastal homeowners in Rhode Is-land, fishermen in Rhode Island, people who have breathing difficulties and are trying to breathe on a hot summer day in Rhode Island—they all have to pay the price. Under real market theory, the harm of the product has to be in the price of the product for the market to work. That is market 101. Well, they don’t want to play by those rules. They want to have everybody else cover the harm in their product, and they just get to shove it out into the marketplace with the biggest subsidy in creation. The International Monetary Fund is not a bunch of stupid people, and the International Monetary Fund, as far as I can tell, has no conflict of interest with respect to fossil fuel, unlike the fossil fuel companies, which are one massive example of a conflict of inter-est. The International Monetary Fund says that the subsidy to the fossil fuel industry every year—just in the United States of America—is $700 billion—bil-lion with a ‘‘b.’’ Like I said, how much mischief would they get up to for $700 billion? Oh, about $700 billion worth. Is there a fix to this? Yes, continues the BlackRock report. ‘‘The most cost- effective way for governments to meet emissions reduction targets: Policy frameworks that result in realistic car-bon pricing.’’ Market 101. Of course, they don’t want market 101, they want fossil fuels subsidies 101, and we go along with it because of the mis-chievous way they behave in politics. But we should not go along with it. It is not proper economics. It is not con-servative. It is nothing except tradi-tional, old-fashioned, special interests, special pleading. It is no different from any other polluter who wants to be able to dump their waste into the river or onto their neighbor’s yard or wher-ever it is rather than having to pay for cleaning up the mess they made. We go on through the report: ‘‘The world is rapidly using up its carbon budget,’’ says BlackRock. ‘‘The dam-age from climate change could shave 5 to 20 percent off global GDP annually by 2100.’’ Up to a fifth of global GDP gone. That is a massive economic cor-rection. That is massive economic pain. ‘‘The economic impacts,’’ it goes on to say, ‘‘are not just in the distant fu-ture. More frequent and more intense extreme weather events, such as hurri-canes, flooding, and droughts, are al-ready affecting assets and economies.’’ For anybody just tuning in, this is not me making this stuff up, this is BlackRock investments. They talk about global fossil fuel subsidies—four times as large, they say, as renewable energy support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.018 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1108 February 13, 2017 
Here is an interesting thing: ‘‘Scrap-ping energy subsidies could save gov-ernments some $3 trillion a year, more than they collect from corporate taxes,’’ according to BlackRock. So here we have the fossil fuel indus-try over there, and they are getting the biggest subsidy in the world—by IMF calculations, $700 billion a year—and the party that says it wants a more ef-ficient government and that ordinarily would like to reduce corporate taxes is defending that subsidy, even though that is taking money out of govern-ment more than corporate taxes. It is quite astonishing. The BlackRock re-port gives such a window into Congress by comparison, frankly. They conclude here by giving some pretty dire warn-ings about where this goes if people aren’t preparing for climate change. They say: 
Risk for the long-term investor . . . could lead to a permanent loss of capital. The ef-fects of climate change need to be part of that equation, we believe. Yet even short-term investors would do well to integrate climate factors into their portfolio. 
So from Goldman Sachs on to BlackRock, some of the most powerful and intelligent financial firms in the world are telling their investors: Get ready for climate change. The last page of the BlackRock re-port says: 
[C]urrent market prices arguably do not yet reflect the social costs of burning fossil fuels. . . . This externality is at the core of the climate challenge. 
The externality, of course, being that you take the harm that you cause and instead of putting it in the price of your product, you make everybody else around you pay for it by being a pol-luter. Then they asked the question: 
What is the correct price of carbon? It is hard to say. A 2015 U.S. government study estimated $36 of economic damages for each metric ton of carbon emitted. Yet estimates are rising: A 2015 Stanford University study points to $220 per metric ton. 
I believe that our U.S. social cost of carbon is running at about $45 per met-ric ton right now. And, by the way, it has been upheld twice—at least twice— by Federal courts. In fact, one court rather insisted that the social cost of carbon had to be baked into the under-lying rule; otherwise, the underlying rule couldn’t pass the test of being log-ical and fair and not arbitrary and ca-pricious. So there is the case from some of our leading financial institutions about cli-mate change. They have real money at stake. They have real clients. They can’t engage in the kind of nonsense that we engage in around here about climate change not being real or not being important or being something that there is still debate about or being something that if we try to fix it, it is going to cost too much money. All of that is total bunkum processed through all sorts of advertising-type public relations firms by the fossil fuel industry and sold to a gullible public as if it were true. A few folks who aren’t so gullible— all Republicans—have just come out with a very interesting report. Three of them were Treasury Secretaries. Re-publican Presidents trusted these folks with the conduct of the U.S. economy: Jim Baker, Secretary of the Treasury under President Reagan; Hank Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury under President Bush; and George Shultz, Secretary of the Treasury under President Nixon. These men have some pretty impressive credentials. Not only was he Secretary of the Treasury, but James Baker was also the Secretary of State. And not only was George Shultz Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary of State, he was also Secretary of Labor. These three former Treasury Secre-taries have led a group of other inves-tors, including the former chairman of the board of Walmart, the world’s larg-est retailer and employer; Tom Ste-phenson, a Republican who is a partner at Sequoia Capital, a very successful venture capital firm out in Silicon Val-ley; and Greg Mankiw, who was Chair-man of George W. Bush’s Council of Economic Advisers, so this is a very Republican group. They have a lot of experience. None of them holds elective office now, so they don’t have to worry about the fossil fuel industry threat-ening to crush them in a primary or spend millions of dollars through phony-baloney front groups against them or any of the usual stuff that politicians have to put up with from the fossil fuel industry as it fights to protect that massive subsidy that we have talked about already. Let’s go through this report by these very senior Republican officials. The first sentence: Mounting evidence of climate change is growing too strong to ignore. . . . For too long, many Republicans have looked the other way. 
Indeed. They go on to propose a con-servative climate solution—what they call a carbon dividends plan—which aligns actually fairly well with my American Opportunity Carbon Fee Act, which I have put forward in the past and am going to put forward in this Congress as well. I hope, given its alignment with this Republican leader-ship on climate, that we might actu-ally begin to get some conversations going here. We may have to go hide out of State someplace so the fossil fuel folks don’t find who is participating in the conversation and start punishing them for doing so, but we will see how that goes. The recommendation basically is for a carbon tax that collects revenue to offset the cost of pollution that is not in the price of the product and then re-turn it all to the American people through a big dividend. The report says: ‘‘A carbon tax would send a powerful market signal that en-courages technological innovation and largescale substitution of existing en-ergy and transportation infrastruc-tures, thereby stimulating new invest-ment.’’ Furthermore, a well-designed carbon dividends plan, the second half, the tax, would stimulate new investment and ‘‘a well-designed carbon dividends plan would further contribute to eco-nomic growth through its dynamic ef-fects on consumption and investment.’’ They definitely want to protect that one-to-one relationship so that all the money that comes in goes back out. That is the principle of my bill, as well, and I am more than willing to live with it. But the problems of failing to act also need attention. Since two of these gentlemen were Secretaries of State, we should take some interest when they say: ‘‘Our reli-ance on fossil fuels contributes to a less stable world, empowers rogue petro-states and makes us vulnerable to a volatile world oil market.’’ We have to address this issue for a lot of reasons, and I couldn’t be more satisfied that these two Republican Secretaries of State have actually made the connection that Thomas Friedman has made and that the De-partment of Defense has repeatedly made in its ‘‘Quadrennial Defense Re-view’’ between our overreliance on car-bon and between the harms of climate change and a less stable world—a world in which climate change is what the Defense Department has so often called a catalyst for conflict. They then reflect a little bit on what is going on with their party: ‘‘The op-position of many Republicans to mean-ingfully address climate change re-flects poor science and poor economics, and is at odds with the party’s own noble tradition of stewardship.’’ You would never know it nowadays, but the Republican Party was once the party of Teddy Roosevelt. They point out that ‘‘64% of Americans worry a great deal or a fair amount about cli-mate change, while a clear majority of Republicans acknowledge that climate change is occurring.’’ They go on to point out ‘‘that 67 per-cent of Americans’’—two thirds of Americans—‘‘support a carbon tax with proceeds returned directly to them.’’ Two thirds ‘‘of Americans support a carbon tax with proceeds returned di-rectly to them, including 54% of con-servative Republicans.’’ So let’s not pretend that this is a partisan issue. It is not a partisan issue. It is an issue in which a big spe-cial interest has thrown incredible weight around to try to crush one side of the debate. But clearly, if 67 percent of Americans supported anything and 54 percent of conservative Republicans supported that, we would probably be having a sensible conversation in the Senate about whatever that thing was. We just can’t do it when that thing happens to be climate change because we have the fossil fuel industry out there—powered up by Citizens United, spending all that money—trying to protect that huge, huge subsidy that they enjoy. Finally, the report points out—and I see the pages lined up here along the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.019 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1109 February 13, 2017 
side of the podium: ‘‘Increasingly, cli-mate change is becoming a defining issue for this next generation of Ameri-cans, which the GOP ignores at its own peril.’’ If this party wants to write off the young generation as they follow the fossil fuel industry off the climate cliff, there will be a very grave price to be paid. The report concludes: ‘‘With the privilege of controlling all branches of the government comes a responsibility to exercise wise leadership on the de-fining challenges of our era, including global climate change.’’ I don’t know where Mr. Mnuchin will lead on climate change at the Treasury Department. There are a number of ways in which the Treasury Depart-ment can be influential in this area. To my knowledge, he has never said any-thing about it yet. It was not too long ago—2009—that a full-page advertisement ran in the New York Times, a full page advertisement that pointed out that the science of cli-mate change was already, by then, to use the word in the advertisement, ‘‘ir-refutable.’’ The science of climate change was ‘‘irrefutable,’’ the adver-tisement said. Then the advertisement went on to say that the consequences of climate change would be ‘‘catastrophic and ir-reversible.’’ That is another quote from the advertisement: The consequences of climate change were to be ‘‘cata-strophic and irreversible.’’ On the one hand, you have science that is irrefutable; on the other hand, you have consequences of ignoring it that are catastrophic and irreversible. Who signed that advertisement? None other than Donald J. Trump—not only he, but his children, Donald Trump, Eric Trump, and Ivanka Trump, also all signed it. The year 2009 was not that long ago. It is possible that the Trump family could refer to what they knew in 2009 and perhaps take advice from a Treas-ury Secretary. I hope they take advice from three Treasury Secretaries, but we will see how that goes. Perhaps Mr. Mnuchin can be a voice to try to get the GOP out of the fossil fuel hole it is in, aligned with the 67 percent of American voters who want to see a revenue-neutral carbon tax, aligned with the majority of Repub-lican conservative voters who would support that, and aligned with the ir-refutable nature of the science, and ad-dressing the catastrophic and irrevers-ible consequences in this strange new administration in which the new nor-mal is abnormal. It is perhaps hard to expect much good to come, but let’s hope and let’s hope Mr. Mnuchin makes himself a part of the solution rather than just a part of the climate-denial problem that so infects us, particularly here in Congress. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the Senate will confirm the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be the Secretary of the Treasury. It is a nomination I sim-ply cannot support. The Treasury Department plays an essential role in the development of the economic policies that financially secure the United States in world mar-kets, that expand the opportunities available to all Americans, and that help set the stage for a sound and growing economy. Our country’s eco-nomic engine must be one that is ac-cessible to all Americans, not just the wealthy few. Regrettably, while Mr. Mnuchin may have a knowledge of the inner workings of Wall Street, he seems to know shockingly little of the hardships faced on Main Street. One need look no further than his role dur-ing the height of the housing crisis in foreclosing on tens of thousands of American families. Reducing these ac-tions to mere administrative matters belies the true struggles of those who don’t boast the personal coffers Mr. Mnuchin enjoys. I simply cannot ac-cept his explanation of his role in these actions. We cannot forget the devastation and hardship that the recent financial cri-sis brought upon our country, its peo-ple, its neighborhoods, its small busi-nesses, and its communities. People lost their homes and their jobs, and our markets crashed. Many have still have not recovered from those losses. As Congress worked to find the answers, it became clear that many large invest-ment banks and insurance companies hid the insecurity of their finances from stockholders and from the Amer-ican people. While many people lost their life savings, corporate executives received outrageous severance pack-ages. As the country lurched into a fi-nancial downward spiral, Mr. Mnuchin’s company, One West, admin-istered aggressive foreclosure tactics that added to the devastation of these families, including veterans. It was wrong. Mr. Mnuchin, in his testimony before the Senate Finance Committee, may have tried to convince the Amer-ican people that his was an innocent role in the crisis. But given that he could not provide a valid reason for failing to disclose that he was the di-rector of an offshore account worth more than $100 million, domiciled off-shore in the Cayman Islands, I just cannot buy what he is selling—and nei-ther can Vermonters. In 2010, Congress worked hard to pass the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. This legislation included a number of finan-cial reforms to change the way finan-cial institutions and banks take on risk, while adding protections for cus-tomers of these institutions, and cre-ating a new regulatory council in order to provide more effective oversight of the industry. President Trump has in-dicated that he will seek to roll back Dodd-Frank regulations, and Mr. Mnuchin reinforced this pledge in front of the Finance Committee. Since its in-ception in 2011, the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau, CFPBP, has re-ceived and sent to companies for re-view upward of 700,000 complaints from consumers across the country, ranging from abuses in debt collection and credit reporting, to student loans. I worry about the future of the CFPB under President Trump’s administra-tion. Its value and importance in pro-tecting Americans from predatory practices, like those of OneWest, can-not be overstated. I cannot support a Secretary who would unravel the re-forms we worked hard to enact and that protect the American people from the devastation of runaway corporate greed. For the last 8 years, we have focused with considerable success on rebuilding our economy. The unemployment rate is lower than it was before the finan-cial crisis. Small businesses are grow-ing. It is imperative that we continue to make economic progress and that we find additional ways to help those who have been left behind, without return-ing to the destructive policies that brought about the crisis in the first place. I am not convinced that Mr. Mnuchin is the right nominee to lead the Treasury Department and to con-tinue this forward progress. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today we consider the nomination of Steve Mnuchin, a multimillionaire former Goldman Sachs executive, hedge fund manager, and investor, to be Secretary of the Treasury. In our Nation’s history, the Treasury Sec-retary was the first Cabinet official to be confirmed by the Senate, when Alex-ander Hamilton took his post in 1789. The first Congress valued the Treas-ury Department highly, giving it more resources than all other government agencies combined. Today the mission of the Treasury Department is to: 
‘‘Maintain a strong economy and create economic and job opportunities by pro-moting the conditions that enable economic growth and stability at home and abroad, strengthen national security by combating threats and protecting the integrity of the financial system, and manage the U.S. Gov-ernment’s finances and resources effec-tively.’’ 
While the Department always serves a critical function, it has been particu-larly vital in times of financial crisis. In 2008, in the wake of lax regulation and excessive speculation, a financial crash shook our Nation’s economy. The Treasury Department was a key player to pull us back from the brink and keep the toxic contagion on Wall Street from spilling over to Main Street. We had to fight to ensure that the colossal failures of irresponsible corporate executives would not wipe out small businesses and citizens’ sav-ings. At that time, my congressional office helped hundreds of homeowners facing foreclosure, working them through the loan modification process, helping track down missing documents, and following up again and again with banks to make sure that paperwork was processed. We held a foreclosure prevention forum to connect people to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.021 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1110 February 13, 2017 
housing counselors. For too many, this process was extremely difficult, tre-mendously confusing, and, in some cases, deliberately misleading. While my office was always ready to help, there was no reason why congressional intervention should have been nec-essary to help families modify their payments to stay in their homes. Where was Steve Mnuchin at this time, when families across the Nation were struggling? He was profiting from it. In 2009, he joined a group of billion-aire-investors to buy IndyMac, a failed bank that the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation had taken over. The investors turned it into OneWest Bank, and they turned it into what the Cali-fornia Reinvestment Coalition called ‘‘a foreclosure machine.’’ Though the majority did not permit the California Reinvestment Coalition to testify at an official hearing on Mr. Mnuchin’s nomination, the coalition’s Paulina Gonzalez spoke with a number of Senators at a forum on Mr. Mnuchin’s bank. Ms. Gonzalez told us that OneWest was among the worst. OneWest denied more applications than most for the Home Affordable Modi-fication Program, the government pro-gram to help homeowners avoid fore-closure by adjusting their payment schedule. Ms. Gonzalez told us, ‘‘We have labeled OneWest a ‘foreclosure machine’ not only because it foreclosed on more than 60,000 American families and because of its aggressive fore-closure practices, but because it seemed to do little else.’’ Consider some of the heartbreaking foreclosure stories that OneWest left in its wake. A 90-year-old Florida woman lost her home after making a 27-cent payment error. Christina Clifford attempted to mod-ify her loan twice. Each time that she sent in her check with the paperwork, OneWest told her that her paperwork was not received—even though the bank cashed the check that was in the same envelope. A Minneapolis woman was in the process of negotiating a loan modifica-tion when she came home in a blizzard and found that her locks had been changed. OneWest and its subsidiary Financial Freedom were also notorious for what came to be called ‘‘widow fore-closures.’’ They lured seniors into re-verse mortgages signed by one spouse of a married couple. When the spouse who signed the paperwork died, OneWest and Financial Freedom would immediately begin the foreclosure process, sending out notices in as little as 10 days to widows and widowers. Another egregious bank practice dur-ing the foreclosure crisis was ‘‘robo- signing.’’ Mortgage officials would speed through foreclosure documents and sign off without reviewing their ac-curacy. This practice all too frequently led to the bank powering through as many foreclosures as possible. Mr. Mnuchin told the Finance Com-mittee that ‘‘OneWest Bank did not ‘robo-sign’ documents.’’ But in a depo-sition, a OneWest executive admitted to personally robo-signing hundreds of documents, even shortening her signa-ture to her initials to speed the process even further. Thanks to these draconian practices, Mr. Mnuchin made a tidy $1.5 billion in profit when he and his fellow investors sold OneWest after 6 years. In the aftermath of the devastating 2008 financial crisis, Congress worked to reform the system with the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act. Congress in-tended the law to reduce the kind of risk and recklessness that led to the crisis and strengthen Federal oversight of Wall Street and Big Banks. Congress created the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau to be a watchdog for ev-eryday Americans and prevent preda-tory lending and unscrupulous behav-ior by financial institutions. It began regulation of exotic financial deriva-tives that contributed to the crisis by masking risk and established the Volcker rule to place limits on ways that banks can invest to minimize con-flicts of interest and high-risk trans-actions. While Congress can certainly do more to improve consumer and investor pro-tections and ensure that no bank is ever ‘‘too big to fail,’’ Dodd-Frank is a critical reform. And since the day it passed, Republicans in Congress have attacked it, seeking to roll back its protections, weaken the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, and reduce the oversight of the speculative trans-actions that increase risk in our finan-cial markets. President Trump has called Dodd- Frank a ‘‘disaster’’ and vowed to ‘‘do a big number on it.’’ And last week, President Trump signed an Executive order directing a review of Dodd-Frank regulations. By his side at that moment was Gary Cohn, who was co-president of Goldman Sachs during the financial crisis. As detailed in a report by the Senate Per-manent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Goldman survived the crash in part by betting against its own cus-tomers and sticking them with bad mortgages. In 2006, they saw trouble coming in the subprime mortgage mar-ket and realized that they were over-invested. So they packaged the bad deals into new mortgage-backed prod-ucts and dumped them. In 2009, one an-alyst called Goldman ‘‘a single under-writer solely interested in pushing its dirty inventory onto unsuspecting and gullible investors.’’ President Trump’s adviser Gary Cohn was a leader of Goldman Sachs at that time. Now, after walking away from Goldman Sachs with a $285 million pay-out, he has become chair of the Na-tional Economic Council. Mr. Cohn is at President Trump’s side to work to unravel the reforms that Congress put in place to stop bad behavior of banks like Goldman Sachs. Mr. Mnuchin also worked at Goldman Sachs and continued to work in the hedge fund industry. Will he serve as a check on the impulse to reopen bank-ing to greater risk? In an interview with CNN’s Squawk Box after his nom-ination, he said, ‘‘We want to strip back parts of Dodd-Frank and that will be the number one priority on the reg-ulatory side,’’—the number one pri-ority. It is unclear how Mr. Mnuchin, Mr. Cohn, and President Trump plan to re-shape financial regulation, how much risk they plan to reintroduce to the markets, and whether they would en-sure adequate safeguards for consumers and investors. We do know, however, that Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Cohn are cozy with Wall Street and Big Banks, and it appears now that Mr. Trump’s talk about reining in Wall Street was just talk. In addition to the need to continue sensible oversight of the financial sys-tem, the next Treasury Secretary will have to confront one of the greatest challenges of our time—growing in-come inequality, wealth inequality, and wage stagnation. According to an Economic Policy In-stitute Analysis of data from the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics and Bureau of Economic Analysis, from 1948 until 1973, worker productivity and com-pensation rose at roughly similar rates—productivity increased by 96.7 percent and hourly compensation in-creased by 91.3 percent. Starting in 1973, however, growth in worker pro-ductivity and wages began to diverge dramatically. Between 1973 and 2013, productivity increased by 74.4 percent, but hourly compensation increased by just 9.2 percent. Not everyone, however, saw stagna-tion. The wages of the top 1 percent of earners grew 138 percent between 1979 and 2013, once again, according to anal-ysis by the Economic Policy Institute. In that same time period, the wages of workers in the bottom 10 percent actu-ally dropped by 5 percent. In 1965, an average company CEO made 20 times the salary of an average, nonmanagement worker. In 2014, the average CEO made 303 times the salary of an average worker. Many Americans feel that they are working harder than ever, but they aren’t getting ahead. Too often, they are right. They are taking on more and not getting compensated for the extra effort. We need policies to help average workers, like increasing the minimum wage, fair pay, and improvements to the Tax Code to encourage hard work rather than simply rewarding those who make money off of money. Is Mr. Mnuchin the right person to address this problem? His experience is certainly different from that of the av-erage worker. The son of a Goldman Sachs banker, he has accumulated enough wealth that he forgot to dis-close a hundred million dollars in as-sets to the Finance Committee. He has said little about his ideas for tax re-form, except creating what my col-league Senator W
YDEN has dubbed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.009 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1111 February 13, 2017 
‘‘Mnuchin Rule.’’ In an interview, Mr. Mnuchin said of tax reform: ‘‘Any re-ductions we have in upper-income taxes will be offset by less deductions, so there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ I would certainly wel-come that outcome. Unfortunately, it is totally inconsistent with the Trump tax plan. According to Matt Gardner, a senior fellow at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, President Trump’s tax plan is heavily weighted to benefit the wealthy, leading to ‘‘a new era of dynastic wealth.’’ A report from the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center concluded that President Trump’s plan would ‘‘significantly raise taxes’’ for about 8.5 million families, particularly working single parents. In contrast, the wealthiest one percent would re-ceive 47 percent—almost half—of the tax cuts, saving on average $214,000. The 117,000 households in the top 0.1 percent would receive, on average, a whopping $1.3 million each. In addition to exacerbating the prob-lem of income inequality, the Trump tax plan would add $7 trillion to the national debt over the next decade. It would blow a hole in our Federal budg-et to give big checks to the super-wealthy, provide limited benefit to the middle class, and hurt low-income fam-ilies. This is entirely backwards. We have learned over and over again that mas-sive tax cuts for the wealthy do not lead to economic growth for everyone. Trickle down has never worked. We need to build an economy that works for everyone, not just the very wealthy. And we certainly should not be rewarding the wealthy at the ex-pense of everyone else. Given what little we know of Mr. Mnuchin’s policy priorities, we have to look to his career to determine his ex-perience to carry out the mission of the Treasury to create economic and job opportunities and sustain economic growth. Unfortunately, Mr. Mnuchin appears to have had a canny ability to take advantage of the dire cir-cumstances of others to benefit him-self, particularly in pushing aggres-sively for foreclosures at OneWest. It is far from clear that he is willing to now work on behalf of all Americans and es-pecially those who have been working harder and receiving no return. I hope to be proven wrong, but I cannot sup-port his nomination. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, on January 20, at his inauguration, Presi-dent Trump stood before the American people and said: ‘‘For too long, a small group of our nation’s Capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost.’’ President Trump is right. The people have borne unimaginable costs: the cost of foreclosure, the cost of inequal-ity, the cost of poverty, and the cost of injustice. Sadly, it doesn’t look like that is going to change soon with this administration. Three weeks into this administration, President Trump has already begun to restore power back to Wall Street and the very same people who he said have caused tremendous problems for us. The nomination of Steve Mnuchin, someone who spent his entire career working on behalf of Wall Street at the expense of hard-working Americans, is a clear example. Let me say at the outset, I have not met him, but I tried to, but we couldn’t get an agreement as to when we might be able to get together. I wanted to talk to him about some important issues that many of us remember. We know what happened with the re-cession that greeted President Obama when he was sworn into office 8 years ago. We know about the foreclosures. We know of families being literally wiped out, all their savings gone be-cause of misleading tactics by fin-anciers. I still look at this, and as much as I respect President Obama and his ad-ministration, I shake my head and think: Nobody went to jail for all that occurred. People at the highest levels of the financial community on Wall Street and others were engaged in practices that we know now were un-fair and just plain wrong and, in many cases, illegal. I have taken a look at Mr. Mnuchin’s record. I have read a lot of stories about him. I have heard from home-owners’ personally impacted by his conduct, and let me tell you, what I have seen and heard leads me to be-lieve he is not the right person to be Secretary of the Treasury. Like most of President Trump’s nominees, Mr. Mnuchin was not chosen for his knowledge and experience on critical issues he will face if confirmed as Secretary of the Treasury. He was not chosen for his commitment to work for average working families. He was chosen for his loyalty to the Presi-dent, the new litmus test in the Repub-lican Party. Before serving as President Trump’s chief fundraiser on the campaign, Mr. Mnuchin worked to help wealthy indi-viduals and powerful special interest groups reap the benefits of what the President has called ‘‘a rigged system.’’ He served as an executive at Goldman Sachs and as a hedge fund manager. Perhaps what troubles me the most about Mr. Mnuchin’s experience is his tenure at the helm of a group known as OneWest, which came to be known as a foreclosure machine in America be-cause of the aggressive and question-able practices it used to foreclose on the homes of thousands of American families. Mr. Mnuchin was the head of the company that was doing the fore-closure. After our country experienced the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, Congress worked around the clock to prevent the econ-omy from going into free-fall and end some of the worst practices that helped bring the American economy to its knees. As we were working to save Amer-ican homes, Mr. Mnuchin—like Presi-dent Trump—saw opportunity to make a profit, personally earning millions from OneWest’s success as a fore-closure machine. As the head of OneWest, Mr. Mnuchin had the power to destroy lives through foreclosure or find ways to help home-owners stay in their homes. He chose to aggressively foreclose on families. During his nomination hearing, Mr. Mnuchin defended OneWest’s fore-closure practices and said he was proud of the work of the bank during the foreclosure crisis. Let me tell you about some of the stories, and you can decide whether Mr. Mnuchin should be proud of the record of the company he was man-aging. Rex Schaffer and his wife Rose lost their home of nearly 50 years, despite having qualified for a loan modifica-tion. Ossie Lofton, a 90-year-old woman, was foreclosed on because she was short 27 cents in her mortgage pay-ment—27 cents. The locks were changed on Leslie Park’s Minneapolis home in the middle of a blizzard. We have seen how organizations headed by Mr. Mnuchin treat people. If confirmed, Mr. Mnuchin would have the ability to use the power of the U.S. Treasury Department to stand on the side of Wall Street and on the opposite side of millions of working Americans. I don’t have confidence, based on his professional record, that Mr. Mnuchin will put the needs of hard-working fam-ilies first over Wall Street. While the foreclosure crisis and its aftermath seem like something in the past for so many people, that is not the case in my home State of Illinois. Foreclosures are devastating for the families forced out of their homes, but they are also devastating to sur-rounding communities and neighbor-hoods. If you want to know what a commu-nity looks like 50 years after the fore-closure crisis, visit my birthplace, my hometown of East St. Louis, IL, or even some of the neighborhoods on the south side of Chicago, or the west side, for that matter—vacant lot after va-cant lot, neglected buildings and homes, an economy devastated. And what is left? Some of the poorest fami-lies on earth. While we have made significant progress since the recession of 2008, many families in my State and across the country are still suffering. There is work to do. If confirmed, Mr. Mnuchin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.009 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1112 February 13, 2017 
will be responsible for protecting these families and ensuring that we don’t have another financial crisis. All we have seen from him is his ability to profit from the foreclosure crisis and the devastation left in its wake. In the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2008, Congress got together with the Presi-dent and passed Dodd-Frank. This was Wall Street reform determined not to let another economic crisis follow. The consumer protection act was also passed to prevent these crises and to reform the problems that caused them. Mr. Mnuchin has made no secret of the fact that his No. 1 regulatory pri-ority is to roll back Wall Street re-form, to return the barbarians to the gates. Despite the promises President Trump made during his campaign, in-cluding ‘‘not letting Wall Street get away with murder,’’ Mr. Mnuchin has an ally in President Trump in undoing Dodd-Frank. President Trump signed an Executive order that would begin rolling back the important consumer and financial system reforms we passed as part of Dodd-Frank. The President signed this order sitting among the biggest beneficiaries of his actions, some of Wall Street’s high rollers. Make no mistake, if President Trump gets his way and Steven Mnuchin is confirmed, the banks are going to have the best friend they can think of in the Treasury Department, just like they did before the economic crash of 2008. It is clear the American people can’t count on Mr. Mnuchin, based on his business experience, to decide with them over Wall Street. But, certainly, he should be committed to basic fair-ness of the Tax Code. He said he was until he wasn’t. Shortly after his nomi-nation, Mr. Mnuchin said there would be ‘‘no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ Yet he has not spoken out against the significant tax cuts the wealthy would receive from the repeal of the Affordable Care Act or under the President’s and the House Republican’s tax reform plan. We shouldn’t be sur-prised by this because we are asking Mr. Mnuchin to close the loopholes and raise the taxes on the very people he helped to avoid paying taxes by using offshore tax havens as a hedge fund manager. We are still recovering from the dev-astation of that financial crisis 8 years ago. We can’t afford to have our Na-tion’s top economic official be a man who has only been looking out for Wall Street. For a President who ran on bringing back jobs and being a cham-pion of the working people, the choices of President Trump for his Cabinet are the opposite and have taken advantage of the very system he has derided as rigged against the people. The American people deserve better. When Mr. Mnuchin’s nomination is brought to the Senate floor for a vote, I will vote no, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
NOMINATION OF DAVID SHULKIN  
Madam President, I want to take a moment to address the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be confirmed soon as the next Secretary of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. We all know the Veterans Affairs Department faced a number of challenges in recent years: long waiting times, disability claims backlogs, issues related to account-ability, whistleblowers, and the quality of care. The list is too long. As the sec-ond largest Federal agency, employing more than 350,000 people across Amer-ica and serving as our largest inte-grated health care system, some chal-lenges are unavoidable. As the VA provides for the brave men and women who fought and sacrificed for this country, as well as their fami-lies, it is critical that it be held to a high standard. We in Congress must work to ensure that, in addition to holding the Department to a high standard, we also ensure that it is well funded and that it has the tools and flexibility to do the job. It is critical that we strengthen the VA system and not weaken it through privatization, which would only lower the quality of health care for our vet-erans. That is why I am pleased with the nomination of Dr. Shulkin by President Trump to be the next Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. Despite years of people playing poli-tics with the VA—efforts which have only been counterproductive and have made it difficult for the VA to fill crit-ical vacancies—and despite months of President Trump’s talking about pri-vatization without offering real solu-tions, today we have a nominee who appears to understand that, while there is a role for expanded care options, weakening or dismantling the VA is not the answer. I was heartened by Dr. Shulkin’s commitment during his hear-ing in the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee on February 1, where he said: ‘‘The Department of Veterans Af-fairs will not be privatized under my watch.’’ Dr. Shulkin may not be a veteran himself, but I am encouraged by the fact that he comes from a military family and has decades of medical ex-perience, including serving for 2 years under former VA Secretary Robert McDonald as head of the Veterans Health Administration after being nominated by President Obama. May I add that he left a lucrative private sec-tor job and took a huge pay cut to join the VA. It is no surprise that a number of vet-erans service organizations actively support his nomination. Although progress has been made in recent years, there are still challenges at the VA that we need to continue to address. I worry about the veterans’ health care, education, homelessness, account-ability, and a host of other issues. I look forward to working with Dr. Shulkin on these matters. But we must not forget that, overall, in terms of health care, the VA is con-sistently found to provide care in key areas that is better than or on par with care in the private sector. It is signifi-cantly more cost effective, as well. And most veterans across the country pre-fer their veteran-centric health care that they receive in the VA. Despite what some may claim, most of them do not support privatization. I want to be clear that this includes a myriad of ef-forts under the guise of expanding ac-cess or choice. So I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting Dr. Shulkin to be the next VA Secretary. I shared then- President Obama’s sentiment that he was the right person to head up the Veterans Health Administration back in 2015, and I believe he is the right person to head the VA today. Just 3 days ago, I was in Marion, IL, and visited our veterans hospital there. I met with the administrator. Ms. Ginsberg told me she knew of Dr. Shulkin and had high regard for him. That came as high praise from someone who is on the front line of serving thousands of deserving veterans in southern Illinois every single day. So her endorsement helped me to come forward today and to commit that I will be voting to make sure that Dr. Shulkin gets this opportunity to head the Veterans Affairs agency. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, even now, more than 2 months after then President-Elect Trump nominated Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury Sec-retary, I still find it hard to believe. Month after month out on the cam-paign trail, President Trump attacked Wall Street. He said, time after time, that he was going to take on Wall Street. He attacked his opponents in the primaries and in the general elec-tion by saying that they were too close to Wall Street and, specifically, too close to Goldman Sachs. He said, regarding Secretary Clinton: She will never reform Wall Street. I know the guys at Goldman Sachs; they have total control. But he countered this by saying that he would do it dif-ferently. He promised to take on Wall Street. He promised to fight for mid-dle-class Americans. He promised to drain the swamp and reduce and elimi-nate the powerful entrenched special interests here in Washington, DC. But what a change can happen within a few weeks. Less than a month after winning the Presidency—I should point out, winning the electoral college but losing by a massive margin the popular vote, the citizen vote—who does Mr. Trump pick to be Treasury Secretary? A 17-year Goldman Sachs veteran, a foreclosure king—Steve Mnuchin. So here tonight, not even a decade after the second worst financial crisis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.024 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1113 February 13, 2017 
in U.S. history, we will be holding a vote on whether Steve Mnuchin is a fit character to be Secretary of the Treas-ury. What is particularly puzzling is not only the Goldman Sachs background, in contrast with the President’s cam-paign promises, but also that this indi-vidual was a contributor to many of the predatory practices that nearly de-stroyed our economy in 2008, and he is someone who made a fortune throwing struggling American families out of their homes and onto the streets. I am somewhat shocked we are here tonight and that some of my colleagues are considering voting to put a man in charge of our Nation’s financial system who played such a role in bringing it to its knees just a couple of years ago. Let’s remember the massive impact on American families. They lost jobs by the millions. The unemployment rate soared. They lost their retirement savings and often they lost their homes—not just because they lost their jobs and couldn’t pay their mortgage but because of the predatory design of the mortgages. So I am shocked that I am here to-night and we are holding this vote and that we are particularly considering an individual who worked to tear down the protections and throw American families to the Wall Street wolves. Maybe we should have a Treasury Secretary who succeeded in the past to build up the economy, not one who par-ticipated in tearing it down. Maybe we should have a Treasury Secretary who worked hard to put tens of thousands of people into homes, rather than someone who personally profited by throwing tens of thousands of Amer-ican families out of their homes. I would be feeling much better about the vote we are holding tonight if that was the case because the American people have endured too much pain and suf-fering at the machinations of Wall Street. I thought we had perhaps learned our lesson. We worked hard to pass the Dodd-Frank reforms that would end those predatory mortgages, that would end those liar loans, that would end those teaser rate-exploding interest rate loans that brought families to their knees, that would end the securi-ties designed in such a fashion that you couldn’t evaluate whether they were AAA or AA, that would end this proc-ess and this formulation that turned the dream of American homeownership into the nightmare of American home-ownership—this nightmare in which, instead of building wealth for Amer-ican families, homeownership became a predatory instrument for draining wealth from American families. What was Steve Mnuchin doing when the Banking Committee was working to save the economy he had helped to tear down? Well, he was foreclosing on more than 36,000 struggling home-owners, conducting more than one- third of all the reverse mortgage fore-closures, running a bank with a record of discriminating against minority home buyers, running a bank with a record of discriminating against mi-nority neighborhoods. So for all these reasons, this is the wrong man; the wrong man because he does not fit the promise the President made to take on Wall Street; the wrong man because he participated in de-stroying our economy, which harmed millions of American families; and the wrong man because he wants to dis-mantle Dodd-Frank, which had been put together specifically to end the predatory practices, including the ille-gal robo-signing he participated in. This individual has no business over-seeing the financial future of the American people so I will be voting no on his confirmation, and I passionately urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to speak about the nomina-tion of Steve Mnuchin to be Secretary of the Treasury and the concerns I have about his nomination. I want to start with a Pennsylvania story. It is a story we wish we didn’t have to highlight, but it is relevant to the discussion and debate on this nomi-nation. I am looking at a document that is a written summary of a television inves-tigative news report from January of this year. It is from the Pittsburgh tel-evision station WTAE, and it is dated January 16, 2017. The headline on the document is ‘‘Trump Pick for Treasury Secretary Foreclosed on Hundreds of Homeowners in Western Pennsyl-vania.’’ The article says in pertinent part about this one Pennsylvanian: 
Nellie Mlinek lost her husband to cancer. She lost her son to an overdose. And then she lost her home to OneWest Bank. 
It goes on to describe the interaction between this individual and the bank, and of course this is the bank of which Steve Mnuchin was a part owner. I also want to read what she said about the circumstance she was in. She was hoping that because of the cir-cumstances with regard to her home, that she would be able to work with the bank instead of having foreclosure. That was not to be. The article goes on to talk about oth-ers in the region who had foreclosures as well. A house in White Oak, PA, was foreclosed in 2014; a house in North Versailles was foreclosed in 2013; a house in Penn Hills in 2012; a Pitts-burgh house was foreclosed in 2011. These are all communities in Alle-gheny County, Southwestern Pennsyl-vania, and Nellie was from Westmore-land County, which is just to the east of Allegheny County. So that is what the article summarizes—foreclosures throughout a corner of Southwestern Pennsylvania, as the headline says, hundreds of foreclosures. The article starts with this line: ‘‘Critics say President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, ran a foreclosure ma-chine at a major bank,’’ and it goes on from there. That is one in Pennsyl-vania, and then references to fore-closures that I read from are sum-maries of what happened to some oth-ers. Then we go to the other end of the State. This is in Southeastern Pennsyl-vania, the region within which Phila-delphia sits. In this case, the individual is Ruth Guerriero. Ruth is from South Philadelphia, and she remembers the day she got the letter that ‘‘scared me to death.’’ The letter threatened a fore-closure because of a reverse mortgage that she didn’t know existed. The head-line of this article is ‘‘Reverse-mort-gage nightmare can start after bor-rower dies.’’ In this case, Ruth lost her husband. The article says that this particular piece of mail in October 2013 was from OneWest Bank, informing Ruth that it was foreclosing on the house in the 2800 block of South Hutchinson Street that she and her late husband had bought in 2006 for $200,000. Without her knowl-edge, Ruth Guerriero said, her hus-band, 23 years her senior, had taken out a reverse mortgage in September 2007. It goes on from there. So anyone who has had that experi-ence of losing a home or becoming the victim of a reverse mortgage when you didn’t have prior knowledge can relate to what has happened to these individ-uals. This is part of the debate. These are not the only considerations we weigh, but when you have, in this case, a nominee for Treasury Secretary who comes into the nomination process not having held public office or not having held appointed government office, this is part of the record you are to review. It is really the only record—the record in this case as a banker or a business-person, and in his case, his work on Wall Street. I had the opportunity, of course, as a member of the Finance Committee, to meet Mr. Mnuchin in my office and to question him more than once in the question period for the Finance Com-mittee. In our meeting, I asked him, for example—and these are other rel-evant questions in terms of presenting accurate information, presenting infor-mation that will fully answer ques-tions—I asked him how many times his financial institution chose to modify mortgages as opposed to foreclosing, and he told me that there were about 100,000 mortgage modifications. Yet we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.026 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1114 February 13, 2017 
know the documented evidence tells a different story; it is about one-third that number, closer to 35,000 modifica-tions. I realize that someone could not re-member the exact number, but I was surprised at how far off he was in some-thing so substantial in someone’s life, whether it was a person like Nellie or other individuals. A mortgage fore-closure, as opposed to a modification, which is a better result for an indi-vidual or family—that is a substantial difference in their lives. And I would hope that when you are in any way in-volved in a foreclosure, as a banker or as a part of an entity that is fore-closing, that you would carefully weigh the consequences before you choose to pursue foreclosure or pursue a different path, the path of modification, which, of course, everyone would prefer in that circumstance. I asked Steve Mnuchin how many Americans his bank had foreclosed on during the financial crisis, and he has yet to provide an answer to that ques-tion. I know others may have asked a similar question, and I wonder if they got an answer. We will see what the public record shows. Mr. Mnuchin was also asked to pro-vide a copy of a letter he said he sent to the Department of Housing and Urban Development raising concerns about the impact of the company’s re-verse mortgage guidance. It was almost a month ago that we asked for that in-formation to be produced, that letter, and we still haven’t seen it. So I won-der about the statement he made with regard to information from HUD. I also asked Mr. Mnuchin whether his financial institution engaged in the predatory practice of so-called robo- signing, and this is a question which was asked by a couple of Senators. I asked him for that information, and he said that wasn’t the case. But now we know from the documented evidence in an answer that he later changed that there was robo-signing taking place at the time we alleged that it did. So when you ask a question in a hearing and you get an answer that was wrong or incomplete or misleading or otherwise, that is one thing. You could sometimes have a circumstance where someone didn’t intentionally want to mislead or tell a lie, or they may have answered a question impre-cisely or without a lot of information. But I think it is a little different when you ask a question in writing, where the individual had the time to analyze a question and provide an answer in writing with some time to reflect, some time to consult some other sources of information before they draft their answer and then submit it to you as part of the nomination proc-ess. In this case, Mr. Mnuchin had a different answer than the facts showed, and I will go through that a little bit later. At some level, there is a question of accuracy, maybe even rising to the level of trust, and that is something we have to consider when we are making a determination about a nominee, be-cause almost any Cabinet agency has to transmit information, very specific, detailed information. People have to be able to rely upon the information, the accuracy of it and the completeness of it. And if he has had problems in his nomination process, that causes us to raise some real questions. I wanted to start with OneWest Bank—another entity called Financial Freedom. I don’t know how far we will get into this in the limited time we have. In 2009, Mr. Mnuchin and his business partners bought OneWest Bank at the height of the financial cri-sis for $1.6 billion, paying about 5 cents on the dollar for the bank’s assets. Mr. Mnuchin was able to buy the bank at such a significant discount in part be-cause he was entrusted to modify as many home mortgages as possible so homeowners could stay in their homes. He foreclosed on more than—I should say OneWest Bank foreclosed on more than 40,000 Americans, so we are told. We don’t know how many fore-closures they engaged in in Pennsyl-vania, but, as I read a couple moments ago from an investigative report from WTAE, it is at least hundreds in one region of the State. We have 67 coun-ties. Depending on where you draw the line, Southwestern Pennsylvania is 10 counties, 12 counties, somewhere in that range, maybe as high as 15 if you went as far north as Erie. Let’s say it is 15 counties. Hundreds of foreclosures in that region is substantial. Later, after all of those thousands of foreclosures across the country, Mr. Mnuchin sold OneWest Bank for $3.4 billion in 2015. The sale itself yielded the group of individuals, including Mr. Mnuchin, billions of dollars—that would be Mr. Mnuchin and also inves-tors. I mentioned the foreclosures before and the individuals involved. I wanted to go a little deeper into the particular circumstances. I mentioned and highlighted Nellie’s story. Here is what took place in that circumstance—or what she had hoped would take place. Nellie was hoping that she would be able to work some-thing out with the bank, so she asked OneWest to help her keep the house by adjusting her payment. That often hap-pens when a bank initiates a fore-closure. It begins a process but works something out with a homeowner, and that would be called a modification. In this case, Nellie asked OneWest to help her keep her house by adjusting her payment, but she said the bank refused and then foreclosed on her. She said: ‘‘They should have worked with me to meet a payment that I could make.’’ She filed for bankruptcy, but even that did not save her house. She said it cost her ‘‘a lot of depression.’’ That is what Nellie said about her own cir-cumstances, and I mentioned the other communities in Western Pennsylvania. That is the reality foreclosure brings to bear on the life of one individual who is struggling, who, in Nellie’s case, has had a series of setbacks, deeply personal, tragic circumstances com-pounded by the foreclosure. The same is true of Ruth in South Philadelphia, in terms of the impact of that decision. We have a lot of ways to summarize in-formation like this, and I will just highlight maybe one or two. For example, according to the Na-tional Consumer Law Center, in March of 2012, a Philadelphia senior citizen with a reverse mortgage from a wing of Mr. Mnuchin’s bank—in this case, the name of the entity was Financial Free-dom—sought assistance because he had been served with a preforeclosure no-tice. The reverse mortgage company owned by Mr. Mnuchin gave this indi-vidual 30 days to pay almost $5,000. What was the bill for? Well, without his knowing it, Financial Freedom charged him over $2,000 for forced- placed insurance coverage from 2010 to 2012. Financial Freedom threatened to go forward with the foreclosure unless this senior citizen made immediate monthly payments equal to almost 35 percent of his monthly income. With legal assistance, those payments were reduced. I would hope you would not need to hire a lawyer to get those payments re-duced, but sometimes when you are up against a powerful financial institu-tion, that is the only way to proceed. Instead of immediately informing this senior citizen of his lapsed cov-erage, Financial Freedom charged ex-cessive amounts for forced-placed cov-erage. Financial Freedom then waited 2 years to begin collection, but it ex-pected this senior, who was living on a fixed income, to pay within 30 days. Fi-nancial Freedom also did not tell this senior citizen he could apply for a longer repayment plan due to his low income. According to the National Consumer Law Center, in 2015, Financial Freedom notified a Pennsylvania reverse mort-gage holder’s heirs that the only way to avoid foreclosure on the family home was by repaying the loan balance or selling the property for at least 95 percent of its appraised value. They said the appraised value for the Penn-sylvania home was $170,000, even though their own appraisal of the prop-erty just one month earlier was $67,000. There is a big difference between $170,000 and $67,000. It seems that $170,000 was the appraised value at loan origination, way back in 2007. Now, of course, it is years later, and that was, of course, before the market collapsed. So for the purposes of preforeclosure notice, Financial Freedom used an ap-praisal over $100,000 more than the ac-tual value of the home. They were try-ing to force the heirs to pay more than $100,000 above the home’s value to pre-vent foreclosure of the family home. So these are a couple of Pennsylvania stories—Ruth and Nellie and then some others, whose names aren’t in the text of my remarks, but give similar stories about some of the foreclosure practices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.028 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1115 February 13, 2017 
that Mr. Mnuchin was part of when he had these individual banks. Here is the question on robo-signing that I mentioned earlier. I submitted a question for the record in writing and gave it to him, and here is what his re-sponse was to the question. The ques-tion was this: 
One of the most significant scandals during the financial crisis was the practice of ‘‘robo- signing’’ whereby bank employees rapidly approved foreclosure documents without thorough review. Many were wrongfully fore-closed upon on account of these practices. Did OneWest Bank ‘‘robo sign’’ documents relating to foreclosures and evictions? 
His response was pretty shocking: 
OneWest Bank did not robo-sign docu-ments, and as the only bank to successfully complete the independent foreclosure review required by Federal banking regulators to investigate allegations of robo-signing, I am proud of our institution’s extremely low error rate. 
The reason I say that it was a shock-ing answer is because he had signed his name to a 2011 document that found that OneWest Bank did, in fact, robo- sign. The findings from the Office of Thrift Supervision does not explicitly state robo-signing—that is not a legal term of art—but it does set forth a fact pattern for robo-signing, which in-volves an employee signing foreclosure documents without reviewing them. In-stead of reviewing the details of each, robo-signers assume the paperwork is correct and sign it automatically. Al-most anyone who lived through the fi-nancial crisis of 2008 knows what robo- signing is, and many were victims of this practice. So that is a problem, obviously, when you answer a question in a manner that is totally inconsistent with the facts. I know I am low on time, and I want to wrap up. What I will do for the record—or if we have time to come back later—is to get into some other issues. But one of the real concerns I have about his nomination is not just his record as a banker, as a person working on Wall Street and working in that world. It is one thing to say you did something in your prior life, but once you put on the mantle of public service and the heavy responsibilities of Treasury Secretary, you set aside that other work you did or that other position you had, maybe, on some issues. But, apparently, some of his work—or at least some of his points of view—will continue in the Treasury Department, because I think it is pret-ty clear, based upon some reporting back at the end of November, that Mr. Mnuchin believes that one of his prime responsibilities is to begin to dis-mantle, or substantially alter, what we know as the Dodd-Frank legislation. We know what happened prior to that. We know what happened to the economy. We know that the United States lost about $19 trillion in house-hold wealth. That is $19 trillion, with a ‘‘t.’’ More than 8 million jobs—by one estimate, 8.7 million jobs—were lost. So I would hope that as Treasury Sec-retary, were he to be confirmed, he would make sure that we never go down that path again—that before you dismantle Dodd-Frank, you better think about the consequences to real people’s lives. So I will wrap up because I know we have to go, but I will put more infor-mation in the RECORD . Let me conclude with one thought before we move on. One of the concerns I have about his nomination, also, is not something you can point to in a document. It is just a gut instinct or a judgment that I have made, and it is a judgment that can be summarized this way: I have a real concern about his commitment to public service. Why do I say that? It seemed that, in this whole process of disclosing financial information—turning over documents, answering questions, answering follow- up questions—Mr. Mnuchin was kind of resistant to scrutiny or seemed to be burdened by this, and that somehow he was disclosing too much. His de-meanor, when you would ask him some questions, appeared to me to be a de-meanor that was not consistent with what public service must be about. When you are in public service, wheth-er you are elected or appointed, you are, in fact, a servant. You don’t work for a bank, you don’t work for a finan-cial institution, and you don’t work for a company. You don’t even work for a President. You work for the people. I was taught a long time ago that the closer you can get to this ideal—which is inscribed on a building in our State capitol in Harrisburg: ‘‘All public serv-ice is a trust, given in faith and accept-ed in honor’’—the way you accept your public duties is not only to disclose what you should disclose, to answer questions which you must answer, but to do it in a manner where you are doing it with a belief that you are a public servant and with the spirit of public service. If you are labored and if you are chafing under that or resisting, you should probably do something else with your life. I hope I am wrong about that. I hope once he is in office—and it appears that he may be confirmed—and if he is con-firmed, we see a different approach to the duties of public service and the burdens of public service. I hope I am wrong about him, but my instincts tell me otherwise. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition to President Trump’s nominee to serve as Secretary of the Treasury, Steve Mnuchin. From his days at Goldman Sachs, on the frontlines of developing the very products that brought our economy to its knees, to his reign as chairman of OneWest Bank, quantified by tens of thousands of foreclosures and qualified by years of despair, to his plan to get rich off cash-strapped seniors, to his in-vestments in Sears that stripped pen-sion benefits from low-wage-earners, Mr. Mnuchin made a career out of ex-ploiting the financial turmoil of hard- working American families, never once stopping to consider the impacts of his profiteering on the people of this coun-try. At every step of the way, Mr. Mnuchin’s mantra has been to pri-vatize profits and socialize losses. While our President spent much of his campaign railing against Goldman Sachs and Wall Street’s stranglehold on Washington, it should be lost on no one that Wall Street has the majority vote in this administration. With friends like Mr. Mnuchin and Gary Cohn in high places, the country’s larg-est and most complex financial institu-tions can rest easy, knowing this ad-ministration is firmly committed to their bottom lines. As Treasury Sec-retary, Mr. Mnuchin will be a chief ar-chitect of the GOP’s ‘‘Wall Street First’’ policy. Despite his self-described humble be-ginnings at Goldman Sachs in the 1980s, Mr. Mnuchin was on the frontlines of developing the now-infa-mous collateralized debt obligations known as CDOs and credit default swaps. I urge my colleagues not to be fooled by Mr. Mnuchin. He was part of the cadre of corporate raiders that brought our economy to its knees. In its 2011 report on the great reces-sion that wiped out nearly $13 trillion in household wealth and cost nearly 9 million Americans their jobs, the Sen-ate Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations described Goldman Sachs’ role in the crisis as follows: 
Goldman engaged in securitization prac-tices that magnified risk in the market by selling high risk, poor quality mortgage products. 
It said: 
Conflicts of interest related to proprietary investments led Goldman to conceal its ad-verse financial interests from potential in-vestors, sell investors poor quality invest-ments, and place its final interests before those of its clients. . . .’’ 
Despite the damage they caused, Mr. Mnuchin never learned his lesson, and, as recently as 2012, he praised these in-struments, calling them ‘‘an extremely positive development in terms of being able to finance different parts of the economy and different businesses effi-ciently.’’ Now, after he left Goldman Sachs, Mr. Mnuchin started a hedge fund, Dune Capital, which started investing in an exotic financial instrument called life settlements, which are made up of life insurance policies purchased from cash-strapped seniors. The inves-tor, Mr. Mnuchin’s hedge fund, had a plan to pay the premiums on the poli-cies until the seniors died, at which point they would cash in on the insur-ance claims. So let’s be clear. Under Mr. Mnuchin’s plan, the sooner seniors died, the more money his hedge fund would make. While the markets for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.030 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1116 February 13, 2017 
this product collapsed before Mr. Mnuchin could cash in, we have to ask ourselves if this is the type of leader whom we want at the helm of our econ-omy? Do we really want a Treasury Secretary who had a plan to get rich off of dying seniors? That brings us to the end of 2008 and early 2009. Wall Street had brought our economy to the brink of collapse, and 13.2 million Americans were facing un-employment. Home values were plum-meting, having fallen 12.5 percent in just one quarter. And where was Mr. Mnuchin? He was negotiating the deal of a lifetime. In the darkest days of the financial crisis, when Rome was burn-ing, Mr. Mnuchin and his friends were looking for stores to raid. Boy, did they find a gem in IndyMac. He purchased IndyMac’s $23.5 billion of assets for a mere $1.55 billion in March of 2009. With the FDIC, Federal Deposit Insurance entity backing, its too many loans went south. So he had a govern-mental guarantee for $23.5 billion of as-sets for about $1.5 billion, and he had the government’s guarantee. All that Mr. Mnuchin had to do was to agree to help homeowners struggling with their mortgages, but Mr. Mnuchin didn’t hold up his end of the bargain. He wanted more. Apparently, the profit margins of foreclosure were just too sweet to ignore. After buying IndyMac and renaming it OneWest Bank, Mr. Mnuchin was in-stalled as chairman. But instead of working to achieve sustainable loan modifications and workouts for strug-gling borrowers, as Mr. Mnuchin had committed to doing, OneWest’s busi-ness model centered on kicking bor-rowers out of their homes at the first sign of default. In April of 2011, the former Office of Thrift Supervision hit OneWest Bank with a consent order because the bank was actually putting homeowners on a fast track to foreclosure, robo-signing foreclosure documents. In a sworn deposition in 2009, a OneWest vice president admitted to robo-signing 750 foreclosure documents a week without ever reading or review-ing them. In 2014, an independent gov-ernment review of OneWest’s fore-closure activities in 2009 and 2010 alone identified more than 10,000 home-owners, including dozens of active-duty servicemembers, who were owed $8.5 million in damages due to the bank’s foreclosure practices. OneWest’s practices were especially egregious when it came to seniors with reverse mortgage loans. During Mr. Mnuchin’s tenure at the bank, OneWest’s reverse mortgage sub-sidiary, Financial Freedom, had ap-proximately 17 percent of the reverse mortgage shares but was responsible for nearly 40 percent of reverse mort-gage foreclosures. In other words, Mr. Mnuchin cornered the market on focus-ing and foreclosing on seniors in Amer-ica. Whether it was foreclosing on a 90- year-old woman over a 27-cent—27- cent—missed payment or threatening to kick an 84-year-old widow out of her home of 54 years, Mr. Mnuchin was ruthless. What did Mr. Mnuchin have to say about all of this when we asked him during his confirmation hearing in the Senate Finance Committee? He dodged responsibility at every step. First he blamed IndyMac for the quality of mortgage loans; then he blamed gov-ernment regulations, which he falsely claimed forced his bank to kick people out of their homes. If that wasn’t enough, Mr. Mnuchin had the audacity to tell us that his bank did not robo- sign documents despite clear evidence to the contrary. To make matters worse, Mr. Mnuchin had the gall to call OneWest a loan modification machine. He repeatedly misled the committee that OneWest provided more than 100,000 loan modi-fications when, in fact, they modified less than one-quarter of that amount. On top of misleading the committee, Mr. Mnuchin has been unwilling to pro-vide information on the number of bor-rowers who lost their homes during the time that he ran the bank. We believe that number is at least 60,000 families and seniors, but those numbers could even be higher. At the end of the day, this is about much more than numbers. It is about the seniors who are barely hanging on to their homes—their only source of wealth. It is about communities that were hit with a one-two punch of subprime loans in the years leading up to the crisis, only to face banks like OneWest with unrelenting foreclosure practices that stopped at nothing until they had kicked people out of their homes. It is about people like Sylvia Oliver of Scotch Plains, NJ. After her em-ployer cut her hours in 2009, like so many other hardworking Americans at the time, she ran into difficulty paying her mortgage. Despite the fact that Ms. Oliver found a full-time job and applied eight—eight—times for loan modifica-tions, Mr. Mnuchin’s bank denied each and every one of her applications. Ms. Oliver has been fighting to save her home for 7 years. She is hanging on by a thread. Her own words speak volumes about Mr. Mnuchin. She said: 
It’s been very painful and stressful not knowing if my kids and my family are going to have a home to live in, or if it’s going to be foreclosed on. I would ask you to remem-ber my experience when you consider wheth-er Mr. Mnuchin is qualified to lead the De-partment of the Treasury. As the CEO and Chair of OneWest Bank, Mr. Mnuchin had the opportunity to help families like mine with responsible loan modifications, and he didn’t. I don’t think this is a track record that anybody should be proud of. 
Ms. Oliver is right. Mr. Mnuchin’s record is not only undeserving of pride, it is shameful. While Mr. Mnuchin’s business formula proved toxic for tens of thousands of hard-working American families and seniors, it was incredibly lucrative for Mr. Mnuchin and OneWest’s investors. He sold OneWest for $3.4 billion, a profit of $1.85 billion over just 6 years, making around $200 million for himself. That is a pretty nice return on investment. While I am gravely concerned about Mr. Mnuchin’s history of exploiting hard-working Americans to line his own pockets, I am equally concerned about his plan to unchain Wall Street. Mr. Mnuchin has made it his No. 1 pri-ority to roll back Wall Street reform. As my friend Senator BROWN has often said, our colleagues seem to have contracted a case of collective amnesia about the great recession. Just 8.5 years after the worst financial collapse in 80 years, which put taxpayers on the line for billions in bailouts, the Presi-dent, Republicans in Congress, and Mr. Mnuchin are champing at the bit to take down the very protections that were put in place to prevent another catastrophe. I ask them, Have we learned nothing? We know what this administration wants. It wants what the industry wants. On the day the President signed his ‘‘Wall Street First’’ Executive order, Goldman Sachs’ shares soared 4.6 percent, a $4 billion gain. At the end of the day, Mr. Mnuchin is nominated to serve in a position to ensure the fi-nancial stability of the American econ-omy, but his only experience is betting on the financial instability of Amer-ican families. Not only did he profit off the backs of struggling homeowners, he also stands to profit off of pensions he mismanaged while on the board of the Sears com-pany. From the time Mr. Mnuchin joined the board of Sears, the company lost billions of dollars, including more than $8 billion since 2011 alone. Rather than invest in growth and its workers, he decided to strip the company of its most valuable assets and keep them for themselves and their friends. While Sears seemed to lose in this transaction, there were some that cer-tainly appeared to profit. Not surpris-ingly, Mr. Mnuchin and his hedge fund friends were those profiteers. As a shareholder lawsuit contended, they gobbled up the most valuable and prof-itable assets, and they saved golden parachutes for themselves to escape if the company crashed. This might sound complicated, but it is a move that would make Gordon Gecko from the movie ‘‘Wall Street’’ proud. Just replace Bluestar Airlines with Sears, and fiction becomes reality. In the world of both men, greed is good. But this isn’t a movie. It is the real world with real-life consequences for 200,000 people who work at Sears. Strip-ping Sears of $12 billion worth of its most valuable assets contributed to the devaluation of the company, which fur-ther jeopardized the pensions of more than 200,000 Americans. According to the most recent filing, this pension fund is now underfunded by an alarm-ing $2 billion after they stripped $12 billion of its most valuable assets. These retirees, who rely on pensions to live, who worked hard all of their lives and played by the rules, have already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.031 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1117 February 13, 2017 
had their benefits cut by Mr. Mnuchin and the Sears finance board. In fact, the pension situation has become so dire that the government, through the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or the PBGC, felt compelled to step in to protect the pension benefits for these 200 people. As if his past mismanagement of pen-sions isn’t bad enough, as Treasury Secretary, Mr. Mnuchin would oversee the decision whether to bail out the pension. Mr. Mnuchin would have to decide whether to protect his personal hedge fund investments in Sears, which he refuses to divest, or to protect the Federal Government and those 200,000 retirees. To be fair, when I asked Mr. Mnuchin about his inherent conflict of interest during his confirmation hearing, he pledged to recuse himself from any de-cision by the PBGC regarding Sears. But we have heard that song before. Mr. Mnuchin can’t avoid a conflict of interest by recusing himself any more than President Trump can avoid a con-flict by supposedly letting his children run his businesses. The only true fire-wall against a potential conflict of in-terest is through a full divestiture, which Mr. Mnuchin refuses to do. As a private citizen and executive at Sears, Mr. Mnuchin showed a total disregard for the earned pension benefits of hun-dreds of thousands of hard-working Americans. I have no reason to think he will have a change of heart as Treas-ury Secretary. Not only does Mr. Mnuchin want to let banks write their own rules and let executives profit when they cut pen-sions, but he also wants to cut taxes on the rich so he and his friends can keep more of their ill-gotten gains. After helping raise millions of dollars from Wall Street and big corporations for President Trump’s campaign, they are now expecting a big return on their in-vestment—and, boy, do they win big league under the Mnuchin-Trump tax plan. This ill-conceived proposal would give large corporations, which are al-ready earning record profits, an addi-tional $2.5 trillion. That is $2.5 trillion taken away from transportation, from schools, from the middle class, and given directly to multinational cor-porations. It would eliminate the es-tate tax and gift taxes, giving a nearly $200 billion windfall to the wealthiest 5,000 family dynasties in the country— $200 billion to the wealthiest 5,000 fam-ily dynasties in the country—and 99.99 percent of all Americans will not see a penny from this giveaway. But we know who would benefit: Mr. Mnuchin and President Trump. It doesn’t stop there. On top of all of this, the Mnuchin-Trump proposal would also give the top one-tenth of 1 percent—the wealthiest of the wealthy, the corporate CEOs and hedge fund managers who make around $4 million per year or more—$1 million back each and every year. This group of elite earners already take home a whopping 184 times the average pay and has the same combined net worth as nearly 90 percent of all American workers. These 160,000 of the richest families in the country have as much wealth as 144 million families in America. I have nothing against wealthy peo-ple. I have nothing against millionaires and billionaires. Many worked hard for their money, and they played by the rules. I applaud their success. But I don’t think the wealthy, who are doing just fine right now, need an extra mil-lion dollars or more than the middle class. I don’t think we should be bor-rowing trillions more from China just to give the top one-tenth of 1 percent another million dollars. This is fun-damentally backward. They say we can’t afford to invest in infrastructure, we can’t afford to help our graduates with mounting college debt, we can’t afford to give a whole host of resources to things we think are critical to compel our Nation to be the continuing global economic leader, but we can afford to give $1 million away to all the millionaires and bil-lionaires in the country. This warped order of priorities is a perfect meta-phor for Mr. Mnuchin’s school of eco-nomics: Give the rich more and more because they know best. Unfortunately, this theory of trickle- down economics hasn’t worked in the past and will not work now. The Amer-ican people are sick and tired of get-ting fleeced. They are tired of working hard every day and playing by the rules only to fall further behind. They are tired of losing in a rigged system. But a Treasury Department led by Mr. Mnuchin will only deliver more of the same: more tax breaks for the wealthiest in the country, more bor-rowing from China, more income in-equality. These are not the principles Americans want or need. In conclusion, you can tell a lot about a person based on how they han-dle a crisis. When Wall Street crashed and the country plunged into recession, where was Mr. Mnuchin? Was he warn-ing regulators that they were asleep at the wheel and hard-working Americans were being exploited? Was he working to reform the broken system? No. He was looking for stores to raid with one goal in mind: profits. Some would like to either ignore or whitewash this past, but if we don’t learn from history, we are doomed to repeat it. The American people cannot afford a repeat of that past. We cannot afford a return to the Wild West of Wall Street—when the middle class was held hostage to the earnings reports of the biggest banks, when the cure for income inequality was simply more tax cuts for the wealthy. We need a Treasury Secretary who will stand up to Wall Street, not take orders from them. We need a Treasury Secretary who understands that the strength of our country has come and will always come from the middle class, not from the CEOs and the hedge funds. Unfortunately, Mnuchin is not that person. I urge may colleagues to oppose his nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Nevada. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I rise today, along with many of my colleagues, to speak out against the White House nominating Steven Mnuchin to be the next Secretary of the U.S. Treasury. President Trump has nominated the former CEO of OneWest Bank—who before that for 17 years was a Goldman Sachs executive— to run the Federal agency tasked with crafting and implementing U.S. eco-nomic policy. So much for draining the swamp. I want to start, however, by sharing the story of a good friend, Lola Orvik, whom I met when I was attorney gen-eral of Nevada. In 2013, Lola’s mortgage on her town-house in Henderson was underwater. Like thousands of other Nevadans, she needed to refinance, but five different loan modification applications had all been rejected by her bank. Lola was desperate for a solution and on the verge of losing her home. She received a telephone call offering help that was too good to be true, and it was. After calling my office, she thankfully dis-covered that it was a scam. I am so glad she called my office. Our staff re-ferred her to a new program we had created, the Home Again Homeowner Relief Program. It is a one-stop shop to help struggling homeowners. It helped Lola finally get a loan modification, reduce her principal by $37,000, slash her interest rate from 5.7 percent to 2 percent, and keep the house she had lived in for nearly 20 years. The Home Again Program helped thousands of Nevada homeowners un-derstand all the State and Federal housing resources available to them. It has helped folks like Lola restructure their loans to ensure more affordable monthly payments. That simple hot-line number has gone a long way. Because we were there to help her, Lola got her life back. However, not ev-eryone was as fortunate as Lola. In fact, some families are still trying to overcome the continuing destructive impact of the foreclosure crisis in Ne-vada and across this country. In the depths of the great recession, Lola’s predicament was not unique. Ne-vada was ground zero for the housing crisis. Property values plummeted. ‘‘For sale’’ signs lined the streets. Foreclosure notices hung on doors throughout the State. Thousands of families lived in constant fear of losing their homes. In 2008, Nevada had the highest fore-closure rate in the Nation, with more than 77,000 homes getting a notice at the door saying they were at risk for eviction. We led the Nation in the terms of foreclosure rate for 62 straight months during the recession. Things got so bad that by 2010, nearly 70 percent of Nevada homeowners were underwater on their homes, meaning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.033 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1118 February 13, 2017 
that they owed more on their mort-gages than the current value of their property. As Nevada’s attorney general, I fought the big banks, Wall Street insti-tutions, and default servicing compa-nies to secure more than $1.9 billion to help hard-working families get back on their feet. That money helped to fund the Home Again Program. More than just getting that money back, this was about changing the con-duct and predatory practices of the big banks when working with homeowners. For instance, we made dual tracking an illegal practice so that banks could no longer foreclosure on a home while simultaneously considering their re-quest for a loan modification and then charging them fees every step of the way. We demanded that a homeowner have a single point of contact within the financial institution so the home-owner would no longer get shuffled around from person to person and told to resubmit their loan modification ap-plication over and over again. We de-manded that the banks demonstrate that they had personal knowledge of the foreclosure documents they filed to prevent robo-signing and unlawful fore-closures of a home. Unfortunately, not every bank was willing to do everything possible to help the millions of Nevadans and Americans who were suffering. Mr. Mnuchin’s OneWest Bank—formally known as IndyMac—was one such bank. Instead of trying to help home-owners, OneWest enforced predatory and unforgiving practices that only served to line the pockets of Mr. Mnuchin and his co-owners. Steven Mnuchin purchased IndyMac from the Federal Government after it collapsed and took control of the thou-sands of mortgages the bank managed. Mnuchin rebranded the bank as OneWest and went to work using ques-tionable foreclosure practices, like dual tracking, so he could make more money. That is not right. Instead of working to help these homeowners stay in their homes, OneWest Bank, under Mnuchin’s lead-ership, became a foreclosure machine. The bank had one of the highest denial rates for applications to the Home Af-fordable Modification Program. A judge in Wisconsin cited OneWest’s ‘‘harsh, repugnant, shocking, and re-pulsive’’ practices when deciding a suit against them. Recent documents show that the company used robo-signing to deny modification claims, proving that it did not fairly consider loan modifica-tion applications for tens of thousands of homeowners. When confronted with these facts at his Senate confirmation hearing, Mr. Mnuchin lied. He denied that OneWest used robo-signing, offered empty ex-cuses, and shifted blame for his com-pany’s heinous practices. And during his confirmation hearing, Mr. Mnuchin repeatedly refused to say how many homes OneWest foreclosed on in Ne-vada. However, according to new data, dur-ing the foreclosure crisis and its imme-diate aftermath, OneWest made $3 bil-lion in profit while evicting 3,654 Ne-vada families from their homes. This includes 181 foreclosures on seniors who had taken out reverse mortgages. When he eventually left the bank, Mr. Mnuchin received a $10.9 million pay-out. This is on top of the annual com-pensation of $4.5 million he has re-ceived since 2015, when OneWest was bought by other investors. Let me re-peat that. Some 3,654 Nevada families lost their homes because Mr. Mnuchin’s OneWest put profits over people. That is a snapshot and a sta-tistic which does not do justice to how much pain that caused for those fami-lies. I want to spend some time on these accusations of robo-signing, both be-cause Mr. Mnuchin clearly lied and also because this was an issue I took on when I was attorney general during and after the crash. First, let’s be clear what this is. Robo-signing is a procedure used by mortgage companies to sign fore-closure documents without reviewing them. This is a reckless practice used by banks to cut corners and forge docu-ments, to rush things along, and it caused thousands of families to be wrongfully evicted from their homes. Like OneWest, the banks were in-volved in a massive robo-signing scheme in my home State of Nevada, and I went after them aggressively as the State’s attorney general. Nevada led the Nation in foreclosures every month for more than 4 years. Mr. Mnuchin’s company did not care that middle-class families were losing their homes during the crisis. In fact, during his confirmation hearing before the Senate, he admitted: 
I never wanted to be in the mortgage serv-icing business. I didn’t want to be in the re-verse mortgage business, I wanted to build a regional bank. 
In other words, Mr. Mnuchin had to convince his investors that they would make money—a point that Mr. Mnuchin admitted at the hearing, say-ing: ‘‘Yes, my investors made a lot of money on OneWest.’’ Not only did his investors make a lot of money, Mr. Mnuchin did so as well. Since leaving the bank, he has pock-eted nearly $20 million. Mr. Mnuchin was making millions, while thousands of Nevadans were losing their homes and their dignity, Nevadans like Heather McCreary of Sparks, who came to Capitol Hill last month to share her heart-wrenching story of how she ap-plied to OneWest for a loan modifica-tion in 2010 after she and her husband lost their jobs as a result of the finan-cial crisis. Despite three applications and following all instructions, the bank kept Heather’s family dangling and then suddenly foreclosed on their home. I want to read some of Heather’s testimony. It is moving and heart-breaking and deserves to be heard by every Member of this body. Here is what she told us at the hear-ing: In 2008, when the economy started to get worse, I was laid off. The following year, in 2009, my husband Jack was laid off too. Though Jack was able to find another job pretty fast, he had to take a big pay cut— from about $25 an hour to $8.50 an hour. Be-tween the cut in Jack’s pay and the loss in income I experienced when going on unem-ployment insurance benefits after I got laid off, we were pinched and we were drowning financially. However, we were determined to keep our dream home, so Jack and I were tenacious about doing whatever we could to get help. We sought help from the Hope Now Alliance, which is an alliance of HUD-approved coun-selors who provide free foreclosure help, and from the Washoe County Senior Law Project. We worked side-by-side with both organiza-tions to do everything required of us by our mortgage servicer IndyMac, which later be-came OneWest. When we first asked for help, OneWest gave us a short forbearance and al-lowed us to make a smaller payment for sev-eral months with the goal of a reduction in our monthly mortgage payments through the Home Affordable Modification Program (or HAMP). By applying for the HAMP program, we thought we were back on the road to keeping our home. We complied 100 percent with OneWest requirements for HAMP—we were incredibly nervous about being able to keep our house, so we were extremely careful to make sure we did everything we could to keep the process going forward. Our applica-tion for HAMP was processed and we were approved for our modification. I sent in the signed paperwork and the first payment under the modified payment amount along with it. But then the process started to fall apart. After a whole 30 days, OneWest returned our personal check and told us that only cer-tified checks would be accepted, so they were now voiding the modification offer. We had followed the instructions to the letter on OneWest paperwork, crossing our ‘‘T’’s and dotting our ‘‘I’’s. But in the end, this didn’t matter—and OneWest’s rejection of our HAMP application put us on the road to fore-closure. We applied two more times for loan modi-fications over the next six months because we were given assurances by people at OneWest that they would approve our appli-cation. We again complied with every re-quest OneWest made of us, taking care to send in extra documents whenever OneWest requested them. But as far as I can tell, OneWest never at-tempted to process the loan modification. The foreclosure went through and we lost our home on September 10, 2010. The fore-closure left us without a home; and finding a new rental was extremely difficult because of our credit. Juggling the demands of rais-ing our twins was so hard—the foreclosure even meant that our kids had to miss school. Eventually we did find a new place, but we had to pay an outrageous rent, even though it was not a good home for us at all. It’s hard to explain the shame, embarrass-ment, and grief that Jack and I felt. I’ve cried a river of tears over this. I really didn’t think we were asking too much: We wanted to hang on to our home for the sake of our kids, and we did everything we could to stay in our home. And while I will probably never know exactly what OneWest did, the out-come of my story proves that Steve Mnuchin’s company had no interest in help-ing us. They wanted to foreclose because they were focused on their profits. 
Heather’s story is just one of thou-sands that highlight just how wrong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.034 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1119 February 13, 2017 
Mr. Mnuchin is to be our next Sec-retary of the U.S. Treasury. The Treas-ury Department has the vital mission of promoting the conditions that en-able economic growth, stability, job opportunities, and the ability to buy a car or own a home. Their actions di-rectly affect the lives of every Amer-ican. Our next Treasury Secretary should have a proven record of fighting to ex-pand economic opportunities for every-one. That is what Americans deserve. Yet, from where I stand, Mr. Mnuchin falls far short of that test. President Trump’s choice of Mr. Mnuchin to lead the U.S. Treasury is a slap in the face for Nevada families like Heather’s. Her story makes it crystal clear: This is not someone who will be looking out for working people when he implements our Nation’s eco-nomic policy. In many ways, President Trump’s un-fortunate choice of someone like Mr. Mnuchin should not surprise us be-cause in 2006 the President said he ‘‘sort of hoped’’ the real estate market would tank, and in 2007 he said he was ‘‘excited’’ for the housing market crash. The motive was the same: prof-its. We cannot afford to return to the misguided policies that brought us to the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Families cannot af-ford to lose their homes again. But that is exactly what we can expect if Stephen Mnuchin is confirmed as President Trump’s Treasury Secretary. When I ran for the Senate, I promised Nevadans that I would fight for them, that I would stand up for them and be their voice here in Washington. Today, I am that voice, and that is why I rise with my colleagues in opposition to the ‘‘Foreclosure King,’’ Mr. Mnuchin. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to join a chorus of my colleagues in speaking out against the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to serve as Sec-retary of the Department of the Treas-ury. What I believe is, if you look at Mr. Mnuchin’s record, he has spent a lot of time benefiting from—in fact, even ex-ploiting—families who are struggling homeowners in my State. I would like to read into the R
ECORD  a report by NPR from November of last year which makes his pattern stun-ningly clear. 
During the depths of the financial crisis, Mnuchin was looking to make profits from the ruins of the housing bust. In 2009, he put together a group of billionaire investors and bought a failed California-based bank called IndyMac. It had been taken over by the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation after its sketchy mortgage loans went seriously bad. Mnuchin and his partners bought IndyMac on the condition that the FDIC agree to pay future losses above a certain threshold. They renamed the bank OneWest Bank, and after running it for 6 years, they sold it last year for a profit, estimated at close to $1.5 billion. Kevin Stein of the California Reinvest-ment Coalition, a housing advocacy group, says that profit was made on the backs of suffering Californian homeowners. This is not in the text here, but homeowners who were suffering from a massive mortgage collapse that was created in many ways or stimulated by the greed and avarice of bad actors. I witnessed this myself in Newark, NJ, watching people feed upon a subprime mortgage environment where they were pushing bad loans on unsuspecting borrowers. Back to the text: 
In essence what they did is they bought a foreclosure machine. According to the coalition, OneWest fore-closed on more than 36,000 homeowners under Mnuchin. During that time, the FDIC made payments to OneWest totaling more than $1 billion. Those payments went to the billionaire investors of OneWest Bank, says Stein, to cover the cost of foreclosing on working-class everyday American folks, many of whom lived in California. 
So this was what we saw at the height of the financial crisis. Mr. Mnuchin, already very wealthy, al-ready very successful, did not see Americans struggling, did not join ef-forts to try to empower, support, or deal with this crisis. What he saw was an opportunity to take over a financial institution and continue, if not accel-erate, the foreclosures that were going on. It has become painfully clear that in what Mr. Mnuchin oversaw in the oper-ations of this bank that, as its business model, he set out to explicitly mislead and manipulate homeowners into fore-closure. This one article that I read has been repeated by organizations and by news outlets all over the spectrum, talking about how Mr. Mnuchin, in this envi-ronment, worked very hard to accel-erate foreclosures and take advantage of this and make a profit. From elderly widows, the stories continue, to fami-lies, to small business owners, to Ac-tive-Duty servicemembers, there were many, many victims of Mr. Mnuchin’s bank’s predatory tactics, taking advan-tage of folks in a crisis, as opposed to trying to figure out a way to support folks through it. I would like to read one more from the Minneapolis StarTribune, an arti-cle that documented one instance of the disturbingly prevalent practices of Mr. Mnuchin’s company. The headline reads: ‘‘Negotiating on foreclosure, then locked out in a bliz-zard.’’ 
A Minneapolis woman who was negotiating with a lender to find a way to stay in her foreclosed house— 
Stepping back from the text, this is someone who is working hard to do the right thing in negotiations. Back to the text: They arrived home from work during Tues-day night’s blizzard to find that the locks had been changed. After spending the night at her mother’s, Leslie Parks went Wednes-day to Hennepin County Housing Court, where a referee ordered that she be allowed back into her mother’s former duplex at 3749 Park Avenue while negotiations continued. Locksmiths on Wednesday reconfigured the locks that had been changed Tuesday by a contractor for OneWest Bank. 
These are the kind of tactics that were being used, the kind of hardball tactics that were being used by Mr. Mnuchin’s company that really under-mined a lot of hard-working Americans from a variety of backgrounds in many, many different States. His record is clear. Mr. Mnuchin not only advocated in support of this com-pany and its tactics, but even now he talks about trying to roll back the kind of protections that have been put in place to try to protect average Americans. Many of them are in the Dodd-Frank legislation that helped to protect against the creation of an envi-ronment in which such predatory prac-tices can take place. This position that Mr. Mnuchin has been nominated for, which is the Sec-retary of Treasury, has a critical role within our economy. But one of those roles has to be the idea that average Americans will be protected from the kind of financial victimization that was going on during the recession—ac-tually, which lead into the recession. We see that we can prevent Wall Street from burdening Main Street with the costs while they reap the re-wards. This is the broken system that we saw in the past that needs fixing and needs healing. We don’t need one of the architects of the system that caused so much pain to be in one of the most important positions in our land. The head of this vital agency must be someone who understands their respon-sibility to look out for the struggling American trying to make it by playing by the rules and someone who is quali-fied and willing to direct the Depart-ment to fiercely protect the economic security of our Nation, the economic well-being of the American people, and the integrity of our financial system. I don’t believe Mr. Mnuchin is that person. He has made it clear in his dec-ades-long career that he is willing for a profit to work hard to exploit hard- working families and shortchange homeowners for that personal gain. This is unacceptable. Mr. Mnuchin has built a career and has reaped literally millions of dollars of success by push-ing people, by exploiting people, and by hurting people. The American people cannot afford to suffer through another financial cri-sis. We can’t afford to have a master Wall Street manipulator put in the po-sition that we should be relying on to protect us from that kind of financial manipulation. This is a difficult economy where people in our country are still strug-gling under challenging financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.036 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1120 February 13, 2017 
times. I believe that we can make a na-tion where people can do good and do well at the same time, where we should not elevate or celebrate people who really fed off of the misery and the challenges of others, but, instead, that we can have a nation where we put peo-ple, regardless of their political back-ground, in positions like the Depart-ment of Treasury to celebrate the best of who we are, the best of our values— people who are public servants, people who have shown a commitment to not only serve but even sacrifice for one another. What we saw amidst this crisis— amidst a crisis that, in many ways, was aggravated and caused by greed and avarice in the mortgage industry and the banking industry, among rating agencies—was that many people showed who they were in a time of American struggle and American cri-sis. We saw with clarity where people’s priorities were. Was it exploiting peo-ple? Was it manipulating systems for their own avarice and their own ben-efit, or was it for being there for our country, trying to make thing things better, trying to give people bridges that could carry them from financial struggle and strain to stability, or peo-ple that were trying to crumble those bridges and have people free fall in fi-nancial distress. This is, unfortunately, what we see here today. We have President Trump trying to elevate someone who has not shown a record of someone who wanted to help but instead has shown a record of someone who wants to hurt. That to me is unacceptable, especially at this time where so many American families are still struggling to get back on their feet to find financial security and find the pathway to their American dream. It is for this reason and more that I cannot support this nomination. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, there are communities across this country that are still waiting for the recovery from the great recession to show up. In many of those towns and cities, the storefronts are boarded up, the fac-tories are shuttered, and, in what could be the most lasting scar of the crisis, homes—many homes—have been fore-closed. A lot of people in those commu-nities cast their votes in November based on a Trump message that real change was coming. Heads are going to be spinning to-night with the news from the Senate. In just a few minutes, this body will vote to confirm as Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, known by many as the ‘‘foreclosure king.’’ That is whom the President chose as his Treasury Secretary. Mr. Mnuchin turned the bank he bought into a cash cow, and they set a land speed record for fore-closures. I have supported nominees for this position from both parties. I voted for Paul O’Neill. I voted for John Snow, and Hank Paulson, who served under President George W. Bush. I don’t ex-pect to see eye to eye on each issue with every Treasury Secretary. I do ex-pect to have confidence that the Treas-ury Secretary is going to work on be-half of all Americans—all Americans— and not just the well healed, not just the fortunate, not just the powerful. After considering Mr. Mnuchin’s qualifications and background, I just don’t believe he would be that kind of Treasury Secretary. In Mr. Mnuchin’s response to questions from members of the Finance Committee, he denied that his bank, OneWest, engaged in a prac-tice known as robo-signing. The public record says that is just dead wrong. In fact, a OneWest vice president who worked under Mr. Mnuchin, Erica Johnson-Seck, admitted under oath that she ran an office that churned out roughly 6,000 sets of foreclosure docu-ments a week. She said she personally signed more than 750 disclosure documents a week without even reading them, and there was no notary present during the proc-ess. That is a violation of the law. When asked how much time she spent executing each foreclosure document, Ms. Johnson-Seck replied: 
I changed my signature considerably. It’s just an E now. So not more than 30 seconds. 
Now, on the eve of the Finance Com-mittee mark-up for Mr. Mnuchin, the Columbus Dispatch in Ohio reported documented examples of robo-signing in Ohio. Now, on the eve of Mr. Mnuchin’s confirmation vote in the Senate, another such story has broken. This time it is in the State of Wash-ington, more evidence of robo-signing that directly contradicts what Mr. Mnuchin told the Finance Committee and the public. Mr. Mnuchin also withheld fore-closure data requested by two Demo-cratic members of the Finance Com-mittee, Senators B
ROWN and C ASEY . He did, apparently, give similar informa-tion to Senator H
ELLER , one of the committee’s Republican members. That is on top of $100 million worth of property and more than a dozen posi-tions with various business entities missing from his disclosures to the Fi-nance Committee. My own view is, if not for the com-mittee’s minority investigations team, I don’t believe any of that information, none of it—$100 million, the other dis-closures—would have ever come to light. I am going to turn from missing dis-closures and misleading testimony to a broken promise. The day after news of Mr. Mnuchin’s nomination was leaked, he appeared on television and, in ef-fect, debuted a new tax policy. I have come to call it the Mnuchin rule, and I will quote Mr. Mnuchin directly with respect to what he said. Mr. Mnuchin said: ‘‘Any reductions we have in upper income taxes would be offset by less deductions, so there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ I will repeat the last part of the Mnuchin rule: ‘‘no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ When I first called this the Mnuchin rule during the Finance Committee’s hearing on his nomination, Mr. Mnuchin said he took it as a great compliment, comparing it to the Volcker rule and the Buffett rule. Well, you would think a fellow who proudly embraced having a rule named after himself would actually stick to it. The Mnuchin rule didn’t last for very long before it was abandoned. The very first act of the 115th Congress in a uni-fied Republican government, repealing the Affordable Care Act, would shatter the Mnuchin rule. Then it is set to take another hit later this year. That is with the majority working on plans to fast-track a second, even bigger tax break for those who are the most fortu-nate. The Trump plan, in fact, would hit millions of middle-income families with tax increases by wiping out key personal exemptions and eliminating head of household filing status. So I want to be really clear what this means to people in Oklahoma and Or-egon and all across the country, work-ing families: Working families would get hurt by the Trump plan. They would lose key personal exemptions. They would eliminate the head of household filing status while those who were more fortunate would be in a posi-tion to get tax breaks, additional tax breaks beyond what they already have in the Tax Code. The fact is, the Tax Code today is a tale of two systems. For the firefighter in Coos Bay, OR, or the retail worker in Roseburg, your taxes come straight out of each and every paycheck. That is the way it works in Oklahoma, the way it works all across the country. The Tax Code for working people is compulsory. Once or twice a month, your taxes come directly out of your paycheck—no special dodges, no spe-cial loopholes. Nobody is able to hide their pay in a Cayman Islands account if they are a firefighter or a retail worker. But there is a very different Tax Code in America for the well-connected and the powerful. They have a whole array of lawyers and accountants who specialize in helping them shrink their tax bills. And with the right advice, the fact is, those people can, to a great extent, decide what they are going to pay, when they are going to pay it, and sometimes be in a position to not pay much, if anything at all. The fact is, the tax system today punishes working Americans because it treats them very differently than it treats the most fortunate. And the ad-ministration and the majority in Con-gress don’t seem to be doing much in terms of fixing this disparity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.037 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1121 February 13, 2017 
The Mnuchin rule just hasn’t held up. It is beyond being on the ropes. It is not going anywhere at all. In fact, the early proposals only make this extraor-dinary unfairness, the unfairness at the heart of America’s Tax Code, even worse. So what we have is another Trump nominee who, in my view, doesn’t meet the test of standing up for working families in those communities all across the country who are waiting for economic recovery to show up in their neighborhood. They are the ones who have seen the factory close and seen the foreclosures and seen their neigh-bors laid off. And they would like to see people in these positions advocate for them, advocate for them because they need somebody who is going to stand up for them, and they were told in the campaign that is what they were going to get. The fact is, Mr. Mnuchin is yet an-other Trump nominee who, instead of standing up for those working families, has a different set of priorities and, in addition to that, has the ethics alarm bells sounding. He appears to be withholding infor-mation requested by Members of this body. My view is, he misled the Fi-nance Committee and the public about his bank’s foreclosure tactics. The Mnuchin rule—the first promise he made, the very first promise he made on policy, which he was proud to have described as a rule named after him, al-ready has been broken. So I am not going to be supporting Mr. Mnuchin to lead the Treasury De-partment. I urge my colleagues as well to reject this appointment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Mnuchin nomi-nation? Mr. HATCH. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 53, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 63 Ex.] YEAS—53 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to reconsider the vote on the nomination, and I move to table the motion to reconsider. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The question is on agreeing to the motion to table. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 10 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I want to make a statement that has not been heard much around these Halls or these Chambers in a couple of years. But on February 7—this month—the Veterans’ Affairs Committee reported by a vote of 17 to 0 the name of David Shulkin to be the next Secretary of Veterans’ Ad-ministration. That is a unanimous vote. Nine Republicans and eight Democrats—everybody voted for this man to be Secretary of the VA. I am going to ask each Member in the Chamber today: Let’s do it as an entire body and find one person, one thing we agree upon. They are not Republican veterans or Democrat veterans; they are American veterans who went to the battlefield and fought for us. It is time we fought for them. Dr. Shulkin is the right man at the right time for the Veterans’ Adminis-tration. On March 15, 2015, we hired him to come in and take over and be Under Secretary of Veterans Health. The President looked around to find the best man to run the VA and found him in David Shulkin. David Shulkin is committed to the following: fixing the problems at the Veterans’ Administration, making sure the Choice Program works, making sure every veteran gets the care they deserve, the care we all want them to get, and seeing to it they get it from us. I am going to ask each Member to cast their vote today for David Shulkin but also cast their vote for our vet-erans. This is a time for us to send a message to them: We don’t want to pri-vatize the VA. We don’t want to reor-ganize the VA. We want to make the VA work, to give our veterans access to every bit of care they can possibly get, and follow in the line of the great leaders who have been in the Veterans’ Administration before. I am very pleased to serve with JON T
ESTER of Montana as my ranking member. We have worked together as a team—Democrats and Republicans—to make this happen. I yield the remainder of my time to J
ONTESTER of Montana on the nomina-tion of David Shulkin to be Secretary of the VA. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise, as did the Senator from Georgia, in sup-port of the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be Secretary of the VA. First, I wish to take this opportunity to thank Senator I
SAKSON for his lead-ership of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee and throughout this confirma-tion process—and throughout the many processes—as chair of the committee. Look, I think it is critically impor-tant that we have a Secretary of the VA to serve our veterans. I think Dr. Shulkin is the perfect person for that position. The solutions to the VA’s problems should be based on common sense rather than partisanship or an extreme agenda. I think Dr. Shulkin recognizes that. He is committed to our Nation’s veterans above all. Through the conversations I have had with him over the last year and a half, I think he understands the challenges ahead of us in the VA. The Choice Program, for example, which has been a wreck by anybody’s standards, is looming with dramatic funding shortfalls and is a program we need to work on here in Congress—and we will on the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee—to fix, and I think Dr. Shulkin is on top of it. I have many letters from veterans across Montana about how the Choice Program has not worked. It is not that it isn’t a good idea. When we passed it, we all agreed that it was a good idea. But it needs to be changed to fix the needs of our veterans and make it more workable. One other thing is a big problem, and that is the workforce problem we have within the VA. The hiring freeze has made this problem even worse. We all talk about the backlog, and the back-log is real. But we need to make sure the VA has the people they need to serve the veterans in this country, whether reducing that backlog or whether it is making sure they get the care they need. Finally, and Johnny talked about this: privatization. He has reassured me he will oppose efforts to privatize the VA. Typically, this isn’t a problem, but the administration has talked about it extensively. I think it would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.038 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1122 February 13, 2017 
be a path that is reckless for our vet-erans, and I think the veterans service organizations would tell us that. Again, I express my support for the nomination of Dr. Shulkin to be VA Secretary. I believe he will stand up for our veterans. I believe he will put them above politics. Moving forward, I look forward to working with him and other Members in this body to make sure we serve our veterans the best we possibly can. Our veterans deserve no less. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as the Senate has spent the last few weeks considering controversial nominee after controversial nominee, it is a re-freshing break to consider Dr. David Shulkin to lead the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Dr. Shulkin is a man de-fined by his professionalism, com-petence, and dedication to the mission of the agency he is tapped to lead. The son of an Army psychologist and an experienced hospital system admin-istrator, Dr. Shulkin was selected by President Obama to restore trust and confidence at the Veterans Health Ad-ministration after years of struggles punctuated by the horrible scandal of wait times in Phoenix. Under his lead-ership, the VA has made great progress. Amid a sea of questionable Cabinet nominations, Dr. Shulkin is one about which I have no question. Of course, Dr. Shulkin will face im-mense challenges. The VA needs sig-nificant overhaul, not just in its prac-tices and policies, but in its facilities and technology. In eliminating the backlog for access to health care and in the midst of tackling the backlog in claims, facilities have been short- changed with respect to needed im-provements and upgrades, while experi-encing increased usage. New tech-nologies provide new opportunities for providing care, but they also require new investments. Areas that are finally receiving the attention required include mental health, posttraumatic stress, and other lingering invisible wounds of war. It has been one of my priorities to ensure that the best science and practices with respect to mental health and posttraumatic stress can be spread to the communities where veterans live and work, like the rural communities of Vermont. Only then will we see progress in improving the lives of vet-erans in those areas. Dr. Shulkin must also rebuild the confidence of a VA workforce that has been unfairly targeted and vilified by some for the actions of a few. The Fed-eral employees who work at the VA are among the most dedicated anywhere. Their devotion to improving care for veterans is inspiring, but their jobs have been made more difficult by both the disappointing actions of some indi-viduals and the frustrating policies and organizational structures that some-times get in the way of them serving veterans. I believe that Dr. Shulkin is up to this challenge. It is evident from his testimony before the Veterans Affairs Committee and through his public statements that he believes in the VA and in the importance of its mission. It is evident that he understands the value of looking to the community for health care answers when that makes sense and that he also understands that the Nation should never ignore its sol-emn responsibility to care for veterans through all possible avenues. I am also reassured by his pledge not to dis-mantle the VA or turn its delivery of care into a voucher system. It is evi-dent that he intends to speak his mind about what makes the most sense for leading a missive health care system focused on providing quality care to each individual veteran. I will support Dr. Shulkin’s nomina-tion, and I look forward to working with him. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am proud to support Dr. David Shulkin’s nomination for Secretary of Veterans Affairs. The Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, faces massive challenges in delivering care to our veterans, but I believe that Dr. Shulkin is well equipped for the task at hand. Dr. Shulkin has committed to fully implementing the Veterans Choice Program as Secretary and will work to expand this program to provide a net-work that meets the needs of veterans, their families, and providers in the community—every veteran deserves access to care, whether that be at the VA or in the community. Through the Veterans Choice Pro-gram, we have seen more than 7 mil-lion appointments made for veterans in their communities, a network ex-panded by 350,000 providers and over 1.5 million veterans that have benefitted from using the Choice Card. I will seek to build and expand upon this progress and look to Dr. Shulkin’s support for legislation that would bring care in the community under an integrated and coordinated system that utilizes a Vet-erans Choice Card. This will ensure ac-cess to timely, flexible, and quality care that our veterans have earned and deserve. I believe that Dr. Shulkin is the per-son that can repair the culture of the VA to focus on the veteran and restore honesty and accountability to the De-partment. I thank him for accepting this challenge to serve our Nation and look forward to working with him in the days ahead. Thank you. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I support the nomination of David Shulkin to be Secretary of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. President Obama nominated Dr. Shulkin, a medical doctor, to be Under Secretary for Health for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and Chief Ex-ecutive of the Veterans Health Admin-istration. The Senate confirmed Dr. Shulkin in June 2015 by a voice vote. Since then, he has led the VA’s health care system, with more than 1,700 care sites and 9 million veterans using the system each year. Before joining the VA, Dr. Shulkin served as president and CEO of Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City and president at Morristown Medical Center, Goryeb Children’s Hospital, and Atlantic Rehabilitation Institute, and the Atlantic Health System Ac-countable Care Organization. Dr. Shulkin also previously served as the chief medical officer of the University of Pennsylvania Health System, the Hospital of the University of Pennsyl-vania, Temple University Hospital, and the Medical College of Pennsylvania Hospital. He had been chairman of medicine and vice dean at Drexel Uni-versity School of Medicine. And Dr. Shulkin founded and was the chairman and CEO of DoctorQuality, a consumer- oriented source of information for quality and safety in health care. Veterans groups are cautiously opti-mistic that Dr. Shulkin will continue to improve the timeliness and quality of medical care our veterans receive. They are also hopeful that he will begin much-needed reforms in the ad-ministration of veterans’ benefits, in-cluding the reform of the appellate re-view process. The Department of Veterans Affairs provides important services, care, and peace of mind for our Nation’s 21 mil-lion veterans. The VA has more to do to make sure that the care that it pro-vides is worthy of those who served our Nation. I believe that Dr. Shulkin’s ex-perience and training has prepared him well to continue that effort, and I sup-port his nomination. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has been yielded back. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Montana and urge every Member of the Senate—Repub-lican, Independent, Democrat—to cast their vote for our veterans, cast their vote for our country, and cast their vote for David Shulkin to be the new Secretary of the Veterans’ Administra-tion. I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Shulkin nomi-nation? Mr. BARRASSO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 100, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 64 Ex.] YEAS—100 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.043 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1123 February 13, 2017 
Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 16, M
ICKMULVANEY to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of M
ICKMULVANEY , of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Tim Scott, Johnny Isakson, James M. Inhofe, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Michael B. Enzi, Lindsey Graham, David Perdue, Orrin G. Hatch, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, James Lankford, John Hoeven, Chuck Grass-ley. f LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 15, Scott Pruitt to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Tim Scott, Johnny Isakson, Lindsey Graham, James M. Inhofe, David Perdue, Shelley Moore Capito, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, James Lankford, John Hoeven, John Thune, Deb Fischer. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 3, Wilbur Ross to be Secretary of Com-merce. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Flor-ida, to be Secretary of Commerce. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Wilbur L. Ross, of Florida, to be Secretary of Commerce. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Deb Fischer, John Thune, Johnny Isakson, Tom Cotton, Marco Rubio, Dan Sul-livan, Mike Rounds, James M. Inhofe, Tim Scott, Lindsey Graham, Jerry Moran, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, John Kennedy, Patrick J. Toomey. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 8, R
YANZINKE to be Secretary of the Inte-rior. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of R
YAN ZINKE, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Sec-retary of the Interior. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman, Orrin G. Hatch, Roy Blunt, Steve Daines, Tim Scott, Chuck Grass-ley, John Hoeven, Michael B. Enzi, John Barrasso, John Thune, Mike Rounds, Mike Crapo, James M. Inhofe, Joni Ernst, John Cornyn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.015 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1124 February 13, 2017 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 5, Ben Carson to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., of Flor-ida, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Jeff Flake, Steve Daines, James Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, Dan Sullivan, Thom Tillis, Rob Portman, John Thune, John Hoeven, Deb Fischer, James M. Inhofe, Tim Scott, Lindsey Graham, Jerry Moran, Pat Roberts. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 9, James Richard Perry to be Secretary of Energy. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of James Richard Perry, of Texas, to be Secretary of Energy. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of James Richard Perry, of Texas, to be Secretary of Energy. John Boozman, Chuck Grassley, Johnny Isakson, John Cornyn, James Lankford, James M. Inhofe, Michael B. Enzi, Roger F. Wicker, Pat Roberts, Lamar Alexander, Bill Cassidy, John Barrasso, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, David Perdue, John Thune, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for these cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator C
ANT-
WELL , I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the rules of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources for the 115th Congress be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF THE SENATE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY  
ANDNATURAL RESOURCES  
GENERAL RULES  Rule 1. The Standing Rules of the Senate, as supplemented by these rules, are adopted as the rules of the Committee and its Sub-committees. 
MEETINGS OF THE COMMITTEE  Rule 2. (a) The Committee shall meet on the third Thursday of each month while the Congress is in session for the purpose of con-ducting business, unless, for the convenience of Members, the Chairman shall set some other day for a meeting. Additional meetings may be called by the Chairman as he may deem necessary. (b) Hearings of any Subcommittee may be called by the Chairman of such Sub-committee, Provided, That no Subcommittee hearing other than a field hearing, shall be scheduled or held concurrently with a full Committee meeting or hearing, unless a ma-jority of the Committee concurs in such con-current hearing. 
OPEN HEARINGS AND MEETINGS  Rule 3. (a) All hearings and business meet-ings of the Committee and all the hearings of any of its Subcommittees shall be open to the public unless the Committee or Sub-committee involved, by majority vote of all the Members of the Committee or such Sub-committee, orders the hearing or meeting to be closed in accordance with paragraph 5(b) of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. (b) A transcript shall be kept of each hear-ing of the Committee or any Subcommittee. (c) A transcript shall be kept of each busi-ness meeting of the Committee unless a ma-jority of all the Members of the Committee agrees that some other form of permanent record is preferable. HEARING PROCEDURE  Rule 4. (a) Public notice shall be given of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be held by the Committee or any Subcommittee at least one week in advance of such hearing unless the Chairman of the full Committee or the Subcommittee in-volved determines that the hearing is non- controversial or that special circumstances require expedited procedures and a majority of all the Members of the Committee or the Subcommittee involved concurs. In no case shall a hearing be conducted with less than twenty-four hours’ notice. Any document or report that is the subject of a hearing shall be provided to every Member of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee involved at least 72 hours before the hearing unless the Chair-man and Ranking Member determine other-wise. (b) Each witness who is to appear before the Committee or any Subcommittee shall file with the Committee or Subcommittee, at least 24 hours in advance of the hearing, a written statement of his or her testimony in as many copies as the Chairman of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee prescribes. (c) Each Member shall be limited to five minutes in the questioning of any witness until such time as all Members who so desire have had an opportunity to question the wit-ness. (d) The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee or the Ranking Majority and Minority Mem-bers present at the hearing may each appoint one Committee staff member to question each witness. Such staff member may ques-tion the witness only after all Members present have completed their questioning of the witness or at such other time as the Chairman and the Ranking Majority and Mi-nority Members present may agree. No staff member may question a witness in the ab-sence of a quorum for the taking of testi-mony. 
BUSINESS MEETING AGENDA  Rule 5. (a) A legislative measure, nomina-tion, or other matter shall be included on the agenda of the next following business meeting of the full Committee if a written request by a Member of the Committee for such inclusion has been filed with the Chair-man of the Committee at least one week prior to such meeting. Nothing in this rule shall be construed to limit the authority of the Chairman of the Committee to include a legislative measure, nomination, or other matter on the Committee agenda in the ab-sence of such request. (b) The agenda for any business meeting of the Committee shall be provided to each Member and made available to the public at least three days prior to such meeting, and no new items may be added after the agenda is so published except by the approval of a majority of all the Members of the Com-mittee on matters not included on the public agenda. The Staff Director shall promptly notify absent Members of any action taken by the Committee on matters not included on the published agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.053 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1125 February 13, 2017 
QUORUMS  Rule 6. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), eight Members shall con-stitute a quorum for the conduct of business of the Committee. (b) No measure or matter shall be ordered reported from the Committee unless twelve Members of the Committee are actually present at the time such action is taken. (c) One Member shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of conducting a hearing or taking testimony on any measure or matter before the Committee or any Subcommittee. 
VOTING  Rule 7. (a) A rollcall of the Members shall be taken upon the request of any Member. Any Member who does not vote on any roll-call at the time the roll is called, may vote (in person or by proxy) on that rollcall at any later time during the same business meeting. (b) Proxy voting shall be permitted on all matters, except that proxies may not be counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum. Unless further limited, a proxy shall be exercised only upon the date for which it is given and upon the items pub-lished in the agenda for that date. (c) Each Committee report shall set forth the vote on the motion to report the meas-ure or matter involved. Unless the Com-mittee directs otherwise, the report will not set out any votes on amendments offered during Committee consideration. Any Mem-ber who did not vote on any rollcall shall have the opportunity to have his position re-corded in the appropriate Committee record or Committee report. (d) The Committee vote to report a meas-ure to the Senate shall also authorize the staff of the Committee to make necessary technical and clerical corrections in the measure. 
SUBCOMMITTEES  Rule 8. (a) The number of Members as-signed to each Subcommittee and the divi-sion between Majority and Minority Mem-bers shall be fixed by the Chairman in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber. (b) Assignment of Members to Subcommit-tees shall, insofar as possible, reflect the preferences of the Members. No Member will receive assignment to a second Sub-committee until, in order of seniority, all Members of the Committee have chosen as-signments to one Subcommittee, and no Member shall receive assignment to a third Subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all Members have chosen assignments to two Subcommittees. (c) Any Member of the Committee may sit with any Subcommittee during its hearings but shall not have the authority to vote on any matters before the Subcommittee unless he is a Member of such Subcommittee. 
NOMINATIONS  Rule 9. At any hearing to confirm a Presi-dential nomination, the testimony of the nominee and, at the request of any Member, any other witness shall be under oath. Every nominee shall submit the financial disclo-sure report filed pursuant to title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978. Such re-port is made available to the public. 
INVESTIGATIONS  Rule 10. (a) Neither the Committee nor any of its Subcommittees may undertake an in-vestigation unless specifically authorized by the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member or a majority of all the Members of the Committee. (b) A witness called to testify in an inves-tigation shall be informed of the matter or matters under investigation, given a copy of these rules, given the opportunity to make a brief and relevant oral statement before or after questioning, and be permitted to have counsel of his or her choosing present during his or her testimony at any public or closed hearing, or at any unsworn interview, to ad-vise the witness of his or her legal rights. (c) For purposes of this rule, the terms ‘‘in-vestigation’’ shall not include a review or study undertaken pursuant to paragraph 8 of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate or a preliminary inquiry, undertaken at the direction of the Chairman or the Rank-ing Member, intended to determine whether there is substantial credible evidence that would warrant an investigation. SWORN TESTIMONY  Rule 11. Witnesses in Committee or Sub-committee hearings may be required to give testimony under oath whenever the Chair-man or Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee deems such to be necessary. If one or more witnesses at a hearing are required to testify under oath, all witnesses at such hearing shall be re-quired to testify under oath. 
SUBPOENAS  Rule 12. The Chairman shall have author-ity to issue subpoenas for the attendance of witnesses or the production of memoranda, documents, records, or other materials (1) with the agreement of the Ranking Minority Member, (2) when authorized by a majority of all the Members of the Committee, or (3) when within the scope of an investigation authorized under Rule 10(a). 
CONFIDENTIAL TESTIMONY  Rule 13. No confidential testimony taken by or any report of the proceedings of a closed Committee or Subcommittee meeting shall be made public, in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless authorized by a majority of all the Members of the Com-mittee at a business meeting called for the purpose of making such a determination. 
DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS  Rule 14. Any person whose name is men-tioned or who is specifically identified in, or who believes that testimony or other evi-dence presented at, an open Committee or Subcommittee hearing tends to defame him or otherwise adversely affect his reputation may file with the Committee for its consid-eration and action a sworn statement of facts relevant to such testimony or evidence. 
BROADCASTING OF HEARINGS OR MEETINGS  Rule 15. Any meeting or hearing by the Committee or any Subcommittee which is open to the public may be covered in whole or in part by web, television, or radio broad-cast or still photography. Photographers and reporters using mechanical recording, film-ing, or broadcasting devices shall position their equipment so as not to interfere with the seating, vision, and hearing of Members and staff on the dais or with the orderly process of the meeting or hearing. 
AMENDING THE RULES  Rule 16. These rules may be amended only by vote of a majority of all the Members of the Committee in a business meeting of the Committee: Provided, that no vote may be taken on any proposed amendment unless such amendment is reproduced in full in the Committee agenda for such meeting at least three days in advance of such meeting. f 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, the Committee on Environment and Public Works has adopted rules governing its procedures for the 115th Congress. Pur-suant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules for the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS 
JURISDICTION  (Pursuant to Rule XXV, Sec. 2, Standing Rules of the Senate) The Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works is one of sixteen standing committees established by Rule XXV of the Senate, under which committee jurisdictions were last revised by the adoption of S. Res. 4, Senate Committee Reorganization, Feb-ruary 11, 1977. Section 2 of Rule XXV as amended on Jan-uary 7, 1993 provides that the Committee shall consist of seventeen Senators. The pertinent section of Senate Rule XXV follows: (h)(1) Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works, to which shall be referred all pro-posed legislation, messages, petitions, me-morials, and other matters relating to the following subjects: 1. Air pollution. 2. Construction and maintenance of high-ways. 3. Environmental aspects of outer conti-nental shelf lands. 4. Environmental effects of toxic sub-stances, other than pesticides. 5. Environmental policy. 6. Environmental research and develop-ment. 7. Fisheries and wildlife. 8. Flood control and improvement of rivers and harbors, including environmental as-pects of deepwater ports. 9. Noise pollution. 10. Nonmilitary environmental regulation and control of nuclear energy. 11. Ocean dumping. 12. Public buildings and improved grounds for the United States generally, including Federal buildings in the District of Colum-bia. 13. Public works, bridges, and dams. 14. Regional economic development. 15. Solid waste disposal and recycling. 16. Water pollution. 17. Water resources. (2) Such committee shall also study and re-view, on a comprehensive basis, matters re-lating to environmental protection and re-source utilization and conservation, and re-port thereon from time to time. 
RULES OF PROCEDURE  Rule 1. Committee Meetings in General (a) Regular Meeting Days: For purposes of complying with paragraph 3 of Senate Rule XXVI, the regular meeting day of the com-mittee is the first and third Thursday of each month at 10:00 a.m. If there is no busi-ness before the committee, the regular meet-ing shall be omitted. (b) Additional Meetings: The chair may call additional meetings, after consulting with the ranking minority member. Sub-committee chairs may call meetings, with the concurrence of the chair, after con-sulting with the ranking minority members of the subcommittee and the committee. (c) Presiding Officer: (1) The chair shall preside at all meetings of the committee. If the chair is not present, the ranking majority member shall preside. (2) Subcommittee chairs shall preside at all meetings of their subcommittees. If the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.017 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1126 February 13, 2017 
subcommittee chair is not present, the rank-ing majority member of the subcommittee shall preside. (3) Notwithstanding the rule prescribed by paragraphs (1) and (2), any member of the committee may preside at a hearing. (d) Open Meetings: Meetings of the com-mittee and subcommittees, including hear-ings and business meetings, are open to the public. A portion of a meeting may be closed to the public if the committee determines by roll call vote of a majority of the members present that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken— (1) will disclose matters necessary to be kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; (2) relate solely to matters of committee staff personnel or internal staff management or procedure; or (3) constitute any other grounds for clo-sure under paragraph 5(b) of Senate Rule XXVI. (e) Broadcasting: (1) Public meetings of the committee or a subcommittee may be televised, broadcast, or recorded by a member of the Senate press gallery or an employee of the Senate. (2) Any member of the Senate Press Gal-lery or employee of the Senate wishing to televise, broadcast, or record a committee meeting must notify the staff director or the staff director’s designee by 5:00 p.m. the day before the meeting. (3) During public meetings, any person using a camera, microphone, or other elec-tronic equipment may not position or use the equipment in a way that interferes with the seating, vision, or hearing of committee members or staff on the dais, or with the or-derly process of the meeting. Rule 2. Quorums (a) Business Meetings: At committee busi-ness meetings, and for the purpose of approv-ing the issuance of a subpoena or approving a committee resolution, seven members of the committee, at least two of whom are members of the minority party, constitute a quorum, except as provided in subsection (d). (b) Subcommittee Meetings: At sub-committee business meetings, a majority of the subcommittee members, at least one of whom is a member of the minority party, constitutes a quorum for conducting busi-ness. (c) Continuing Quorum: Once a quorum as prescribed in subsections (a) and (b) has been established, the committee or subcommittee may continue to conduct business. (d) Reporting: No measure or matter may be reported to the Senate by the committee unless a majority of committee members cast votes in person. (e) Hearings: One member constitutes a quorum for conducting a hearing. Rule 3. Hearings (a) Announcements: Before the committee or a subcommittee holds a hearing, the chair of the committee or subcommittee shall make a public announcement and provide notice to members of the date, place, time, and subject matter of the hearing. The an-nouncement and notice shall be issued at least one week in advance of the hearing, un-less the chair of the committee or sub-committee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member of the committee or subcommittee, determines that there is good cause to provide a shorter period, in which event the announcement and notice shall be issued at least twenty-four hours in advance of the hearing. (b) Statements of Witnesses: (1) A witness who is scheduled to testify at a hearing of the committee or a sub-committee shall file 100 copies of the written testimony at least 48 hours before the hear-ing. If a witness fails to comply with this re-quirement, the presiding officer may pre-clude the witness’ testimony. This rule may be waived for field hearings, except for wit-nesses from the Federal Government. (2) Any witness planning to use at a hear-ing any exhibit such as a chart, graph, dia-gram, photo, map, slide, or model must sub-mit one identical copy of the exhibit (or rep-resentation of the exhibit in the case of a model) and 100 copies reduced to letter or legal paper size at least 48 hours before the hearing. Any exhibit described above that is not provided to the committee at least 48 hours prior to the hearing cannot be used for purpose of presenting testimony to the com-mittee and will not be included in the hear-ing record. (3) The presiding officer at a hearing may have a witness confine the oral presentation to a summary of the written testimony. (4) Notwithstanding a request that a docu-ment be embargoed, any document that is to be discussed at a hearing, including, but not limited to, those produced by the General Accounting Office, Congressional Budget Of-fice, Congressional Research Service, a Fed-eral agency, an Inspector General, or a non-governmental entity, shall be provided to all members of the committee at least 72 hours before the hearing. Rule 4. Business Meetings: Notice and Filing Requirements (a) Notice: The chair of the committee or the subcommittee shall provide notice, the agenda of business to be discussed, and the text of agenda items to members of the com-mittee or subcommittee at least 72 hours be-fore a business meeting. If the 72 hours falls over a weekend, all materials will be pro-vided by close of business on Friday. (b) Amendments: First-degree amendments must be filed with the chair of the com-mittee or the subcommittee at least 24 hours before a business meeting. After the filing deadline, the chair shall promptly distribute all filed amendments to the members of the committee or subcommittee. (c) Modifications: The chair of the com-mittee or the subcommittee may modify the notice and filing requirements to meet spe-cial circumstances, with the concurrence of the ranking member of the committee or subcommittee. Rule 5. Business Meetings: Voting (a) Proxy Voting: (1) Proxy voting is allowed on all meas-ures, amendments, resolutions, or other mat-ters before the committee or a sub-committee. (2) A member who is unable to attend a business meeting may submit a proxy vote on any matter, in writing, orally, or through personal instructions. (3) A proxy given in writing is valid until revoked. A proxy given orally or by personal instructions is valid only on the day given. (b) Subsequent Voting: Members who were not present at a business meeting and were unable to cast their votes by proxy may record their votes later, so long as they do so that same business day and their vote does not change the outcome. (c) Public Announcement: (1) Whenever the committee conducts a rollcall vote, the chair shall announce the results of the vote, including a tabulation of the votes cast in favor and the votes cast against the proposition by each member of the committee. (2) Whenever the committee reports any measure or matter by rollcall vote, the re-port shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor of and the votes cast in opposi-tion to the measure or matter by each mem-ber of the committee. Rule 6. Subcommittees (a) Regularly Established Subcommittees: The committee has four subcommittees: Transportation and Infrastructure; Clean Air and Nuclear Safety; Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight; and Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife. (b) Membership: The committee chair, after consulting with the ranking minority member, shall select members of the sub-committees. Rule 7. Statutory Responsibilities and Other Matters (a) Environmental Impact Statements: No project or legislation proposed by any execu-tive branch agency may be approved or oth-erwise acted upon unless the committee has received a final environmental impact state-ment relative to it, in accordance with sec-tion 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act, and the written comments of the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, in accordance with section 309 of the Clean Air Act. This rule is not in-tended to broaden, narrow, or otherwise modify the class of projects or legislative proposals for which environmental impact statements are required under section 102(2)(C). (b) Project Approvals: (1) Whenever the committee authorizes a project under Public Law 89–298, the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1965; Public Law 83–566, the Watershed Protection and Flood Preven-tion Act; or Public Law 86–249, the Public Buildings Act of 1959, as amended; the chair-man shall submit for printing in the Con-gressional Record, and the committee shall publish periodically as a committee print, a report that describes the project and the rea-sons for its approval, together with any dis-senting or individual views. (2) Proponents of a committee resolution shall submit appropriate evidence in favor of the resolution. (c) Building Prospectuses: (1) When the General Services Administra-tion submits a prospectus, pursuant to sec-tion 7(a) of the Public Buildings Act of 1959, as amended, for construction (including con-struction of buildings for lease by the gov-ernment), alteration and repair, or acquisi-tion, the committee shall act with respect to the prospectus during the same session in which the prospectus is submitted. A prospectus rejected by majority vote of the committee or not reported to the Senate during the session in which it was submitted shall be returned to the General Services Ad-ministration and must then be be resub-mitted in order to be considered by the com-mittee during the next session of the Con-gress. (2) A report of a building project survey submitted by the General Services Adminis-tration to the committee under section 11(b) of the Public Buildings Act of 1959, as amended, may not be considered by the com-mittee as being a prospectus subject to ap-proval by committee resolution in accord-ance with section 7(a) of that Act. A project described in the report may be considered for committee action only if it is submitted as a prospectus in accordance with section 7(a) and is subject to the provisions of paragraph (1) of this rule. (d) Naming Public Facilities: The com-mittee may not name a building, structure or facility for any living person, except former Presidents or former Vice Presidents of the United States, former Members of Congress over 70 years of age, former Jus-tices of the United States Supreme Court over 70 years of age, or Federal judges who are fully retired and over 75 years of age or have taken senior status and are over 75 years of age. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.019 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1127 February 13, 2017 
Rule 8. Amending the Rules The rules may be added to, modified, amended, or suspended by vote of a majority of committee members at a business meeting if a quorum is present. f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JEFFERY P. HOLLAND Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I wish to commend Dr. Jeffery P. Holland for 37 years of service to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Dr. Holland will soon retire as the Director of the Research and Develop-ment and Director of the Corps Engi-neer Research Center, ERDC, headquartered in Vicksburg, MS. He is capping his career with a highly suc-cessful management term leading one of the most diverse research organiza-tions in the world—an organization that includes seven laboratories in four States with more than 2,000 employees, including more than 1,200 Federal engi-neers and scientists. As director of R&D and chief sci-entist for the Corps since 2010, Dr. Hol-land has effectively promoted its re-search missions, including warfighter support, military installations, the en-vironment, water resources, and infor-mation technology. His work has en-hanced our Nation’s knowledge and sparked innovation related to military and civilian missions of the Depart-ment of Defense and other agencies. His leadership in research and devel-opment led to numerous achievements, among them increased soldier surviv-ability and improved unit protection in combat zones. He distinguished himself within the Senior Executive Service with his work to establish excellence in human capital benchmarks, to develop an enterprise knowledge management and technology transfer plan for the Corps, and to develop a science and technology initiative to improve De-fense Department acquisition. Over his long career, Dr. Holland earned a reputation as a strong leader and coalition builder, who empowered thousands of engineers and scientists to find new ways to solve problems. His career has resulted in significant and lasting contributions to the Depart-ment of the Army, the Department of Defense, the Vicksburg community, and the Nation. His distinguished tenure and out-standing accomplishments are in keep-ing with the highest standards of civil-ian service and reflect great credit upon him, the Department of the Army, and the Department of Defense. I am pleased to commend Dr. Holland for his many years of service and to wish him well in the years ahead. 
f 
PERSPECTIVE OF RURAL AMERICA TOWARD THE ROLE OF GOVERN-MENT Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, there is a very good radio reporter in smalltown Iowa named Robert Leon-ard, or ‘‘Dr. Bob,’’ as he is known, who interviews me every month. I recently read an opinion piece he wrote in the New York Times where he gives his take on the perspective of rural Amer-ica toward the role of government. This perspective is often lost in policy debates in our Nation’s Capital. In this piece, Dr. Bob gives very thorough and intellectually honest commentary that more people should read. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the New York Times article entitled, ‘‘Why Rural America Voted for Trump’’ by Robert Leonard dated January 5, 2017. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Jan. 5, 2017] W
HYRURAL AMERICA VOTED FOR TRUMP  (By Robert Leonard) K
NOXVILLE , IA.—One recent morning, I sat near two young men at a coffee shop here whom I’ve known since they were little boys. Now about 18, they pushed away from the table, and one said: ‘‘Let’s go to work. Let the liberals sleep in.’’ The other nodded. They’re hard workers. As a kid, one washed dishes, took orders and swept the floor at a restaurant. Every summer, the other picked sweet corn by hand at dawn for a farm stand and for grocery stores, and then went to work all day on his parents’ farm. Now one is a welder, and the other is in his first year at a state university on an academic scholar-ship. They are conservative, believe in hard work, family, the military and cops, and they know that abortion and socialism are evil, that Jesus Christ is our savior, and that Donald J. Trump will be good for America. They are part of a growing movement in rural America that immerses many young people in a culture—not just conservative news outlets but also home and church envi-ronments—that emphasizes contemporary conservative values. It views liberals as loathsome, misinformed and weak, even dan-gerous. Who are these rural, red-county people who brought Mr. Trump into power? I’m a native Iowan and reporter in rural Marion County, Iowa. I consider myself fairly liberal. My family has mostly voted Democratic since long before I was born. To be honest, for years, even I have struggled to understand how these conservative friends and neighbors I respect—and at times admire—can think so differently from me, not to mention how over 60 percent of voters in my county could have chosen Mr. Trump. Political analysts have talked about how ignorance, racism, sexism, nationalism, Islamophobia, economic disenfranchisement and the decline of the middle class contrib-uted to the popularity of Mr. Trump in rural America. But this misses the deeper cultural factors that shape the thinking of the con-servatives who live here. For me, it took a 2015 pre-caucus stop in Pella by J. C. Watts, a Baptist minister raised in the small town of Eufaula, Okla., who was a Republican congressman from 1995 to 2003, to begin to understand my neigh-bors—and most likely other rural Americans as well. ‘‘The difference between Republicans and Democrats is that Republicans believe peo-ple are fundamentally bad, while Democrats see people as fundamentally good,’’ said Mr. Watts, who was in the area to campaign for Senator Rand Paul. ‘‘We are born bad,’’ he said and added that children did not need to be taught to behave badly—they are born knowing how to do that. ‘‘We teach them how to be good,’’ he said. ‘‘We become good by being reborn—born again.’’ He continued. ‘‘Democrats believe that we are born good, that we create God, not that he created us. If we are our own God, as the Democrats say, then we need to look at something else to blame when things go wrong—not us.’’ Mr. Watts talked about the 2015 movie the-ater shooting in Lafayette, La., in which two people were killed. Mr. Watts said that Re-publicans knew that the gunman was a bad man, doing a bad thing. Democrats, he added, ‘‘would look for other causes—that the man was basically good, but that it was the guns, society or some other place where the blame lies and then they will want to control the guns, or something else—not the man.’’ Republicans, he said, don’t need to look anywhere else for the blame. Hearing Mr. Watts was an epiphany for me. For the first time I had a glimpse of where many of my conservative friends and neigh-bors were coming from. I thought, no wonder Republicans and Democrats can’t agree on things like gun control, regulations or the value of social programs. We live in different philosophical worlds, with different foundational principles. Overlay this philosophical perspective on the American rural-urban divides of history, economy and geography, and the conserv-ative individual responsibility narrative be-comes even more powerful. In my experience, the urban-rural divide isn’t really so much a red state versus blue state issue, it’s red county versus blue county. Rural Iowans have more in common with the rural resi-dents of Washington State and New Mexico— places I’ve also lived—than with the resi-dents of Des Moines, Seattle and Albu-querque. Look at a national map of which counties went for Democrats and which for Repub-licans: Overwhelmingly the blue counties are along waterways, where early river transpor-tation encouraged the formation of cities, and surround state capitals. This is also where most investment in infrastructure and services is made. Rural Americans recognize that this is how it must be, as the cities are where most of the people are, yet it’s a sore spot. In state capitols across America, law-makers spend billions of dollars to take a few seconds off a city dweller’s commute to his office, while rural counties’ farm-to-mar-ket roads fall into disrepair. Some of the paved roads in my region are no longer main-tained and are reverting to gravel. For a cou-ple of generations now, services that were once scattered across rural areas have in-creasingly been consolidated in urban areas, and rural towns die. It’s all done in the name of efficiency. In cities, firefighters and E.M.T.s are pro-fessionals whose departments are funded by local, state and federal tax dollars. Rural America relies on volunteers. If I have a seri-ous heart attack at home, I’ll be cold to the touch by the time the volunteer ambulance crew from a town 22 miles away gets here. Urban police officers have the latest in computer equipment and vehicles, while small-town cops go begging. In this view, blue counties are where most of our tax dollars are spent, and that’s where all of our laws are written and passed. To rural Americans, sometimes it seems our taxes mostly go to making city residents live better. We recognize that the truth is more complex, particularly when it comes to social programs, but it’s the perception that matters—certainly to the way most people vote. To make matters worse, jobs are con-tinuing to move to metropolitan areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.021 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1128 February 13, 2017 
Small-town chamber of commerce directors and mayors still have big dreams, and use their perkiest grins and tax abatements to try to lure new businesses, only to see their hopes dashed, time and again. Many towns with a rich history and strong community pride are already dead; their citizens just don’t know it yet. Many moderate rural Republicans became supporters of Mr. Trump when he released his list of potential Supreme Court nominees who would allow the possibility of over-turning Roe v. Wade. They also think the liberal worldview creates unnecessary rules and regulations that cripple the economy and take away good jobs that may belong to them or their neighbor. Public school sys-tems and colleges are liberal tools of indoc-trination that go after what we love and value most—our children. Some of what liberals worry about they see as pure nonsense. When you are the son or daughter of a carpenter or mechanic and a housewife or secretary who lives paycheck to paycheck, who can’t afford to send kids to college, as many rural residents are, white privilege is meaningless and abstract. It’s not just older people. The two young men at breakfast exemplify a younger gen-eration with this view. When Ted Cruz cam-paigned in a neighboring town in 2015, I watched as a couple of dozen grade-school pupils sat at his feet, as if they were at a children’s service at church. His campaign speech was nearly a sermon, and the children listened wide-eyed when he told them the world is a scary place, and it’s godly men like him who are going to save them from the evils of President Obama, Hillary Clinton and their fellow Democrats. While many blame poor decisions by Mrs. Clinton for her loss, in an environment like this, the Democratic candidate probably didn’t matter. And the Democratic Party may not for generations to come. The Repub-lican brand is strong in rural America—per-haps even strong enough to withstand a dis-astrous Trump presidency. Rural conservatives feel that their world is under siege, and that Democrats are an enemy to be feared and loathed. Given the philosophical premises Mr. Watts presented as the difference between Democrats and Re-publicans, reconciliation seems a long way off. f 
TRIBUTE TO KEVIN CONCANNON Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and congratulate Kevin Concannon on his retirement and distinguished career. The fact that Kevin Concannon retired is not news— he has done that several times before, and each time, he moved onto more ex-citing and challenging positions. In 2016 Kevin Concannon retired from the USDA as the Undersecretary of Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Serv-ices after 8 years of service. Kevin is a tireless advocate of peo-ple—all people. His work to assure that every effort was made to address hun-ger in this country is an indicator of his compassion, understanding of both the issues and solutions, and his un-wavering faith in the ability of this great country to care for those who are struggling—whether it is food insecu-rity or earlier in his career on mental health issues, long-term care, and child welfare. At USDA, Kevin worked tirelessly to increase options for SNAP bene-ficiaries to access fresh local foods at Farmers Markets; he was determined that children should have more access to nutritious foods in WIC, schools, and childcare. While Kevin and I agree on that goal, I must add that, as a native Mainer, Kevin may have missed the mark on where white potatoes fit into those meal plans. Kevin Concannon came to USDA with an amazingly broad spectrum of experience. From 1987 to 1995, he served as the director of Oregon Department of Human Resources; after having served commissioner of Maine Depart-ment of Mental Health and Correc-tions. In 1995, I was fortunate to be able to bring him back to his home State of Maine to serve as the commissioner of Maine’s Deparment of Human Services. At the time, I commented that he was the Dan Marino of commissioners and welcomed him back. I would point out that Dan Marino is now serving as the VP of the Dolphins, and I expect that, in the same way, Kevin Concannon will find ways to continue his public serv-ice—and that will benefit us all. Kevin led efforts throughout his ca-reer to improve child welfare, expand Medicaid and child health insurance, integrate programs of public health and medical care, and improve systems for long-term care for elders and people with disabilities. Many of those efforts were national in scope, and he was se-lected by his peers to serve as the president of the American Public Wel-fare Association from 1994 to 1995. In every role, in every effort, Kevin Concannon has been an exemplary pub-lic servant and leader. Margaret Chase Smith said it best: ‘‘Public service must be more than doing a job efficiently and honestly. It must be a complete dedication to the people and to the nation.’’ Kevin Concannon is the personification of total dedication, honesty, and deter-mination to make the world a better place; that has been the hallmark of his work each and every day. Congratulations and best wishes to Kevin Concannon, and welcome home. 
f 
REMEMBERING ROBERT JUSTIN STEVENS Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today in fond memory of Robert Justin Stevens, a former staffer of mine who recently passed away—entirely too young—after a long, arduous fight with cancer. Justin was exemplary in his desire to serve and his love for public policy and politics. He was a dedicated public servant who worked tirelessly to im-prove the lives of Americans. Over the last few years, Justin managed Federal policy and advocacy for homeland se-curity, public safety, and military-re-lated issues as legislative director with the National Governors Association. Before that, Justin worked with me, and later with Senator Scott Brown, as a professional staff member at the Sen-ate Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Subcommittee on Fed-eral Financial Management, Govern-ment Information, Federal Services, and International Security. There, he helped us to identify and address waste, fraud, and abuse in government spending and financial improvement, audit readiness, and business trans-formation at our Federal agencies. During my 2008 Presidential campaign, Justin served as a senior advance team lead. It was in that context that I was first introduced to Justin’s boundless love of life and energy. Justin also served as the director for candidate operations and advance for the Scott Brown for Senate 2012 cam-paign; a financial systems analyst with the EMCOR Group; and a Navy/NASA university faculty fellowship program manager with the American Society for Engineering Education, ASEE. Justin never took his young life for granted. An avid runner and adven-turous soul, Justin sought to improve himself by taking courses in further-ance of a master’s in national security and strategic studies at the U.S. Naval War College, after having received a B.S. in business administration from the University of Florida and grad-uated East Lake High School. Also, un-bowed by his continuing struggle with cancer and always filled with hope, Justin married the love of his life, Eliz-abeth. Justin will be forever remembered for the joy he brought to the lives of his family, friends, and colleagues with his humor, energy, and selflessness. Throughout his young life, Justin al-ways made sure that those closest to him knew how important they were to him. Cindy and I extend our warmest con-dolences to Justin’s wife, Elizabeth; his mother Jean Nowakowski; his step-mother Karen Stevens, with whom Jus-tin was exceptionally close; his siblings Bryan and Damon; his niece Magdalena and nephew Jackson. Thank you. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL ILITCH ∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a champion for Detroit and for Michigan, Mike Ilitch. Everyone from Michigan knows his life story: the son of Macedonian immi-grants, he founded Little Caesars Pizza, one of the largest pizza chains in the world, and rebuilt both the Detroit Tigers and the Detroit Red Wings into world class, winning franchises. He led the Red Wings to four Stanley Cups and brought the Tigers to the World Series twice. The story of Mike Ilitch is the story of never doing anything halfway. He embodies the American dream: he served as a marine, built a business empire, and had an eye for perfection that led him to incredible success. For him though, it wasn’t enough to be satisfied with success in business or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.022 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1129 February 13, 2017 
sports; it was all about giving back. He said it himself: ‘‘I was raised in De-troit. I came from zero. This commu-nity helped make me. It’s nice to give something back.’’ He loved Detroit and worked to revi-talize the city while maintaining its cultural history. His company, Olym-pia Entertainment, purchased the Fox Theater and restored it in 1988. He built Comerica Park, home to the Ti-gers. His recent $40 million donation to the Wayne State University School of Business will help build their state-of- the-art facility on Woodward Avenue, next to the new home of the Red Wings and the Pistons, Little Caesars Arena. Detroit is better off because of the work that he did. And the people of De-troit are better off because of his work. From his philanthropic organization that has given to those in need and the program he started through Little Caesars that helps honorably dis-charged veterans get employed, Mike Ilitch gave people a chance to succeed and to thrive. Mike will be sorely missed by all of us. His legacy is shared by his loving wife of over 61 years, Marian, and his seven children, but it is also shared by everyone in Michigan and all of those who love Detroit. Thank you. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, and the order of the House of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Congressional-Ex-ecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Co-Chairman, Mr. P
ITTENGER of North Carolina, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. H
ULTGREN of Illinois. The message further announced that pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2761, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member of the House of Representa-tives to the British-American Inter-parliamentary Group: Mr. C
OLE of Oklahoma. The message also announced that pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276h, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group: Mr. M
CCAUL of Texas, Chairman, Mr. D
UFFY of Wisconsin, Vice-Chairman, Mr. H
URDof Texas, and Mr. P EARCE of New Mexico. The message further announced that pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276d, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the Canada-United States Interparliamentary Group: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Chairman, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. P OLIQUIN of Maine, and Mr. C
RAMER of North Da-kota. The message also announced that pursuant to section 4 of the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Commission Act (Public Law 114–224), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Members of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commis-sion: Mr. MACARTHUR of New Jersey and Mrs. L
OVEof Utah. The message further announced that pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 2302, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN  of Florida, Mr. Z
ELDIN of New York, and Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. The message also announced that pursuant to Executive Order No. 12131, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Members of the House of Rep-resentatives to the President’s Export Council: Mr. T
IBERI of Ohio, Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R
EICHART of Washington. The message further announced that pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. D
ESANTIS of Florida. The message also announced that pursuant to section 2(a) of the National Cultural Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76h(a)), amended by Public Law 107–117, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Member of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK of Virginia. The message further announced that pursuant to section 603 of the Depart-ment of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following in-dividual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Western Hemi-sphere Drug Policy Commission: Ms. Mary Bono of Washington, DC. The message also announced that pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2501, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member of the House of Representa-tives to the National Historical Publi-cations and Records Commission: Mr. M
EADOWS of North Carolina. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH: S. 351. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for comprehen-sive student achievement information; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. CARDIN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 352. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recognition of his heroic actions during World War II; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 353. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the rural add- on payment in the Medicare home health benefit, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 354. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the Diver-sity Visa Program, to limit the President’s discretion in setting the number of refugees admitted annually to the United States, to reduce the number of family-sponsored im-migrants, to create a new nonimmigrant classification for the parents of adult United States citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 355. A bill to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a lifetime National Recreational Pass for any veteran with a service-connected dis-ability; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 356. A bill to amend title XXI of the So-cial Security Act to improve access to, and the delivery of, children’s health services through school-based health centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 357. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain ex-changed non-public lands, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. R UBIO, and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 358. A bill to establish a designation for jurisdictions permissive to terrorism financ-ing, to build the capacity of partner nations to investigate, prosecute, and hold account-able terrorist financiers, to impose restric-tions on foreign financial institutions that provide financial services for terrorist orga-nizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 359. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a reduced excise tax rate for portable, electronically-aerated bait containers; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 360. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require States to provide for same day registration; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, and Mr. L EE): S. 361. A bill to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.040 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1130 February 13, 2017 
specific activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): S. 362. A bill to provide that 6 of the 12 weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S AND-
ERS, and Mr. P ETERS ): S. 363. A bill to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Ap-palachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 364. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to exempt certain recipients of Department of Agriculture conservation as-sistance from certain reporting require-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 365. A bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to remove the funding cap relating to the transfer of funds from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 366. A bill to require the Federal finan-cial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institu-tions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. Res. 60. A resolution designating May 5, 2017, as the ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 63 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 63, a bill to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 92 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 92, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from ap-proved pharmacies in Canada. S. 102 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 102, a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to com-mence proceedings related to the resil-iency of critical communications net-works during times of emergency, and for other purposes. 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 178, a bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and im-prove the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. 
S. 241 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 241, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federa-tion of America. 
S. 251 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 251, a bill to repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board in order to ensure that it cannot be used to under-mine the Medicare entitlement for beneficiaries. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medi-care outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 326, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax-exempt financing of certain gov-ernment-owned buildings. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. MENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 338, a bill to protect scientific integrity in Federal research and policymaking, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 347 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 347, a bill to amend the Small Business Act and the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to in-crease the percentage of loans guaran-teed for small business concerns that are manufacturers. 
S.J. RES. 13 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 13, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by the Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipi-ents in selecting subrecipients. 
S.J. RES. 14 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 14, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Social Security Adminis-tration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. At the request of Mr. S
TRANGE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 14, supra. 
S.J. RES. 16 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 16, a joint resolution approv-ing the discontinuation of the process for consideration and automatic imple-mentation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medicare Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act. 
S. RES. 58 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 58, a resolution con-gratulating the New England Patriots on their victory in Super Bowl LI. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 357. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public lands in San Bernardino County, Cali-fornia, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to ac-cept in return certain exchanged non- public lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to reintroduce the Santa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.003 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1131 February 13, 2017 
Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act. This legislation directs the Bu-reau of Land Management, BLM, to ex-change land with the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, the District, in San Bernardino, CA, as part of a regional land management plan. The bill is the culmination of years of collaboration between numerous Federal and State agencies, private in-dustry, and municipalities representing mining, flood control, water supply and wildlife conservation, among other in-terests. Included among the supporters of this land exchange are county of San Bernardino; city of Redlands; city of Highland; San Bernardino Water Con-servation District; San Bernardino Val-ley Municipal Water District: East Val-ley Water District; Endangered Habi-tats League; CEMEX Construction Ma-terials Pacific; Robertson’s Ready Mix and Inland Action In 1993, representatives from this di-verse group formed the Wash Com-mittee to address mining issues in the upper Santa Ana River wash area. The role of the committee subse-quently expanded in 1997 to consider the broad range of land uses in the area, including natural resource con-servation. The Wash Committee developed a strategy that focused best uses for more comprehensive planning and not on private property boundaries that would segment the area. The result is a forthcoming Land Management and Habitat Conservation Plan expected to cover 4,500 acres. This land exchange will take place in a designated region within the Santa Ana Wash, at the junction of the Santa Ana River and Mill Creek. Currently, land within the Santa Ana Wash is owned by both the District and BLM. The land parcels owned by the dis-trict are currently used for recharging the local groundwater aquifer through more than 77 basins and also provide critical Riversidian sage scrub habitat for a number of State and federally listed species. In addition, under this plan, new land would be set aside for conservation purposes near land al-ready managed by BLM. The exchange of land between the district and BLM will connect a cur-rent patchwork of separately owned land parcels into a consolidated open space for conservation purposes and will optimize the efficiency of mining operations and water conservation ef-forts. The land transfer resulting from this legislation will lead to increased habi-tat protection, improved connectivity in the wildlife corridor, expanded groundwater recharge for water supply, and the future establishment of public access and trails. Additionally, the legislation will allow the continued use of land and mineral resources while maintaining the biological and hydrological re-sources of the area in an environ-mentally sensitive manner. I want to applaud diverse members of the Wash Committee that worked to-gether, including the cities of Highland and Redlands, East Valley Water Dis-trict, the County of San Bernardino, Robertson’s Ready Mix, CEMEX, the San Bernardino Valley Municipal Water District, and the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, along with the Federal, State and local stakeholders, for their continued ef-forts on the Wash Plan. This group has demonstrated that, while it takes significant time, fund-ing, and cooperation, it is possible to simultaneously protect the environ-ment and support local jobs, business, and community interests. I would also like to thank my col-leagues, Representatives P
AUL COOK and P
ETE AGUILAR , for introducing similar legislation in the House. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass the Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 60—DESIG-NATING MAY 5, 2017, AS THE ‘‘NATIONAL DAY OF AWARENESS FOR MISSING AND MURDERED NATIVE WOMEN AND GIRLS’’ Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 60 Whereas, according to a study commis-sioned by the Department of Justice, in some tribal communities, American Indian women face murder rates that are more than 10 times the national average murder rate; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, homicide was the third-leading cause of death among American Indian and Alaska Native women between 10 and 24 years of age and the fifth- leading cause of death for American Indian and Alaska Native women between 25 and 34 years of age; Whereas little data exist on the number of missing American Indian and Alaska Native women in the United States; Whereas, on July 5, 2013, Hanna Harris, a member of the Northern Cheyenne Tribe, was reported missing by her family in Lame Deer, Montana; Whereas the body of Hanna Harris was found 5 days after she went missing; Whereas Hanna Harris was determined to have been raped and murdered, and the indi-viduals accused of committing those crimes were convicted; Whereas the case of Hanna Harris is an ex-ample of many similar cases; and Whereas Hanna Harris was born on May 5, 1992: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 5, 2017, as the ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States and interested groups— (A) to commemorate the lives of missing and murdered American Indian and Alaska Native women whose cases are documented and undocumented in public records and the media; and (B) to demonstrate solidarity with the families of victims in light of those trage-dies. f ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Feb-ruary 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator R
UBIO. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. 
f 
VENEZUELA Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I come here this evening to speak on the issue of human rights in Venezuela and de-velopments today in regard to all these issues. It is part of the broader effort my office has undertaken for a while now. It is the hashtag ‘‘Expression NOT Oppression’’ campaign. Every week we come here to the floor of the Senate when in session and high-light political prisoners and dissidents whose lives are being destroyed by op-pressive regimes around the world. Today, I will be highlighting the case of Leopoldo Lopez, a Venezuelan oppo-sition leader who, 3 years ago this week, led peaceful demonstrations against the regime of Nicolas Maduro, and he was thrown in jail for it. I am honored that this week we will be visited here in Washington by Lilian Tintori, Leopoldo’s wife and the moth-er of their two children. She is an in-credibly brave woman who does not rest as she continues advocating for her husband’s release and the release of all political prisoners and continues to fight for a free and democratic Ven-ezuela. So I want to recognize her as she visits Washington this week to ask for our government’s continued help. Before I get into Leopoldo’s case, I want to take a few moments to talk about what is happening in our own Western Hemisphere and in Venezuela specifically. For decades, the Western Hemisphere has been neglected by our foreign pol-icy—sadly, by administrations of both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.007 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1132 February 13, 2017 
parties. As we see all over the world, when America fails to lead and engage on the world stage, bad actors emerge and they grow emboldened, while our enemies and adversaries rush to fill the void. We see democracy under assault and with it, an assault on the uni-versal, God-given rights and dignity of citizens throughout this region. Despite the one-sided concessions of the past 2 years, Castro’s Cuba remains as repressive as ever. In Nicaragua, Daniel Ortega ran for and won an un-constitutional third term, with his wife as the Vice President. Of course, we are growing increasingly familiar with the economic, social, and political disaster in Venezuela, which I shall elaborate on shortly. By the way, I am also concerned about the impact of ongoing, rampant corruption in the region, which will un-dermine democratic governments and their institutions. There is another major issue plagu-ing the region and threatening the se-curity of the United States, and that is rising insecurity stemming from narco-terrorist drug cartels. In recent years, we have seen the worst of them—the FARC in Colombia—brought to their knees and to the negotiating table by the Colombian Government’s efforts. But Mexico and other countries throughout Central America continue to be threatened by organizations such as these. A third problem in the region is the lack of economic opportunity. It is simply in America’s interest to have more prosperous neighbors, people to sell to and trade with. Ultimately, if people can’t earn enough money to feed their families and live in a safe neigh-borhood, they will either pick up and leave by any means necessary, includ-ing illegal immigration, or they will join drug gangs. I know that too often there is a tend-ency to overlook what is happening in our own region. Some might say: I have enough problems here at home to worry about what is going on in other countries. But I hope that everyone re-members that all of this I have de-scribed and am about to talk about ul-timately has direct consequences on us here in the United States and on our people. When you have a breakdown in any of these areas, people in these countries look to leave. The first place they often look to is the freest and the most prosperous country in the re-gion—in the world—the United States of America. Because it also happens to be relatively close, that creates immi-gration pressures on our borders and on our communities. When economies aren’t functioning, it means American workers and entre-preneurs have fewer customers abroad to sell products and services to. And when you have all of this instability, vacuums are created that foreign en-emies or adversaries like North Korea, Iran, China, and Russia seek to fill, not to mention terrorist organizations. It allows for the rise of tyrants and au-thoritarians like Castro and Chavez, Maduro, Ortega, Morales, Correa, and others. Today in Venezuela, all these prob-lems have come together to bring this country—one of the richest countries in the world in terms of resources—to the verge of becoming a failed state, and today the people of that proud country are living a nightmare. Not that long ago, Venezuela was a vibrant democracy. It had strong democratic and independent institu-tions. It had free and fair elections. But today in Venezuela, democracy and human rights are under assault. The country is ruled by an incompetent strongman—a criminal, a human rights abuser, someone who has perverted every independent institution in the country, and is incompetent, whether it is the judiciary, the military, intel-ligence, or the media—in order to en-trench himself and his cronies in power. Here in the United States, when we have disagreements, people use dif-ferent rules at their disposal to prolong debates and slow things down. We are aware of that here in the Senate. In Venezuela, when people have disagree-ments, especially with the government, they just try to stop debates com-pletely. For example, after the opposi-tion party in Venezuela miraculously won the last legislative election—de-spite every effort by the Maduro gov-ernment to steal that election—the Venezuelan state police then blocked the new members of the Parliament from going to work. Imagine for a moment 2, 4 years ago, 2012, when President Obama was elect-ed, if he had ordered—in 2014, when Re-publicans took control of the Senate, imagine if at that time the President had ordered the police to stand at the door of the Chamber and not allow Sen-ators from the Republican Party to enter the Chamber. That is what hap-pened in Venezuela. Then that same government in Venezuela ordered their hacks on the kangaroo supreme court to invalidate laws passed by the Na-tional Assembly to free political pris-oners. Venezuela also has a drug cartel problem. In fact, there are officials in the highest levels of the Venezuelan Government who have even been linked to drug cartels. Among them is the former head of the National Assembly, Diosdado Cabello, and the Vice Presi-dent of that country, Tareck El Aissami. I will talk about him in a mo-ment. We also learned last week—and I came to the floor to discuss the CNN report confirming what my office had been gathering for a while. By the way, that is going to be airing tonight on CNN, the second part of that series. We learned that organized crime syn-dicates in Venezuela, with the tacit ap-proval of the Government of Venezuela, of Maduro, are running counterfeit passport rings, with counterfeit Ven-ezuelan passports being sold to terror-ists and to individuals with links to terrorism. But it is Venezuela’s economy that is perhaps the saddest story of all. The failures of Chavez-style socialism in Venezuela led to misery for people there of all ages. Not that long ago, Venezuela was a relatively rich econ-omy. It is a rich country blessed with oil and other natural resources, and it has long had a well-educated popu-lation and vibrant middle class. But under Hugo Chavez and Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela has been crumbling. Caracas, the capital of Venezuela, has become the murder capital of the world. It is one of the most dangerous cities on the planet. Venezuela is de-faulting on its loans. In fact, it will owe about $6 billion in April. They will not be able to make those payments. In Venezuela, the grocery shelves are bare—a rich country, and they are completely bare. Everyday products, like toilet paper, are scarce, as is food. The people of Venezuela are literary starving, so much so that a recent Miami Herald article from last week detailed how people have turned to hunting and eating flamingos for food. By now, many of us have seen the im-ages of newborn babies being put in cardboard boxes at the hospital be-cause these hospitals can no longer af-ford cribs. So it comes as no surprise that the Venezuelan people, living in misery like this—robbed of their dignity and aspiring for more than this disaster— would choose to speak up. They began to do so in full force 3 years ago this week. That is when Venezuelan stu-dents took to the streets to protest the violence and the scarcity of basic ne-cessities due to the negligent, incom-petent policies enacted by the Maduro regime. What began as a student pro-test soon became something bigger. It became a movement. Government thugs responded to this movement with violence, and the peaceful demonstrations came to look like a combat zone: 43 people dead, 600 people injured, and approximately 3,400 people detained. Among those detained was Leopoldo Lopez, a Venezuelan op-position leader. The government of Maduro outrageously accused him of being responsible for all of this vio-lence, and they threw him in jail and he has been there ever since. It has been about 1,100 days. To put that num-ber into context, Washington Post re-porter Jason Rezaian was held prisoner by the Iranian regime for 544 days. The Iranian hostage crisis of 1979 lasted 444 days. In September 2015, Leopoldo Lopez was sentenced to 13 years, 9 months, 7 days, and 12 hours for his participation in the protests. In jail he has suffered physical and psychological torture. He is the father of two young chil-dren, and he is married to Lilian Tintori. He was the mayor of Chacao, and the leader of Popular Will or Voluntad Popular political party. He will be a critical part of building a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.059 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1133 February 13, 2017 
freer, more democratic, and more pros-perous Venezuela, but for now, sadly, he languishes in prison. He is not alone either. In Venezuela today, there are at least 108 political prisoners. Like Leopoldo, they each have a lot to contribute to make Ven-ezuela a better place, but the Ven-ezuelan Government is robbing them of their freedom, and it is robbing their families of the memories every child and spouse deserves to create with their father, husband, and loved ones. All these political prisoners should be free. I have encouraged, publicly and privately, our new Secretary of State and the administration to make the freedom of these political prisoners their cause and to make it a priority. I know we are trying to work through our top-level Cabinet nominations here in the Senate, but we need to get peo-ple in place in other key roles through-out the administration; for example, our next Ambassador to the Organiza-tion of American States, where the United States needs to recommit to making its voice heard in that forum as a voice for democracy and human rights and for holding Venezuela’s re-gime accountable for violations of the Inter-American Democratic Charter. I am also pleased that today the ad-ministration announced a new round of sanctions against a key Venezuelan of-ficial. Specifically, Venezuela’s Execu-tive Vice President Tareck Zaidan El Aissami Maddah, El Aissami, as I talked about him earlier, and Ven-ezuelan national Samark Jose Lopez Bello were sanctioned under the King-pin Act for international narcotics trafficking. Aissami’s primary front man was Samark Jose Lopez Bello, whom I just discussed. He was designated for pro-viding material assistance, financial support or goods and services, and sup-port of international narcotics traf-ficking activities and acting for or on behalf of El Aissami. Five U.S. compa-nies owned or controlled by Lopez Bello have been blocked as part of to-day’s action. All five of them are located in my home State of Florida. In fact, all five of them have mailing addresses in South Florida where I live. Among the properties seized: A U.S.-registered air-craft with the tail number N200VR. It has been identified as block property owned or controlled by PSA Holdings, LLC, controlled by Lopez Bello and by El Aissami, with funds that were able to get by conducting prohibited trans-actions dealing with drug traffickers. It is an outrage that the Vice Presi-dent of a country in our hemisphere not only is a narcotrafficker but is also in the business of selling passports and travel documents to people with links to terrorism. For years now, I have been talking about how Venezuelan regime officials were committing crimes in Venezuela, stealing from the people of Venezuela, and then they spend their riches living in the lap of luxury in my hometown of Miami. These announcements today further confirmed how true this is and the extent to which corrupt regime of-ficials have been allowed to freely trav-el and prance around free U.S. soil with impunity. I am hopeful this is only the begin-ning of the sanctions today, to make sure the Maduro regime feels pressured to cease its illicit activities, to free all of its political prisoners, to tolerate dissent, and respect the will of the Venezuelan people who voted to aban-don the disastrous past of Chavez and Maduro. I am hopeful this is only the begin-ning of making sure the Maduro regime feels pressure to cease its illicit activi-ties and everything it is doing that has placed Venezuela on this disastrous path. We in this country are a blessed peo-ple, to have a vibrant democracy that serves as an example to the world. With those blessings come the respon-sibility of speaking out when we see others yearning to be free but re-pressed by their government. In recent years, this body, the Senate, has spo-ken unanimously in support of the Venezuelan people’s aspirations, and we have spoken unanimously against the Maduro regime’s brutality. Today I come to the Senate to renew that support. To Leopoldo Lopez, all of Venezuela’s political prisoners, and all in Venezuela who are fighting for a bet-ter life, we stand with you, and we will continue doing everything in our power to make sure your cause is supported by this Congress and by this adminis-tration. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TIM TEBOW Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, finally, on a separate topic, I did want to take this moment to recognize someone I am proud to represent in the Senate. He is a fellow Floridian and a con-stituent by the name of Tim Tebow. By now, a lot of people know I am proud to be a University of Florida alum. So as a proud Gator fan, I have been rooting for Tim Tebow since he first stepped foot on campus in 2006. He went on to win two national championships, becoming the first sophomore to win the Heisman Trophy, and in the process he rewrote the record books. When I was the Speaker of the Florida House of Representa-tives, we hosted the Gators champion-ship team. One of my favorite memo-ries of my time in State government was catching a pass from Tim Tebow— No. 15—on the floor of the Florida House. It was not a great pass, but I caught it. The rules are a little dif-ferent in the Senate. I wish it were OK to throw passes in here, but it was a great pleasure to be able to do that. From the moment Tim arrived in Gainesville, we football fans saw that he was as good as advertised on the field, but we also started learning that as good a football player as he is, he is an even more extraordinary human being off the field. He is a man to much has been given, whether it was the chance to be born to two great parents, an incredible sup-port network, and of course God. He has been given much, and he has given back even more. We saw this once again this past Friday, when the Tim Tebow Foundation held its Night to Shine Initiative, an annual prom for special needs students from all over the world. All told, 375 churches participated as Night to Shine hosts in all 50 States, 11 countries, and on 6 continents. There were 150,000 volunteers, and 75,000 spe-cial needs students were the guests of honor at events across the world. I en-courage those of you here today or watching this or watching this in the future to Google search Night to Shine, to visit Tim Tebow’s Facebook page, or to see the hashtag ‘‘Night to Shine’’ on Twitter. There you will see all of the photos that have been shared from Fri-day night’s events. You will see 75,000 young people with special needs having the time of their lives. You will see volunteers and teachers and especially parents overcome with joy and emotion at the sight of their children feeling as loved, as important, and as special as each and every one of them truly is. Personally, I was very moved. So I wanted to take a few minutes this evening to recognize Tim Tebow, the Tebow Foundation, the churches and the volunteers who participated, and all of the incredible students and par-ents who inspire us every day. I know I speak on behalf of the entire Gator Nation—I should say the entire State of Florida—in saying that we are proud of Tim. We are even prouder of all he has done and continues to do. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 8:20 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, February 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate February 13, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
STEVEN T. MNUCHIN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
DAVID J. SHULKIN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.060 S13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE175 February 13, 2017 
HONORING JONATHAN R. ELAM 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Jonathan (Jon) Elam on the oc-casion of his retirement as General Manager of Tamalpais Community Services District (TCSD) after twelve years of stellar service. Starting in 2005, after a professional career in public works and city management, Mr. Elam was hired as General Manager of TCSD, where he served the residents of Tamalpais Valley and Marin County at large with distinc-tion for a dozen years. Under his leadership as General Manager, he reinvigorated the refuse collection program and created numerous new programs, includ-ing food waste collection and popular collec-tion programs such as e-waste, batteries, printer ink cartridges, eyeglasses and medical disposal, as well as two paper shredding days per year for the TCSD service area. From up-grading park and recreation facilities, to install-ing new fire safe efforts, to working to ensure our agencies are compliant with EPA regula-tions, Mr. Elam established a productive track record for getting things done. Mr. Elam’s commitment to environmental stewardship has been a common thread throughout his work and volunteer service. Not only did Mr. Elam serve as the Delegate for the California Climate Registry to the United Nations climate meetings, but he also has par-ticipated in a variety of local organizations, in-cluding the Carbon Cycle Institute, the San Anselmo Bike & Pedestrian Advisory Com-mittee, and the Marin County Solid Waste JPA Advisory Council. He also served in a number of volunteer roles in the community including his recent role as the president of the Marin Conservation League. Mr. Elam’s professional and civic contribu-tions leave a lasting and positive legacy that will continue to benefit the local residents and regions for years to come. He is a true envi-ronmentalist, and I’m sure he will continue to fight the good fight in retirement. Please join me in congratulating Mr. Elam on his retirement and expressing our deep ap-preciation for his long and exceptional career and outstanding civic engagement. 
f 
HONORING FRANK LUCIA’S 107TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JOSH GOTTHEIMER 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish a very happy birthday to Frank Lucia, a treasured member of our North Jer-sey community. Frank recently celebrated his 107th birthday, a tremendous milestone in a very special life. Frank is an outstanding father and a true blessing to our Demarest commu-nity. I am sure he and his family had a won-derful time celebrating, dancing, and singing in Italian. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Frank and wishing him many more years of good health and happi-ness. f 
IN HONOR OF MR. GARY SCHNEIDERS 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable teacher and citizen from Waterloo, Iowa. Mr. Gary Schneiders has taught History, Social Studies, and Economics at Waterloo Columbus Catholic High School for 39 years. Over those 39 years, Mr. Schnei-ders has made an enormous impact on the lives of his students and members of the com-munity. Mr. Schneiders’s devotion goes beyond the classroom with his annual trip to the hallowed ground of Europe’s battlefields. This trip is no European vacation. Students walk the trench-es of the Western Front, and explore battle-fields with a twelve mile hike one day and twenty mile bike-ride another day. Prior to their departure, students are given reading as-signments and must complete a 20 page essay. While in Europe, the students have nightly homework assignments. This annual trip is highly anticipated and one that many Waterloo Columbus students work toward their entire high school career. The itinerary also includes visits to several American cemeteries and memorials honoring our fallen heroes, and a wreath-laying cere-mony at the Meuse-Argonne American Ceme-tery. On the final day, the students visit the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial where they clean the grave markers, plant an American Flag, and lay a rose on the grave of every Iowan. At the end of the day, students lay their final wreath of the trip at Normandy as Taps sounds in the background. Upon their return to Iowa, the students give presentations to their families, fellow students, and residents of Waterloo and Cedar Falls; with a special invitation extended to the local Veteran community. Over the past 39 years, Mr. Schneiders has shown his students what cannot be taught in a classroom—the meaning of sacrifice and love of country. Today, we honor his devotion that extends far beyond the classroom and helps to ensure the preservation of American values for generations to come. IN RECOGNITION OF SHEILA STEPHENS’ RETIREMENT HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sheila Stephens, who is retiring from public service after 44 years with the City of Keller. Ms. Stephens started working for the city in 1972 as an assistant to the Water De-partment Manager. At that time, there were only 1,500 residents and 25 people employed by the city. She was appointed by the city council to be city secretary in 1977. During her 39 years in the position, Ms. Stephens dem-onstrated a level of professionalism and ex-pertise in municipal government that she has exhibited with colleagues in the City of Keller as well as in other municipalities. During her tenure, the City of Keller’s popu-lation has grown to over 44,000 people and city staff has expanded to 300 people to serve the needs of the community. In her almost four decades with the city, Ms. Stephens su-pervised 76 elections, recorded countless meetings, documented 2,900 deaths and 100 births in addition to fulfilling 2,960 open records requests. She has faithfully served under 12 mayors and 12 city managers pro-viding needed continuity and depth. Current Keller Mayor Mark Matthews declared Decem-ber 30, 2016 as ‘‘Sheila Stephens Day’’ to thank Sheila for the hard work and time she dedicated to her community. I would like to express my appreciation for the 44 years of exemplary service Sheila Ste-phens gave to our community and extend best wishes upon her retirement. It is my privilege to represent the residents of Keller in the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REV. LEE WON SANG 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to honor the life of Rev-erend Lee Won Sang, a Pastor Emeritus of the Korean Central Presbyterian Church in Vir-ginia’s 10th District. Throughout his life, Rev. Lee was a respected leader in the community, served with admiral purpose, and placed a strong importance on education. Rev. Lee was born in Manchuria, China in 1937. He began his higher education and path to service by earning a bachelor’s degree in Theology from Keimyung University and a master’s degree in Theology from Kyungbuk University. In the early 1970s, he moved to the United States to further his education, where he attended the Dallas Theological Seminary to study the Old Testament. After 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13FE8.001 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE176 February 13, 2017 
graduating from that program, he started work-ing for the Korean Central Presbyterian Church, but also was pursuing a Doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania. After retir-ing, he went on to receive a Ph.D. from the University of Wales in the U.K. at the age of 72, a true testament to the importance Rev. Lee placed on continuous education and growth. Outside of his education, Rev. Lee is known for his 23 years of work and leadership at the Korean Central Presbyterian Church in Cen-treville, Virginia where I have frequently vis-ited. The congregation has grown to almost 9,000 members at its main location, many of whom are my 10th District constituents. In ad-dition to his work at the Korean Central Pres-byterian Church, Rev. Lee took on many other projects to advance the church globally and help within his community. He founded the Central Missionary Fellowship (CMF) in 1988, which later evolved into SEED International, an organization which helped establish 12 overseas missionary groups. SEED Inter-national was the first Korean Missionary orga-nization to become a member of the Mission NEXUS organization. Additionally, Rev. Lee founded Prassion, which is a SEED Inter-national affiliate and independent mission or-ganization focused on prayer movement na-tionally and internationally. In Washington, D.C., Rev. Lee helped es-tablish the Washington Youth Foundation and even was afforded the opportunity to lead the opening prayer for the 107th U.S. Congress on October 10, 2002. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Rev. Lee’s years of community service. Today, we honor and cele-brate the contributions the Reverend has made not just within the 10th District, but on a global level. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE WONDERFUL COMPANY 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and am joined by Mr. M
CCARTHY and Mr. C
OSTA of California, to commend The Wonder-ful Company for receiving the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation’s 2016 Corporate Citizenship Award for Best Community Im-provement Program. The Best Community Improvement Program Award honors businesses for the many ways they influence and enhance local communities. Companies from around the world compete for this award, making it an extraordinary ac-knowledgment of outstanding corporate social responsibility. The Wonderful Company was presented with the esteemed 2016 U.S. Chamber Foundation Corporate Citizenship Award for Best Community Improvement Pro-gram. Since 1979, The Wonderful Company has quickly grown and become known worldwide for its almonds, bottled water, citrus fruits, flower bouquets, pistachios, pomegranates, and wines. However, its legacy does not stop there. Investing nearly $200 million in edu-cation, environmental technologies and sus-tainability research, and health and wellness programs, The Wonderful Company has an extensive history of philanthropy and commu-nity involvement. The Seventeenth Annual Chamber of Com-merce Corporate Citizenship Awards recog-nized The Wonderful Company for its work in Lost Hills, California, home of the company’s largest pistachio plant, which serves as the economic backbone of the local community. In fact, more than fifty percent of households in Lost Hills have family members who work at the Wonderful Pistachio plant. Always com-mitted to the wellbeing of the local community, The Wonderful Company has made significant investments in Lost Hills, investing more than $15 million in transportation and infrastructure projects, such as roads and sidewalks, bus shelters, storm drains, and streetlights. It has also rejuvenated the community park with two community centers, two soccer fields, volleyball and basketball courts, playgrounds, and a broad range of community activities and events. The Wonderful Company has also helped build affordable housing, assisted with financing and construction of the town’s first sit-down restaurant, and recently received ap-proval from the Kern County Board of Edu-cation to open a charter school in the commu-nity next fall. This prestigious honor recognizes the hard work and significant investment made by Mr. and Mrs. Stewart and Lynda Resnick, owners of The Wonderful Company. They have dedi-cated their lives not only to growing a suc-cessful and sustainable business, but to im-proving the lives of so many across the globe, especially those in the communities The Won-derful Company calls home. Mr. Speaker, we ask our colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join us in congratulating The Wonderful Com-pany for receiving the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce Foundation’s 2016 Corporate Citizen-ship Award for Best Community Improvement Program. The Wonderful Company’s altruistic leadership provides an exceptional example of corporate responsibility and we look forward to their future initiatives that continue to make the world a better place, one community at a time. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PETER VINCENT BELEZZUOLI 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague Mr. V
ALADAO , to honor the life and achievements of Peter Vincent Belezzuoli. Peter passed away on December 15 at the age of 61. He will be remembered as a wonderful husband, father, grandfather, auctioneer, dairyman, and friend to all who knew him. Peter was born on August 22, 1955 in Tulare, California to Pete and Louise Belezzuoli. In 1959, the Belezzuolis moved to Hanford, California after his father purchased Overland Stockyard. From a young age, Peter worked with his father to learn all aspects of the cattle business. He graduated from Han-ford High School in 1973. During his years at Hanford High he was a member of 4–H and FFA, in addition to playing on the basketball team. It was his father’s business partner Hoke Evetts that taught him the art of auctioneering. Following high school, Peter at-tended College of the Sequoias and graduated from Missouri Auction School as a Colonel in 1974. Peter took over his father’s role at Overland Stockyard following Pete’s sudden death in 1983. Peter continued his father’s legacy through the passion he put into his work each and every day. Peter became very well known in the dairy cattle, and beef cattle sales indus-try both locally and throughout the country. He was an innovative businessman, utilizing inter-net video auction capabilities, allowing buyers from all over the country to participate in auc-tions held in Hanford. Peter had a number of hobbies that brought him joy. In his spare time he enjoyed visiting his home in Shell Beach, riding his pontoon boat through Shaver Lake and barbecuing for his many family and friends. Peter enjoyed giving back to the community he loved so dearly. He frequently used his tal-ents as a skilled auctioneer for local charity groups, including the Kings County Fair and the Fresno Fair. He was also a lifelong mem-ber of St. Brigid Catholic Church in Hanford. Peter is survived by his wife of 35 years, Lisa and their children Julie, Daniel and Doug-las, their spouses and three grandsons, Bryson, Korban and Peter. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join Mr. VALADAO and myself in honoring the life of Mr. Peter Belezzuoli. He will be remem-bered as a man of great character, who val-ued his family above all else. His presence in the San Joaquin Valley and in the local dairy community will truly be missed. We join his family in honoring his life, service to his com-munity and tremendous legacy he leaves be-hind. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE VINE-YARD AND WINERY AT LOST CREEK 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and commend my constituents, Todd and Aimee Henkle, on their victory in the 2017 San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competi-tion. This win not only speaks to the hard work, entrepreneurship and expertise of Todd and Aimee Henkle, but also the growing and transforming Virginia wine industry. In 1998 the two visited Bordeaux, France for their honeymoon, where they decided that one day they wanted to own their very own winery and vineyard. In 2007, corporate jobs brought them to northern Virginia, and they quickly be-came very impressed with what DC’s Wine County had to offer. In 2012, they had an op-portunity to buy a plot of land in Leesburg, be-tween Route 15 and the Potomac River, from an old vineyard owner, and with Todd’s busi-ness background and Aimee’s passion for wine, The Vineyard and Winery at Lost Creek was born. Since opening five years ago, their hard work has certainly come to fruition. They have been recognized nationally and most recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.001 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE177 February 13, 2017 
have won the Best in Class in the chardonnays priced between $26 and $29.99 category with their wine, Lost Creek Reserve Chardonnay. In today’s society, family owned small busi-nesses are crucial to the future of our nation and my constituents in the 10th District are proud they call Loudoun County their home. It is families like the Henkles that help foster strong, local economies by establishing suc-cessful business practices that can be carried out for multiple generations. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Todd and Aimee Henkle on their great accomplishment and successful small business. I wish Todd, Aimee, and their chil-dren, Evan and Ryan, the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KITTY MOON EMERY 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, there are those who live their lives with distinct intentionality. They have the ability to inspire their communities by bringing innovation and change in their relentless pursuit to make the world a better place. They use their creativity to bring beauty and encourage leaders to reach their fullest potentials. I am saddened by the loss of my friend, Kitty Moon Emery. I was fortunate to have met her early in my ca-reer and always appreciated her advice and counsel as she was one of those special lead-ers. Kitty was a Nashville native who had an en-dearing love for Tennessee and our country. She worked as one of only two female press secretaries in the Senate under Senator Bill Brock. She later went on to become the As-sistant National Director of Advertising for the presidential campaign of Ronald Reagan. Kitty was eventually appointed by Secretary Henry Kissinger to a United Nations Advisory Com-mittee. In these spheres she broke many bar-riers by filling positions that were not tradition-ally held by women. Kitty was a treasured advisor to many. She served as the chairman for the Metro Sports Authority and played a vital role by serving on many boards including the Country Music As-sociation, the CMA Foundation, the Rotary Club of Nashville, and Leadership Music. More recently she founded the consulting firm Kitty Moon Enterprises to support leaders in the Middle Tennessee Region. Kitty’s presence in Nashville will be deeply missed. Her love and devotion to community brought people together and made Tennessee a much better place to live. I rise today to cel-ebrate her lasting achievements and ask my colleagues to join with me in honoring her life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FANNIN COUNTY PUBLIC LIBRARY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Fannin County Public Library and to commend its Food for Fines program. The Fannin County Public Li-brary started this initiative a decade ago, and this year’s program runs through the end of the month. Food for Fines is a smart, creative way to give back to the community. It allows individuals with overdue fines to donate non- perishable food items in lieu of a fee. For every food item donated, the library forgives one dollar of fines. All of the donations from this food drive will go to support the Fannin County Family Con-nection. The program benefits individuals in need and library patrons alike. Last year the li-brary estimated that it collected nearly $500 worth of non-perishable food items. Over the years, it has become commonplace for those who donate to do so in excess of their fine out of support for this community cause. Mr. Speaker, the ongoing success of this program speaks to the investment that the Fannin County Public Library staff and library patrons have made in their community. It is a privilege to represent such civic-minded indi-viduals and to recognize their service to their neighbors. The Fannin County Public Library’s Food for Fines program is an example of the inclusive service I see throughout Northeast Georgia. f 
IN HONOR OF THE HILLSBORO TOWN EXPANSION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge my constituent, the Honorable Roger Vance, Mayor of the Town of Hillsboro, Vice Mayor Steve Morgart, Council Member at Large John Dean, Council Member at Large Joseph Gertig, Council Member at Large Amy Newton Marasco, Council Member at Large Matt Parse, and the Town Clerk, Sherry Vance on their historic boundary line expan-sion. Not only did this expansion triple the town’s size from 55 to 171 acres and increase the population from 80 to 115 residents, but it also created more economic opportunity, im-proved walkability, and added businesses and neighbors that have long considered them-selves residents of Hillsboro. Hillsboro, located in Western Loudoun County, was first settled in the mid-1750s by a small group of Quakers as a milling town. Given the town’s location and its position on the Short Hill Mountain formed by the North Fork of Catoctin Creek, the small group of houses and mills became known as the Gap, a term still widely used today. After many years of growth and development, the Gap be-came an incorporated town in 1802 called Hillsborough. Many years later in 1893, the name was shortened to Hillsboro. Thanks to the work of Mayor Vance and the Town Council, today Hillsboro is among the best-preserved rural towns in the country, and with this successful expansion the town will be able to expand and improve the historic area. This improvement, along with the town’s ongo-ing initiatives to increase economic oppor-tunity, will help build a sustainable future for Loudoun County (careful we have other rural towns in Loudoun). Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the Town of Hillsboro, Mayor Roger Vance, Vice Mayor Steve Morgart, Council Member at Large John Dean, Council Member at Large Joseph Gertig, Council Member at Large Amy Newton Marasco, Council Member at Large Matt Parse, and the Town Clerk, Sherry Vance on the historic boundary line expansion. Today, we honor and celebrate the town’s history as one of Loudoun County’s most important as-sets. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS AND PUB-LIC DEFENDER SERVICE VOL-UNTARY SEPARATION INCEN-TIVE PAYMENTS ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Courts and Pub-lic Defender Service Voluntary Separation In-centive Payments Act. The bill, which passed the House in the 114th Congress, would make a small but important change to the authorities of the District of Columbia Courts (D.C. Courts) and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia (PDS), placing these entities in the same position as their federal counterparts for more effective management and operation. The bill would give the D.C. Courts and PDS the same authority federal agencies and federal courts already have to offer voluntary separation incentive payments, or buyouts, to their employees. The fiscal year 2016 omnibus bill already gives D.C. Courts buyout authority, but my bill would make this authorization per-manent, and would extend it to PDS in addi-tion to the D.C. Courts. Buyouts would allow the D.C. Courts and PDS to respond to future administrative and budget needs, and would provide the flexibility to extend buyout offers to their employees. The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) has determined that voluntary separa-tion incentive payments may be made only where statutorily authorized. Federal agencies and federal courts already have the statutory authority to offer buyouts, and PDS and the D.C. Courts need the same express authority in order to manage their workforce as budget conditions and needs change. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant legislation. 
f 
IMPORTANCE OF A U.S.-U.K. TRADE DEAL 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this past summer British citizens chose to reclaim their independence. In a landmark referendum they decided to leave the European Union and take charge of their economic future. Now, in the wake of Brexit, it is important that we pre-serve, as Winston Churchill first put it in 1946, the special relationship between the U.S. and the U.K. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.004 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE178 February 13, 2017 
Our two nations are bound together by a shared history, a common language, and a friendship that reaches back hundreds of years. Now our two countries got off to a rough start. The Crown opposed our inde-pendence and then burned the Capitol and the White House in the War of 1812. But Great Britain is not only our oldest enemy but our oldest ally. For over two hundred years our two countries have partnered together to pre-serve peace and security. From the trenches of WWI to the mountains of Afghanistan, our men and women have spilt blood together on the battlefield. Our relationship is deep and special. A trade deal represents yet another oppor-tunity to deepen our relationship. The previous Administration threatened to put the U.K. ‘‘at the back of the queue’’ for a trade deal. But that kind of snub to our greatest ally is exactly the opposite of what we should be doing. A bilateral agreement will enhance the flow of commerce and boost the welfare of our economies. Trade deals that do not help the United States are things of the past. A bilat-eral trade agreement can be in both our inter-ests. The U.K. shares many values and business practices with the U.S. Our similarities will help ensure a smooth negotiation process as neither side will be forced into making hard concessions. For example, because Britain’s workers are paid at about the same rate as Americans, we do not have to worry about American manufacturers moving factories to the English countryside. Jobs will not be sent overseas. We will be able to streamline regu-lations and reduce barriers to trade. That means more consumers for U.S. goods. Our two countries already enjoy close economic ties. No country receives more investment from Britain than the United States. And the United States is the largest investor in the United Kingdom. In my home state of Texas, the U.K. is the number one foreign direct investor. It sends over $2.5 billion dollars a year into the Texas economy. This investment has helped to bring more than 87,000 jobs to hardworking Texans. Texas is a great place to do business. The British people see that. But these kinds of gains are not limited to Texas alone. Every day over a million Americans go to work for British companies based in the U.S. It is crit-ical that we turn our backs on trade. Houston is dependent on the free flow of goods. Over 50 percent of the city’s economy is based on the Port of Houston. But that does not mean the United States has to give away the farm to get a trade deal done. We can have free and fair trade. We can level the playing field for American businesses, give American goods better access to consumers around the world, and increase American jobs. The new Administration has expressed its preference for bilateral deals over more cum-bersome multilateral agreements. A bilateral deal with the U.K. is a great place to start. Once the U.K. is able to throw off the shackles of the EU’s restrictive trade policies, there will be better opportunities for job growth and in-vestment. A free trade deal between the United King-dom and the United States will be an impor-tant symbol of our dedication to promoting economic freedom. Together we can come up with the gold standard of trade deals. This deal could serve as a model for future deals or maybe even opened up for other nations to join. The geopolitical effects of a trade deal may be just as important as the deal itself. This deal can send a message to those opposed to our shared values of freedom and liberty that the United States and the United Kingdom are standing strong together. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF VED VENGSARKER ACHIEVING A PER-FECT SCORE ON THE AMERICAN COLLEGE TEST 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Briar Woods High School’s very own Ved Vengsarker on achieving a perfect score on the American College Test (ACT)— a respected college admissions test in the United States. Ved, now a high school junior, began studying diligently last summer in prep-aration, reviewing his ACT books during the week and taking several practice tests each weekend. His perfect score is not only a testa-ment to his hard work and dedication, but also the exemplary teachers and faculty at Briar Woods High School located in Ashburn, Vir-ginia who helped cultivate Ved’s intellectual in-trigue. Each year less than one-tenth of a percent of the ACT test-taking population receive a perfect score. Ved is a self-driven individual who understands the need to prepare early and continue practicing until you achieve your goal. It is young, hardworking students like Ved who will help Loudoun County, Virginia’s 10th District, and even the United States grow tremendously in the future. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Ved Vengsarker for achieving a perfect score on the ACT test. It is a privilege to represent him, and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF BOBBIE SUMMERS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALFIORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Bobbie Summers for her out-standing work with the Social Security Admin-istration (SSA) and to congratulate her on her retirement after 40 years of dedicated service. Bobbie began her career with the Social Se-curity Administration in 1976. She was hired for a Claims Representative position in Han-ford through the outstanding Scholar Program. After her time in Hanford, Bobbie worked as a Claims Representative in Southeast Fresno, West Fresno, Fresno Downtown and as Oper-ations Supervisor for the Madera SSA office. In 1984, Bobbie was promoted to an Oper-ations Supervisor position in the Fresno SSA office. In 1990, she was promoted to Branch Manager in Carmel. Bobbie returned to Fresno in 1993 as an Operations Supervisor. In 2003, Bobbie was accepted for the Regional Leader-ship Development Program where she worked in the SSA Office of Public Service and Oper-ations Support on the SDW ramp up initiative. In 2004, she was promoted to Assistant Dis-trict Manager in the Fresno office, and later that year, she accepted a yearlong detail to the SSA Office of Public Service and Oper-ations Support where she worked on the cross program recovery project. Bobbie was pro-moted to Level 1 District Manager position in the Southeast Fresno SSA office in 2005 where she served until 2008. In 2008, she was given a detail in the SSA Central Office to assist with the transition for the newly formed SSA Office of Disability Determinations Division. She returned to her Level 1 District Manager position in 2009. Bobbie’s ongoing hard work and dedication resulted in many awards throughout the years. Some of the awards she received are: The Commissioner’s Citation, Deputy Commis-sioner’s Citation, Regional Citation and Com-missioner’s Team Award. In is with great pleasure that I applaud Bob-bie Summers for her many years of tireless work on behalf of the United States govern-ment. Mr. Speaker, it should be noted that in addi-tion to her countless gifts to the Social Secu-rity Administration and our community, Bobbie has been a true champion for my constituents. In my office, a majority of our constituent casework involves the Social Security Admin-istration. These are sensitive cases that can sometimes take a great deal of time to re-solve. One member of my Fresno staff, Ms. Kelly Gill has worked closely with Bobbie Summers on Social Security issues for over twenty years and proudly recollects Bobbie al-ways being available to discuss cases and work together on issues of concern. I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the commitment, dedication and success of Bob-bie Summers and wish her well as she em-barks on new endeavors. f 
HONORING COWGIRL CREAMERY 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Cowgirl Creamery and its founders, Sue Conley and Peggy Smith, in honor of the 20th anniversary of this artisan cheese com-pany, which has over the past two decades been a leader in the evolution of the local, state, and national artisan cheese market. Opened in 1997, the idea of Cowgirl Cream-ery began years earlier when Sue and Peggy, each with twenty years of culinary experience, settled in Point Reyes Station in West Marin, California. Inspired by local agricultural matri-arch Ellen Straus and her son, Albert Straus, who established organic milk producers west of the Mississippi, Sue and Peggy decided to combine their culinary expertise and environ-mental stewardship ethos to create an artisan cheesemaking business. Several years after purchasing a barn in downtown Point Reyes Station, and after renovating, restoring, and acquiring the permits to open Tomales Bay Foods as a distribution company, Cowgirl Creamery was opened. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.009 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE179 February 13, 2017 
Over the next twenty years, Cowgirl Cream-ery became an organic-certified creamery known for its award-winning cheeses, and its founders became leaders in sustainable food and artisan cheese movement in the North Bay. With over ten different types of cheeses produced from milk from neighboring dairies and two creameries with a staff of nearly 100, the company is still growing its business and influence in the region. At the time of its open-ing, there were few cheese companies in Marin and Sonoma. Today, the West Marin re-gion is considered a dairy and cheese appella-tion, and the region’s artisan cheese industry has bloomed thanks in large part to the suc-cess of Cowgirl Creamery. There are 28 cheesemakers in the region and more in the making, and the Marin-Sonoma Cheese Trail boasts a large following. Not only did the founders of Cowgirl Cream-ery serve as advocates and mentors for local agriculture and cheese producers, they en-gaged with non-profit organizations supporting sustainable agriculture and with government officials to advance the interests and growth in the environmentally-responsible food move-ment. Sue served on the board of Marin Agri-cultural Land Trust for 18 years and is on the board of the California Artisan Cheese Guild. Peggy serves as President of the American Cheese Society, a national platform that pro-vides educational resources for other cheesemakers, retailers, distributors and cheese enthusiasts. Inducted into the Guilde des Fromagers in 2010, Cowgirl Creamery has earned the re-spect of international cheese experts in addi-tion to their robust reputations in the regional and national artisan cheese marketplace. From producers to consumers, Cowgirl Creamery occupies an unparalleled space in its influence on artisan cheesemaking world-wide. Mr. Speaker, on the occasion of their 20th Anniversary it is fitting to honor and thank Peggy, Sue, and Cowgirl Creamery for their impressive success and generosity, and to wish them success in the decades to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BEACON HILL VILLAGES ON THEIR 15TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 15th Anniversary of Beacon Hill Village in Boston. It’s an anniversary with significance for the whole Nation and they are to be congratulated on reaching this special milestone. Mr. Speaker, Beacon Hill Village was cre-ated by, and for, neighbors determined, as they aged, to continue to thrive and grow in the neighborhood they loved. There was no ready model. A core goal of Beacon Hill Vil-lage members was keeping independent. There isn’t much choice about growing old, but there are choices about where and how to do so. A little help with the ordinary business of living is always welcome, yet Beacon Hill Village’s philosophy was from the start all about choice: its members are quite capable of figuring out what they need and when. But the revolution in aging our nation is ex-periencing also presented an extraordinary op-portunity beyond better managing daily life. Most of our nation’s elders will live many years after retirement: Their goals for those years are to be productive, engaged and open to new people, new experiences, and new ideas. Its members quickly and clearly under-stood how Beacon Hill Village could advance those goals. Almost from the start, word of Beacon Hill Village’s success serving its own members spread. More and more communities, from near and far, were soon flooding Beacon Hill Village with requests for help in creating vil-lages of their own. In response, just a few years after it opened in 2002, Beacon Hill Vil-lage was the chief force behind the creation of the Village to Village Network, dedicated to helping communities everywhere design their own villages reflecting local needs and using local resources. Today that Network has more than 350 open and developing villages serving members numbering over 40,000. These vil-lages are all across the nation, in 45 states and the District of Columbia, and in six coun-tries abroad. Mr. Speaker, I am convinced, that the best days of Beacon Hill Village, the Village to Vil-lage Network and the villages of the nation, are still ahead of them. Their message is sim-ple, forceful and optimistic: aging should be to each individual’s own design. No one, as they age, should be told where to go or how to live. Villages can help their members take respon-sibility for their own aging and make choices resulting in vibrant, purposeful lives lived on their own terms, in their own homes and com-munities. With this message the village move-ment is changing how elders experience aging and how our society perceives aging. Every American benefits from these changes. On February 13th in Boston, Dr. Atul Gawande, whose celebrated 2014 book Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End continues to sustain a lively national conversa-tion about living well and ending well in old age, will speak at a public forum to salute and conclude Beacon Hill Village’s fifteenth-year celebrations. Being Mortal has generous things to say about how Beacon Hill Village and villages inspired by it provide a valuable model for such living and ending well. Dr. Gawande’s remarks will be simulcast nation-ally to more than 150 villages where more than 5000 will participate remotely in the cele-bration. One of the great issues worldwide today is how to support and care for aging populations. By 2030, twenty percent of our nation’s popu-lation will be over 65, an estimated 83 million people. The numbers are even larger in many countries around the world. The Village con-cept and Dr. Gawande’s profound under-standing of the importance of community and choice offer valuable insights and solutions for this challenging phenomenon. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of the positive impact that the village movement has had on the experience of aging, I ask that my col-leagues join me in saluting Beacon Hill Village and villages throughout the nation by desig-nating Monday, February 13, 2017 as National Villages Day. IN HONOR OF LIZ THOMAS HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Liz Thomas, a smart and savvy businessperson, a wonderful friend and some-one who always supports organizations and causes near and dear to her heart. On Saturday, February 11, 2017, Liz’s friends, family and colleagues will gather to-gether to celebrate at the Hearts of Gold Sa-maritan Gala and to honor her as she receives the Samaritan Healthcare and Hospice Circle of Excellence Award. Ms. Thomas began her communications ca-reer in the press office of New Jersey Gov-ernor Thomas Kean. Then, she moved on to serve as Deputy Director of the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism. In 1989, she opened her first public relations firm and she has been working hard in that field ever since. In her professional capacity as co-founder and CEO of Thomas/Boyd, Ms. Thomas is fre-quently called upon to use her extensive knowledge of communications, government re-lations and event management to ensure that businesses, non-profit organizations, profes-sional societies and service companies have successful events and communication cam-paigns throughout the area. Ms. Thomas has received numerous honors and recognitions throughout her professional career. She was named a Person to Watch by SJ Magazine and was a member of NJBiz’s inaugural class of Best 50 Women in Busi-ness. In addition to her professional accomplish-ments, Ms. Thomas is proud to lend her name, time and talents to a variety of organi-zations throughout the area and is the Vice Chair of New Jersey Public Media, the Chair of the Samaritan Healthcare and Hospice’s Board of Trustees, and Vice Chair of the New Jersey Governor’s Women’s Conference. She is also a member of many great organizations, such as the Salvation Army Kroc Community Center Capital Campaign and the New Jersey Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve. It is all altogether fitting that we congratulate Liz Thomas on receiving the Samaritan Healthcare and Hospice Circle of Excellence Award and thank her for her contributions to the State of New Jersey and the many organi-zations that she devotes so much of her time and talent. Ms. Thomas continues to give back to her community both personally and profes-sionally and I wish her continued success in all her endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SHORT HILL HISTORICAL SOCIETY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize my constituents of the Short Hill Historical Society, formerly the Hillsboro Community Association (HCA), for their pres-ervation and restoration efforts in one of the oldest, historic cities in Virginia’s 10th Dis-trict—Hillsboro, Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13FE8.002 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE180 February 13, 2017 
Over 40 years ago, the Old Stone School in Hillsboro was saved from being demolished by the HCA, a non-profit comprised of area resi-dents and alumni. Since 1976, the HCA has made it their mission to preserve and restore the Old Stone School and to identify and re-store other historic landmarks in the Hillsboro area. More recently, the organization began to operate under the name Friends of the Old Stone School, as they placed an even strong-er focus on the landmark building. In 2006, the town government took over full management of the building from the HCA. Now with the school in good hands, the HCA, under the new name, the Short Hill His-torical Society, is planning to expand their res-toration efforts immensely. The group contrib-uted an estimated $15,000 worth of furniture and equipment to the school and also pro-vided over $19,000 for management and oper-ations. This year, the Short Hill Historical Society has planned a plethora of events and concerts to raise money and also garner support for new restoration projects. It is strong, commu-nity-focused groups, like the Short Hill Histor-ical Society, that will help Western Loudoun County retain its rich history, and I look for-ward to their future projects and endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Short Hill Historical Soci-ety for their years of dedication and hard work. I wish them all of the best in their future en-deavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RICHMOND FREE PRESS 
HON. A. DONALD McEACHIN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Richmond Free Press, an inde-pendent, black-owned, weekly newspaper, that recently celebrated their 25th anniversary. The paper was founded by Raymond H. Boone, a former Howard University associate professor and reporter who tirelessly served as editor and publisher until his death in June 2014. The Richmond Free Press serves as a voice for all people and since its inception has altered the media landscape of Richmond, the former Capital of the Confederacy. Their mis-sion is to, ‘‘provide solid, fair-minded news stories and informed opinion to empower its readers to motivate them to take enlightened action on important issues that touch their lives.’’ Positively impacting the community through news stories and editorials, the Richmond Free Press is instrumental in providing honest coverage that has contributed to a guber-natorial pardon on behalf of a man wrongly convicted of a murder charge; and rewriting city code that purged unfair gender references leading to the resignation of a Richmond judge who posted racist comments on the internet. Through the leadership of Mrs. Jean Patter-son Boone, advertising director and wife of the late founder Raymond Boone, the Richmond Free Press is an award-winning publication that has been recognized by the Virginia Press Association, the National Newspaper Publishers Associations, the NAACP and countless other organizations. Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that this rec-ognition come during Black History Month, for the Richmond Free Press does not only chronical history, it has made history for the last 25 years. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL EMPLOYEES PAID PARENTAL LEAVE ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today, I am proud to reintroduce the Federal Employees Paid Parental Leave Act, bipartisan legislation to grant six weeks of paid parental leave to hardworking federal em-ployees. In the Presidential campaign, both can-didates voiced strong support for a workplace that makes sense for hardworking parents. This bipartisan legislation is a great place to start. The federal government is our nation’s larg-est employer, and should be setting the trend for commonsense, family-friendly policies. Paid parental leave would give a boost to the almost two million people who work for the federal government across the country, and would help our government recruit and retain a talented workforce. The growing costs of caring for a new child, the expensive diapers, bottles, baby carriers, they all add up very quickly. The USDA found that in the first two years a new child can cost families an average of nearly $13,000. Paid leave makes sure that families can start out on the right foot, not forcing them into debt, or making devastating choices between caring for a child and the paycheck they need. I am proud that versions of this legislation have passed the House twice before, and urge my colleagues to support this common- sense proposal. 
f 
HONORING MS. DONNA MARIE GLAPION, QUEEN ZULU 2017 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of Ms. Donna Marie Glapion, a native of my hometown of New Orleans, Louisiana. I especially wish to congratulate her on becoming the Queen of the Zulu Social Aid & Pleasure Club for 2017. It is my distinct privilege to recognize her for this accomplishment. Ms. Glapion has been a member of the Zulu Social Aid & Pleasure Club for 15 years. Over the years she has shared her creative talents, having decorated numerous events for Zulu Members, Characters and the organization. She has served as the First Lady of the Mighty Mayor’s Krewe, participated for many years with Zulu’s Toys for Tots program, and has served as Co-Modiste to the Zulu Maids from 2012–2014. In addition to her work with Zulu, Ms. Glapion is dedicated to her family and has been active in her community. She is a proud member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. and for the past seven years she has posi-tively impacted the lives of children in the community through her work as a character school operations manager. From 2009 to 2015, she has worked tirelessly on behalf of the students at James M. Singleton Charter School and since July 2015, hmerved as the Operations Manager at William J. Fischer School. Ms. Glapion is a graduate of McDonogh No. 35 Senior High School and the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, earning a Bachelor’s degree in Mass Communication. She completed post graduate work in lan-guage studies at the Universidad Iberoamericana, in Mexico City, Mexico. Ms. Glapion began her professional career as an Administrative Assistant in the office of the late City Councilwoman Dorothy Mae DeLavallade Taylor and as Operations and Fi-nance Manager for the Mary L. Landrieu for Governor Campaign. Ms. Glapion has served as an Operations Manager in the Corporate Real Estate/Facili-ties Management Department at Whitney Na-tional Bank, and from 2001 to 2005, she was part of a research team at Tulane University School of Medicine as the Administrator of the Hematology/Oncology Section. In closing Mr. Speaker, the hard work and dedication of Ms. Donna Marie Glapion gives us hope and promise for the future of our city and I wish to congratulate Ms. Glapion on her coronation as Queen Zulu and wish her a suc-cessful reign in 2017. f 
IN HONOR OF JOHN S. SEDLAK 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge my constituent, Mr. John S. Sedlak, who will be departing from his position as Technical Advisor in the Office of Commer-cial Vessel Compliance this month after a 20- year career of distinguished public service. Mr. Sedlak has made tremendous contributions to his community and country as both an active duty serviceman in the U.S. Coast Guard and as a civilian employee. Mr. Sedlak graduated from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in 1974, beginning a long ca-reer in active duty service that included as-signments to a Coast Guard Cutter, multiple Marine Safety Offices, and a Staff Engineer position at the Coast Guard Headquarters. After serving as Staff Engineer, Mr. Sedlak earned a degree in Mechanical Engineering at the Naval Post Graduate School of Monterey, California and served his final tour of active duty as the Electrical Branch Chief handling operations at the Coast Guard Marine Safety Center. Following his departure from active duty service, Mr. Sedlak assumed his current posi-tion as Technical Advisor in the Office of Com-mercial Vessel Compliance in 2002. As one of only three Technical Advisors in CVC and an internationally recognized expert in his field, Mr. Sedlak developed national policy in a number of passenger ships and offshore ves-sel areas. While developing these policies, Mr. Sedlak routinely collaborated with other Fed-eral Agencies and represented the Coast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.014 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE181 February 13, 2017 
Guard in international meetings and con-ferences. Mr. Sedlak has been an integral member of the U.S. Coast Guard throughout his career, and his contributions in both active duty serv-ice and as a civilian employee are greatly ap-preciated by all members of the district and community. At this moment, Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in extending our sincerest thanks to Mr. Sedlak for his service to our na-tion and all the work he has done for the CVC. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ROSELYN BAKER 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Roselyn Baker, who passed away January 5, 2017. Roselyn was a won-derful mother, wife and friend, whose pres-ence will be greatly missed. Roselyn was born in Fresno, California in 1926 to Kourken and Varsenig Shabaghlian, both survivors of the Armenian Genocide. The family initially lived in the heart of downtown Fresno before relocating to San Francisco when Roselyn was a young child. There her parents operated several grocery stores. You would frequently find Roselyn by her father’s side at the stores, assisting with deliveries and getting to know the customers. Roselyn attended Girls High School in San Francisco, where her love of classical music was born and fostered by her teachers. Roselyn graduated high school in 1944 and enrolled in San Francisco City College. Roselyn began working in the ladies glove de-partment for Roos Brothers and Ransahoff’s Department Stores in downtown San Fran-cisco. Roselyn met the love of her life George F. Baker, a veteran who was attending the Col-lege of Physicians & Surgeons Dental School on the GI Bill. George and Roselyn were mar-ried in 1947 at St. John’s Armenian Apostolic Church in San Francisco. The couple moved to Fresno, where George would open a dental practice in the Tower District. Roselyn served as the office manager and dental assistant in her husband’s practice. Roselyn was a de-voted mother, frequently serving as a volun-teer teacher’s aide. Roselyn enjoyed reading books and keeping up with current events. She was an avid San Francisco Giants fan, rejoicing when the team finally won the World Series in 2010. Roselyn is survived by her two devoted chil-dren, Dr. Timothy G. Baker and Bethany R. Baker, in addition to family and close friends. Timothy practices dentistry in the same build-ing in the Tower District as his father. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in memorializing the life of Roselyn Baker. HONORING MR. ADONIS CHARLES EXPOSE, KING ZULU 2017 HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of Mr. Adonis Charles Expose, a native of my hometown of New Orleans, Louisiana. I especially wish to congratulate him on becoming the King of the Zulu Social Aid & Pleasure Club for 2017. It is my distinct privilege to recognize him for this accomplishment. Mr. Expose has been a member of the Zulu organization since 2002 and has actively par-ticipated on every level in various leadership capacities. In 2008, he represented the Zulu organization as Mayor of Zululand. He has also had the honor of serving as Parliamen-tarian of the Zulu Social Aid and Pleasure Club, Inc. for six years. In addition to his work with Zulu, Mr. Expose is a dedicated family man and has been active in his community. He is a proud member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. and former board member of Young Audiences, Boys & Girls Clubs of Southeast Louisiana and Heart N Hands, Inc. He has been a member of the Pines Village Neighborhood Association, May-or’s Office Task Force Committee for Blighted Housing and an alumnus of the Committee for a Better New Orleans/Metropolitan Area Com-mittee along with being involved with Forever Our Children, Inc. and the Young Leadership Council. Mr. Expose is a graduate of McDonogh No. 35 Senior High School and the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mass Communications with a minor in English. He earned a Master of Arts degree in Public Administration from Southern University A&M College. He began his profes-sional career at the Housing Authority of New Orleans (HANO) where he served as a Stra-tegic Planning Analyst and was later promoted to Director of Communications for the agency. Currently, he is employed by the Regional Transit Authority (RTA) in the Office of Pro-curement and Contracts. The commitment that Mr. Expose shows to his family and commu-nity is an example to all of us. In closing Mr. Speaker, the hard work and dedication of Mr. Adonis Charles Expose to improving the community gives us hope and promise for the future of our city and I con-gratulate him on his coronation as King Zulu and wish him a successful reign in 2017. 
f 
STANDING FOR A STRONG AND SOVEREIGN MACEDONIA 
HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to un-derscore my support of a strong and sov-ereign Macedonia. The nation of Macedonia has been a critical partner in advancing U.S. national security ef-forts around the world. Furthermore, the Mac-edonian diaspora in the United States has been a critical part of our community and has contributed to the diversity and advancement of our entire nation. As co-chair of the Congressional Macedonia and Macedonian-Americans Caucus and Rep-resentative for Michigan’s 11th district, the Macedonian people in Southeast Michigan are a vibrant and esteemed part of our commu-nity. A sovereign and strong Macedonia and Macedonian people serves to benefit our mu-tual interests and we must support, not under-mine, our important ally. f 
TRIBUTE TO FRAN KAPLAN 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fran Kaplan who has served as a mentor, educator, community leader, social worker, translator, writer, administrator and self-described ‘‘social justice activist’’ for near-ly five decades. Fran Kaplan turned 70 on February 9, 2017 and in her retirement has volunteered hundreds of hours a year serving as coordinator of America’s Black Holocaust Museum’s (ABHM) online presence at www.abhmuseum.org. She helps curate the 2900+ exhibits covering 400 years of African American history, and co-facilitates ABHM’s film/dialogue series, helping Americans under-stand the past in order to heal the present. Fran was born in Lafayette, Indiana and at an early age came to believe that racial/ethnic hatred and power struggles were the principal cause of suffering in the U.S. and around the world. She had experienced the ways that rac-ism distorts the psyches and lives of both vic-tim and victimizer while growing up Jewish in a small Indiana town. Dr. Kaplan was able to participate in a field work placement as a graduate student at the University of Michigan with New Detroit, a black led organization that arose to revive the city after the uprisings in 1971. Fran is a fluent Spanish-speaker and is Jewish and was tasked to conduct anti-racism training and or-ganizing for whites and other non-blacks. Since that internship, she continued to find many opportunities to apply what she learned there. The focus of her life’s work has been the rights of women, children, minorities and the poor, and ensuring access to community resources for marginalized groups. Dr. Kaplan has founded and administered a number of community organizations, among them a wom-en’s health center, a farm worker self-help or-ganization, and a training center for Spanish- speaking early childhood educators. Fran is also a published writer and the producer of award-winning short and feature films. Her co- authored screenplay, Fruit of the Tree, about the life of lynching survivor James Cameron, founder of the ABHM, has won awards in na-tional and regional competitions. The inter-national trainer-consultant for a global par-enting education program, Fran authored and co-produced its Spanish-language videos, books, and games. With Dr. Robert Smith, Dr. Kaplan curated and edited Lynching: An American Folkway, a digital transmedia anthol-ogy distributed by Biblioboard, Inc. to libraries across the country. Fran has been recognized by various orga-nizations in Milwaukee and Wisconsin for pro-moting racial justice and providing leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.018 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE182 February 13, 2017 
in children’s and human rights, but perhaps her finest achievement is being able to do all that while taking part in the growth and devel-opment of several wonderful young people as a mother, foster parent, and ‘‘bubbe’’ (grand-ma). Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Dr. Fran Kaplan on her 70th birthday. She has left a legacy of advocacy and compassion. She is a true trailblazer and my friend for nearly 40 years. And now, Fran has returned to direct anti-racism organizing and education, her first true calling, at ABHM and has finally come home. The citizens of the Fourth Congres-sional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tremendously from her dedicated service. I am honored for these rea-sons to pay tribute to Dr. Fran Kaplan. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Black History Month, also known as African American History Month during this month of February. This is an opportunity to celebrate the countless contributions that African Americans have made to our great nation throughout its history. First recognized in 1926 by Dr. Carter G. Woodson, Black History Month allows us to reflect on the collective strength that diversity continues to bring to our great nation today and the many days to come. New York’s thirteenth congressional district has a rich history that celebrates the contribu-tions of African Americans to New York City, and the legacy of African American history in the United States. The Apollo Theater, opened in 1914, introduced the world to the tran-scendent voice and talent of Ella Fitzgerald, James Brown, and Lauryn Hill. The Audubon Ballroom where the late Mal-colm X (Malcolm el-Hajj Malik el-Shabazz) was assassinated now stands in memoriam to his legacy and is also a venue for community organizing. Even after his passing, in his name the Mal-colm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial and Educational Center has become a landmark for my constituents and visitors alike seeking reflection and enrichment. Known to locals and across the country, Harlem’s famous Sylvia’s Restaurant founded by Sylvia Woods—the Queen of Soulfood—for 55 years stands proudly as a window to the rich culinary history of African Americans throughout the country. These institutions are cultural landmarks that help tell the story of the African American experience that runs throughout communities across the land. During this month of reflection, as a rep-resentative of New York’s 13th district, it is in-cumbent on me to highlight and celebrate the history of my predecessors. That history be-gins with the Honorable Congressman Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. Congressman Powell was the first African-American to represent any dis-trict of New York in the U.S. Congress. First elected in 1944, Congressman Powell served the Harlem community for more than two decades during which he worked tirelessly to raise the minimum wage, supported edu-cation and training for the hearing impaired, bolstered vocational training and endeavored to provide continued aid to elementary and secondary schools and public libraries. His presence as an African-American in the U.S. House of Representatives was not just poignant for symbolisms’ sake. In 1951, Con-gressman Powell rose to become the Chair-man of the House Committee on Education and Labor. For his efforts, President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1966 wrote that Congressman Powell’s record, ‘‘represents the successful re-porting of 49 pieces of bed-rock legislation. And the passage of every one of these bills attests to your ability to get things done.’’ President Johnson continued ‘‘Even now, these laws which you so effectively guided through the House are finding abundant re-ward in the lives of our people.’’ Most striking was his affirmation that ‘‘only with progressive leadership could so much have been accom-plished by one committee in so short a time. I speak for millions of Americans who benefit from these laws when I say that I am truly grateful.’’ Congressman Powell’s example and work to build Harlem (formerly New York 22nd district) and provide opportunities for the African American community remain enshrined today. Most well-known is Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard running through Harlem and the Adam Clayton Powell Jr. State Office Building in Harlem. While these share his name, his contributions reached beyond Harlem. Con-gressman Powell successfully coordinated the merger of Freedman’s Hospital locally in Washington, D.C. with Howard University. Howard University has the largest concentra-tion of black faculty and student scholars in the country and its College of Medicine stands today as a proud institution whose legacy con-tributing to African American society will con-tinue to stand the test of time. To my new colleagues, the Honorable Charles B. Rangel is no stranger to any of you. He has represented Harlem for almost 50 years beginning in the New York State Legis-lature and then in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. In this chamber, Congressman Rangel was a founding member of the Con-gressional Black Caucus. For over 40 years, this esteemed organization has served to ‘‘promote the public welfare through legislation designed to meet the needs of millions of ne-glected citizens.’’ Where Congressman Powell rose to chair the House Committee on Edu-cation and Labor, Congressman Rangel in his own right rose among his peers to chair the House Committee on Ways and Means; where his chairmanship represents the ‘‘most power-ful gavel ever held by an African American in Congress.’’ Congressman Rangel’s place in African American history transcends Harlem and New York City. In 1965 Congressman Rangel joined Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in the histor-ical march from Selma, AL to Montgomery, AL to advance equal civil rights for African Ameri-cans. The poignancy of this grand action over those five days guided a career advocating for nondiscrimination, developing urban neighbor-hoods and protecting veterans like himself from disfranchisement. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have been given the opportunity share with my col-leagues the virtues of African American Herit-age Month and time to celebrate the contribu-tions of African Americans in New York’s 13th Congressional District. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was absent from Roll Call votes 86 and 87 on the evening of February 13, 2017. I would have voted in favor of H.R. 244 which encour-ages the hiring and contributes to the well- being of our veterans, as well as provide com-munity and charitable services supporting the veteran community. Lastly, I would have voted in favor of H.R. 974 which would boost vet-eran employment as the VA would be directed to give preference to organizations that em-ploy a higher percentage of full-time employ-ees when awarding contracts. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 86 and YEA on Roll Call No. 87. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-ruary 14, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED FEBRUARY 15 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To receive a closed briefing on Anti-Ac-cess Area Denial challenges in Europe. SVC–217 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine modernization of the Endangered Spe-cies Act. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine ending mod-ern slavery, focusing on building on success. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.021 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE183 February 13, 2017 
10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine mental health care, focusing on examining treatments and services. SD–138 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security To hold hearings to examine stakeholder perspectives on our multimodal trans-portation system. SR–253 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine stopping senior scams, focusing on developments in financial fraud affecting seniors. SD–562 2:45 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine government operations susceptible to waste, fraud, and mismanagement. SD–342 FEBRUARY 16 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine reshaping the United States military. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. SD–215 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador to Israel, Depart-ment of State. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Andrew F. Puzder, of Tennessee, to be Secretary of Labor. SD–430 Committee on Rules and Administration Organizational business meeting to con-sider committee rules, an original reso-lution authorizing expenditures by the Committee during the 115th Congress, and the omnibus budget resolution for Senate Committees. SR–301 10:30 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security To hold hearings to examine stakeholder perspectives on improving the Trans-portation Security Administration for the security of the traveling public. SR–253 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:45 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine democracy and human rights, focusing on the case for United States leadership. SD–419 FEBRUARY 28 2 p.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans. SD–G50 MARCH 1 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of The American Legion. SD–G50 2 p.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States. SD–G50 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commis-sion. SH–216 MARCH 9 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. SD–G50 
MARCH 22 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13FE8.000 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D147 Monday, February 13, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. Senate confirmed the nomination of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1095–S1133 Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 351–366, and S. Res. 60.
                                                                  Pages S1129–30 
Mulvaney Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
                                     Page S1123 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, Feb-ruary 15, 2017.
                                                           Page S1123 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1123 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1123 
Pruitt Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Scott Pruitt, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
                                                    Page S1123 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Caro-lina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
                                                                           Page S1123 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1123 Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1123 
Ross Nomination–Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Commerce.
            Page S1123 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
                                                                           Page S1123 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1123 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1123 
Zinke Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Ryan Zinke, of Mon-tana, to be Secretary of the Interior.
                Page S1123 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Commerce.
                                    Page S1123 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1123 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1123 
Carson Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
                                                               Page S1124 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE7.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD148 February 13, 2017 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior.
                                        Page S1124 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1124 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1124 
Perry Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of James Richard Perry, of Texas, to be Secretary of Energy.
                      Page S1124 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., of Flor-ida, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment.
                                                                                Page S1124 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1124 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1124 
McMahon Nomination—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, February 14, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Admin-istrator of the Small Business Administration, under the previous order. Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 53 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 63), Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury.
                                                         Pages S1121, S1133 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. EX. 64), David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs.
                Pages S1122–23, S1133 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1129 Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S1130 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1130–31 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1128–29 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—64)
                                                           Pages S1121–23 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:20 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 14, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1131.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee announced the following subcommittee assignments: Subcommittee on Airland: Senators Cotton (Chair), Inhofe, Wicker, Tillis, Sullivan, Cruz, Sasse, King, McCaskill, Blumenthal, Donnelly, Warren, and Peters. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity: Senators Rounds (Chair), Fischer, Perdue, Graham, Sasse, Nelson, McCaskill, Gillibrand, and Blumenthal. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities: Senators Ernst (Chair), Wicker, Fischer, Perdue, Cruz, Heinrich, Nelson, Shaheen, and Peters. Subcommittee on Personnel: Senators Tillis (Chair), Ernst, Graham, Sasse, Gillibrand, McCaskill, and Warren. Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support: Senators Inhofe (Chair), Rounds, Ernst, Perdue, Strange, Kaine, Shaheen, and Hirono. Subcommittee on SeaPower: Senators Wicker (Chair), Cotton, Rounds, Tillis, Sullivan, Strange, Hirono, Shaheen, Blumenthal, Kaine, and King. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces: Senators Fischer (Chair), Inhofe, Cotton, Sullivan, Cruz, Graham, Donnelly, Heinrich, Warren, and Peters. Senators McCain and Reed are ex officio members of each subcommittee. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1011–1028; and 9 resolutions, H.J. Res. 71; and H. Res. 1141–115, 117–122 were in-troduced.                                                                Pages H1124–25 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1126–27 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE7.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D149 February 13, 2017 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 116, providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by States for non- governmental employees, and providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-gov-ernmental employees (H. Rept. 115–11).
     Page H1124 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1101 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:10 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1103 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Price, wherein he resigned as Representa-tive for the Sixth Congressional District of Georgia, effective at 9 a.m. on February 10, 2017. 
                                                                                    Pages H1103–04 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Price, the whole number of the House is 432.
                Page H1104 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:06 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:29 p.m.
                                                   Page H1104 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Designating the Department of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’: H.R. 609, to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler Coun-ty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H1104–06 
Working to Integrate Networks Guaranteeing Member Ac-cess Now Act: H.R. 512, amended, to title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Bene-fits Administration to certain designated congres-sional employees;
                                               Pages H1106–08 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 38, United States Code, to permit vet-erans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                                     Page H1108 
Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Employing Amer-ican Military Veterans Act of 2017: H.R. 244, amend-ed, to encourage effective, voluntary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States mili-tary with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, by a 2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 409 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 86; and 
                                                                                    Pages H1109–11 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To en-courage effective, voluntary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H1111 
Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act: H.R. 974, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in award-ing a contract for the procurement of goods or serv-ices, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 407 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 87.
              Pages H1111–12 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Com-mission for a term expiring on December 31, 2018: Mr. Larry Wortzel, of Williamsburg, Virginia and Mr. Robert Glenn Hubbard of New York, New York.
                                                                                Page H1112 
Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recov-ery Commission—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery Commis-sion: Captain John M. Rose, U.S. Navy, Retired, of Kenosha, Wisconsin, and Lieutenant Colonel Jamil S. Khan, U.S. Marine Corps, Retired, of Janesville, Wisconsin.
                                                                    Page H1112 
National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the National Commission on Military, National and Public Serv-ice: Mr. Thomas Kilgannon of Centreville, Virginia. 
                                                                                    Pages H1112–13 
Medal of Valor Review Board—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Medal of Valor Review Board for a term of four years: Mr. Brandon Clabes of Choctaw, Okla-homa and Mr. Brian Murphy of Milwaukee, Wis-consin.
                                                                             Page H1113 
American Folklife Center in the Library of Con-gress—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE7.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD150 February 13, 2017 
the American Folklife Center in the Library of Con-gress for a term of six years: Ms. Patricia A. Atkin-son of Carson City, Nevada.
                                Page H1113 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:23 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1113 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1104. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1113–14, and H1114–15. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:31 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.J. Res. 27, dis-approving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Death with Dignity Act of 2016. H.J. Res. 27 was ordered reported, without amendment. HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION DISAPPROVING THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS ESTABLISHED BY STATES FOR NON- GOVERNMENTAL EMPLOYEES; HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION DISAPPROVING THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS ESTABLISHED BY QUALIFIED STATE POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS FOR NON-GOVERNMENTAL EMPLOYEES Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.J. Res. 66, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by States for non-governmental employees; and H.J. Res. 67, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-governmental employ-ees. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, closed rules for H.J. Res. 66 and H.J. Res. 67. The rule provides one hour of debate on each joint reso-lution equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of each joint resolution. The rule provides that each joint resolu-tion shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in each joint reso-lution. The rule provides each joint resolution one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Representatives Walberg and Francis Rooney of Flor-ida. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing on long-term defense challenges and strategies, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to exam-ine Department of Defense single servicemember and military family readiness programs, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., SD–106. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Evolving Threat of Terrorism and Effective Counterterrorism Strategies’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Restoring Balance and Fairness to the National Labor Relations Board’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Self-Driving Cars: Road to Deployment’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Defeating Terrorism in Syria: A New Way Forward’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of FEMA: Stakeholder Rec-ommendations for the Next Administrator’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Courts, In-tellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Judicial Transparency and Ethics’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 195, the ‘‘Federal Register Printing Savings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 624, the ‘‘Social Se-curity Fraud Prevention Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burden-some Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘OIRA Insight, Reform, and Accountability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE7.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D151 February 13, 2017 Act’’; the ‘‘DC Courts and Public Defender Service Vol-untary Separation Incentive Payments Act’’; and H.R. 653, the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.J. Res. 69, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non-Sub-sistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’; and H.J. Res. 43, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipi-ents, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Strength-ening U.S. Cybersecurity Capabilities’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring National Work Queue’s Impact on Claims Processing’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on the committee’s Authorization and Oversight Plan for the 115th Congress; Views and Estimates on the Fiscal Year 2018 Federal Budget; and ratification of sub-committee assignments and appointments to the Joint Committee on Taxation, 10:15 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE7.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD152 February 13, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approxi-mately 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 428—Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E177 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E175 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E175 Collins, Doug, Ga., E177 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E175, E176, E177, E178, E179, E180 Costa, Jim, Calif., E176, E178, E181 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E182 Gottheimer, Josh, N.J., E175 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E175, E178 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E182 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E179 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E180 McEachin, A. Donald, Va., E180 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E181 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E179 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E177 Poe, Ted, Tex., E177 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E180, E181 Trott, David A., Mich., E181 Valadao, David G., Calif., E176 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Feb 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13FE7.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST