Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2795 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 2017 No. 62 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 10, 2017, at 1:30 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
SATURDAY , APRIL 8, 2017 
The House met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 8, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ICHAEL K. S
IMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. In this Chamber, where the people’s House gathers, we pause to offer You gratitude for the gift of this good land on which we live, and for this great Na-tion which You have inspired in devel-oping over so many years. Send Your spirit of peace to those places of our world where so many live with war and violence. We ask a special blessing upon the people of Syria. Give to us and all people a vivid sense of Your presence, that we may learn to understand each other, to re-spect each other, to work with each other, to live with each other, and to do good to each other. So shall we make our Nation great in goodness, and good in its greatness. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 242, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill and joint resolutions were signed by the Speaker on Thursday, April 6, 2017: S. 544, to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes; S.J. Res. 30, providing for the re-appointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; S.J. Res. 35, providing for the ap-pointment of Michael Govan as a cit-izen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; S.J. Res. 36, providing for the ap-pointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives and the ma-jority and minority leaders of the United States Senate, their joint re-appointment, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1381) as amended, and section 1(b) of Public Law 115–19, of the following individuals on April 7, 2017, to the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: Ms. Barbara Childs Wallace, Ridgeland, Mississippi, Chair, for a term of 4 years; Mr. Alan V. Friedman, Los Angeles, California, for a term of 3 years; Ms. Susan S. Robfogel, Rochester, New York, for a term of 4 years. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08AP7.000 H08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2796 April 8, 2017 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 7, 2017, at 10:41 a.m.: Appointments: National Commission on Military, Na-tional, and Public Service. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature on April 6, 2017 to an enrolled bill and Joint Resolutions of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 544. An act to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Vet-erans Choice Program, and for other pur-poses. S.J. Res. 30. Joint Resolution providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smith-sonian Institution. S.J. Res. 35. Joint Resolution providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a cit-izen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. S.J. Res. 36. Joint Resolution providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on April 6, 2017, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 353. To improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of in-vestment on affordable and attainable ad-vances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to ex-pand commercial opportunities for the provi-sion of weather data, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 242, the House stands adjourned until 11 a.m. on Wednesday, April 12, 2017. Thereupon (at 11 o’clock and 4 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Wednesday, April 12, 2017, at 11 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
996. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting a letter regarding actions taken by the United States military in Syria on April 6, 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1543(a); Public Law 93-148, Sec. 4(a); (87 Stat. 555) (H. Doc. No. 115—30); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 997. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Of-fice of the Chief Counsel, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Implementation of the Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improve-ments Act for a Violation of a Federal Rail-road Safety Law, Federal Railroad Adminis-tration Safety Regulation or Order, or the Hazardous Material Transportation Laws or Regulations, Orders Special Permits, and Ap-provals Issued Under Those Laws [Docket No.: FRA-2016-0021; Notice No.: 2] (RIN: 2130- AC65) received April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 998. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A. Turbo-shaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-7850; Directorate Identifier 2016-NE-16-AD; Amendment 39-18819; AD 2017-05-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 999. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9291; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-SW-004-AD; Amend-ment 39-18840; AD 2017-07-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1000. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pratt & Whitney Division Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-8836; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NE-17-AD; Amendment 39-18815; AD 2017-05-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1001. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9128; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NE-19-AD; Amendment 39-18820; AD 2017-05-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1002. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0129; Directorate Identifier 2017-NM-020-AD; Amendment 39-18825; AD 2017-06-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: [The following action occurred on April 7, 2017] Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. House Resolution 235. Resolution di-recting the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s research, inte-gration, and analysis activities relating to Russian Government interference in the elections for Federal office held in 2016; ad-versely (Rept. 115–89). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-self and Mr. S
CHRADER ): H.R. 2083. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL ): H.R. 2084. A bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SABLAN (for himself and Ms. B
ORDALLO ): H.R. 2085. A bill to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.J. Res. 98. A joint resolution proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOHO: H. Res. 272. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President of the United States shall, with the help of the Congress, address com-prehensive tax reform within the first 240 days of the President’s administration; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POCAN: H.R. Res. 2057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 2083. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08AP7.002 H08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2797 April 8, 2017 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 2084. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 2085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress has the power to col-lect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Congress may also make laws that are nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution their powers enumerated under Article I. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.J. Res. 98. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both Houses deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 82: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 380: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 490: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 508: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 930: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. S
HUSTER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala- bama, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H.R. 1017: Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1242: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 1317: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 1318: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1384: Mr. P
AULSEN and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H.R. 1406: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1582: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 1626: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 1725: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1841: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 1861: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1915: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1973: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 2000: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. TONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 2001: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 2029: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. V ELA, and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2052: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 2053: Mr. G
OSAR . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. B
RAT. H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. P ETERS . H. Res. 30: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 129: Ms. R
OSEN and Mr. H ILL. H. Res. 188: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H. Res. 249: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H. Res. 270: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mr. V ELA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08AP7.006 H08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE491 April 8, 2017 
HONORING LEBANON MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a resourceful church, Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church. The Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church had its beginning in 1869, when the congregation worshipped under a ‘‘brush arbor’’ with the Reverend David Adams serving as pastor and founder. Realizing the need for a structure in which to worship, the pastor and members put forth every effort to design and construct the first church. The building was erected approxi-mately 60 to 70 feet from the old church site. As we look back over the 147-year history of Lebanon, we are reminded of the loyal de-votion of the early pioneers and their stead-fastness to the cause of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. We attribute any success or progress of this church to their loyalty. The Reverend David Adams served faith-fully as pastor until his death; and the Rev-erend Riley Russell accepted the call as pas-tor and served diligently until his death. Some of the early pastors were the Reverends: S.D. Smith, Joe Baskin, Dan Anderson, Connelly, and J. A. Johnson. Pleasant Fractions: Jimmy Mines; and J. Carter. The Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church is recognized as the oldest land grant church in this area. It has served as a torch shining forth ‘‘her’’ brilliant light in this community. This light of hope and compassion has compelled many to come to Christ. No church can survive without the dedicated cooperation of its members. The long, suc-cessful history of Lebanon is due to the dedi-cated, cooperative efforts of the many pastors, deacons, church mothers, and general con-gregation. Some of the early deacons were: Brothers Joe Hodges; Pink Roseby; Ben Friar; C. H. Benson; R. B. Roseby; Richard Epps; Michael C. Smith; George Friar; and Tom Randle. In 1912, the first church was destroyed by a violent storm. The force of the storm served as the epitome for the rebuilding of the second church, and its completion was the epoch of the old church site. Some of the pioneer members of the Moth-ers Board were: Sisters Ophelia Anderson; Mary Benson; Sara Smith; Mary Anderson; Lucy Hunter; Hassie Montgomery; Harriet Craighead; Mattie L. Benson; Martha Ross Benson; and Sallie Epps. Still moving forward, the Reverend A. W. Jones accepted the call as pastor. He served well until his accepting the call of another church. Following Reverend Jones, the Rev-erends: C. D. Brown; C. L. Clark; George Har-per; Aaron Barron; and Melvin Lewis served as pastor of Lebanon. Deacons serving under these administra-tions were: Brothers West Benson; Eddie Donelson; Leslie Hodges; Edgar Waddell; Pinkney Benson; Daniel Mickey; Daniel Kimbrough; Ira Blake; Mack Friar; O. W. Hodges; Mack McKennie; Samuel Friar; Charles Quincy Spurlin; Jessie Harmon; L. B. Hathorn; Alphonso Wright; Jacob J. McClain; and Charlie Benson. The Mothers Board consisted of: Sisters Harriet Friar, Hallie Donelson, Elmira Horton, Minnie Hodges, Lyda Friar, Mary V. Hodges, Rebecca Kimbrough, Bessie Green, Roberta Blake, Priscilla Benson, Lillie Waddell, Mamie McKennie, Mary L. Friar, Mattie L. Hodges, Paralee McClain, Frankie Hodges, Eula Spurlin, Callie McKennie, Willie Mae Meeks, Ollie Harmon, and Olivia Garnett. The edifice of the old church underwent many changes such as: lowering the ceilings; modern light fixtures; paneling of the sanc-tuary; bricking; and the construction of a kitch-en and fellowship hall. Sanctuary pews, a communion table, and new pulpit furniture were purchased to enhance the decor of the church. These ventures of improvement were all completed under the leadership of the Rev-erend Aaron Barron. Reverend Barron served as pastor for 27 consecutive years. He was a faithful and dy-namic minister of the Gospel. During his ad-ministration, many souls realized the need for peace in their lives—that peace that sur-passed all understanding—and accepted Christ as their personal Savior. Reverend Aaron Barron exchanged mortality for immor-tality and entered unto eternity in October 1983, while serving as pastor of Lebanon. In January 1984, the Reverend Melvin B. Lewis accepted the call and served as pastor until 1987. Under the leadership of Reverend Lewis, a pastor’s study was constructed, cen-tral heat and air conditioning was installed, and an organ was purchased for the sanc-tuary. In June 1987, the Reverend J.W. Redmond accepted the call to serve as pastor of Leb-anon. The church was blessed with many members, an Inspirational Choir, and Evan-gelist Quinzola McKennie. Brothers: Coy Henderson; Leslie McKennie; Charlie Wright; Larry McKennie; and Paul Gil-more were installed as deacons. Installed on the Mothers Board were Sisters: Ola Mae Bai-ley, Priscilla Anderson, Grace Kimbrough, Rose Gibson, and as Deaconess were Sisters: Minnie McKennie, Sharon Wright, and Annie Gilmore. Under the leadership of Reverend Redmond, a new roof was installed on the church, the choir stand was elevated and car-peted, floral arrangements and doors were added to the sanctuary. Following the leader-ship of the pastor, the Lebanon Inspirational Choir dedicated to the church some choir robes, and added mirrors and double doors to the sanctuary, remodeled and refurnished the pastor’s study. The Friar and Montgomery families dedicated chandeliers to enhance the entrance of the church. Reverend Redmond exchanged mortality for immortality and entered unto eternity in Janu-ary 2000, while serving as pastor of Lebanon Church. After the death of Reverend Redmond, the Reverend Walter Eskridge, Jr. accepted the call to serve as pastor of the Lebanon Mis-sionary Baptist Church in October 2000. Under the leadership of Reverend Eskridge, the church has been blessed with many new members and rededications. A new church building was erected on land given to the church by Sis. Earsalean McClain’s family, and the doors were opened for the first serv-ice on July 4, 2004; new choir robes were pur-chased for LSC, LIC, and LYC; a television and VCR were purchased through the aid of the Home Mission Society; Discipleship and New Members classes were started; the Fel-lowship Hall has been named the Earsalean McClain Fellowship Hall in memory of Sis. Earsalean McClain; the Educational Wing has been named the Martha Ross Benson Edu-cational Wing in memory of Sis. Martha Ross Benson; each classroom has been named in memory of: Class No. 1—Deacon Samuel Friar; Class No. 2—Mother Elmira Horton; Class No. 3—Mother Lillie Waddell; Nursery- Mothers Callie McKennie and Roberta Blake; Choir Room—Sister Levirda Dixon and Bro. Eric Friar; and the Business Office in honor of Deacon Jessie Harmon; and the church is growing through his ministry. A new roof ‘‘The Red Top’’ was installed on the church. On June 7, 2015 Bro. Andrew Lee Brown was crowned as Deacon. The Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church’s current Deacons and Trustees Board mem-bers are Brothers: Jessie Harmon; Coy Hen-derson; Lawrence McKennie; Andrew Brown; and Sisters: Lula Friar; Lillie Benson Green and Earline Wright Hart. The present Mothers Board members are Sisters: Ollie Harmon and Deaconess, Sister Annie Gilmore. Through these many years of service to God and mankind, the Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church has survived many trials and tribulations, but are determined that forces of evil will not hinder them nor separate them from the love of God. The torch carried by the pioneer members of the Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church, cast rays of light across their pathway. This light gives the church hope of a brighter future for the church. Those following will raise that torch high and keep the light burning bright. They will trim their lamps, put on the whole armor of God, and continue to hold up the blood stained banner. It is with this same spirit as soldiers going forth to war, accented with Christian love, de-votion and dedication to the cause of the King-dom, which the history of the Lebanon Mis-sionary Baptist Church continues. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the historic Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08AP8.001 E08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE492 April 8, 2017 
HONORING GILFIELD MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the Gilfield M.B. Church in Doddsville, Mississippi. The church was founded and built by slaves on the banks on the Sunflower River located on the planta-tion of United States Senator James O. East-land in 1894. The history of the church spans 122 years with records showing three structures as its home, each with its own fascinating and re-markable journey. Early records of the church were recalled and passed down by word of mouth from slaves down to the members of the church who were also relatives. The ear-liest written record of the church was around the 1980s. Many of the elders and other mem-bers were still attending the church, so Ms. Hattie Jordan, a member of the church, volun-teered to be the church historian and keeper of the records. She gathered documents, re-corded oral stories, researched ‘‘leads’’ of where she could get more information or someone who could corroborate the findings. One source of information she relied on were two cornerstones located on the existing churchfront in Doddsville. One of the corner-stones was once the original place of the church in 1894, and transferred thereafter to structures one and two. In 1894 the location of the first church was strategically planned to exist near water. It is believed but not recorded that the location was chosen because the river could be used to secretly baptize members—a practice not openly approved of by plantation owners. Ms. Jordan told the story of how she was baptized in the Sunflower River behind Gilfield M.B. Church in 1953 by Rev. McGee. Gilfield M.B. Church was allowed to exist only because Senator Eastland gave the slaves his ap-proval. The first pastors of Gilfield M.B. Church at its initial location were: Rev. C.C. Edwards, Rev. Hester, Rev. Hobbs, and Rev. Mose Watson. No written records were kept by slaves. The only source for handing down in-formation was by word of mouth to the young-er generation. The second Gilfield M.B. Church was built a mile down from the first site on the banks of the Sunflower River on the Eastland Planta-tion. Rev. Mose Watson was the pastor. He continued to lead the church as he did while pastoring at the first location. After Rev. Wat-son, the church installed Rev. Issac as the new pastor until his death in 1947. Following Rev. Issac the church was led by Rev. Latson from 1947 to 1952. Rev. Latson left the church to move to Chicago, IL. Immediately after-wards, Rev. McGee became the pastor in 1952 but separated from the church in 1953. There was a short lapse in pastors because Rev. Fleming did not begin pastoring the church until 1954. Records indicate he was the last pastor of the second structure listed as the home of Gilfield M.B. Church. Rev. Fleming moved with the church to their third home beside the site of the second home, on the banks of the Sunflower River lo-cated on the Eastland Plantation. The sanc-tuary section of the second site was demol-ished, leaving the backside section to be used for church gatherings, which still stands today. The pastors of the third site location in order of leadership were: Rev. Fleming, Rev. John H. Williams, Rev. Clarence Tolbert, and the current pastor is Rev. Theautry Winters. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Gilfield M.B. Church of Doddsville, MS located in Sunflower County inside of the Second Congressional District of Mississippi. 
f 
HONORING SYKES CHAPEL MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical church, Sykes Chapel Missionary Baptist Church of Lambert, Mississippi and the great leadership it is under. Sykes Chapel Missionary Baptist Church was founded in the 1900s by the share crop-ping plantation families: the Sykes family, the Noble family, the Cox family, and the McCray family. For years, there was no building for worship service. Therefore, the families went from house to house worshipping and praising God. The plantation was first-owned by Mr. Yeager who later gave it to his relative, Mr. E. H. Anderson. Mr. Anderson was a God-fearing man who would often stand in the back of worship service. The Sykes family was the oldest and first family on the plantation. Therefore, the fami-lies gathered together and sold cakes to raise a little money. Afterwards, they asked Mr. An-derson to allow them to have a spot to build a church. Mr. Anderson allowed them to build a one-room shot gun building and allowed the men on the plantation to provide the labor. There was one wood heater and no air, but the families continued to praise God. The members along with Mr. Anderson agreed to name the church Sykes Chapel Mis-sionary Baptist Church. Minister Richardson was the first pastor selected. He served for a while, and later God called him home. In addi-tion to the church, Mr. Anderson provided them with burial ground, and they called it the Sykes Chapel Cemetery. Some of the mem-bers are actually buried there. Later, the church was destroyed twice—first by storm and later by fire. With the assistance of Mr. Anderson and loyal families, the church was rebuilt twice. After rebuilding the church, they had worship service once a month. The church has been under the leadership of sev-eral pastors: Rev. Harry Benimon, Rev. Rollie Lee, Rev. Arthur Lee, Rev. Lloyd Johnson, and Rev. Robert Griffin. Pastor Lloyd Johnson enjoyed praising God. He encouraged members to attend church every Sunday, and the membership increased. He later had a vision to build a larger sanc-tuary. In the process of preparing to build a larger church, no deed was found. Several deacons, including Deacon Albert Emerson, Deacon James Lee McCray, Deacon Ollie McCray, and Deacon Eddie Moore went to Mr. Anderson to inquire about the deed, and he sold the land to Sykes Chapel Missionary Baptist Church for $1.00. In addition to the new sanctuary, a bus and van were pur-chased; outreach ministries and abstinence programs were started. Pastor Johnson served as pastor for seventeen years, until God called him home. God sent Pastor Robert Griffin, who served for approximately four years. Under his leadetship, the church continued to praise God. The youth ministry flourished, and the church was paid off in one and a half years. Currently, Sykes Chapel Missionary Baptist Church is under the leadership of Pastor Derell Wiley. He believes that we can truly move mountains through prayer and faith. His established mission for Sykes Chapel is: ‘‘Ex-alting the Savior, Equipping the Saints, and Evangelizing the Sinner.’’ In his vision, souls are saved, minds are renewed, hearts are cleansed, and members are rejuvenated. He emphasizes that the atmosphere will be shift-ed and a change will occur when we work to-gether and embrace others with love, for God is love. They are a little country church, but they serve an awesome God, who is able to trans-form minds, spirits, and lives. Under Pastor Wiley’s leadership, they are growing physically and spiritually—studying and standing on the word of God. The following ministries have been started: Youth Ministry, Jail Ministry and Counseling, and the Convalescent Home Min-istry. By faith, they are discovering their purposes and trusting God for His promises. As God leads and guides, the future ministries will be developed: family ministries, couple ministries, and single ministries, as we become spiritually and physically prepared for God’s kingdom. By faith, mountains are being moved, sinners are seeking Christ, and Christians are being re-stored. The Sykes Chapel Missionary Baptist Church, believes that the greatest privilege and responsibility is to create disciples for Christ. The members are therefore committed to fulfilling their purpose through worship, fel-lowship, ministry, and Christian education. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Sykes Chapel Missionary Bap-tist Church for its dedication to serving our great community and country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. JAMES NEWTON AS HE IS HONORED BY THE BOYS AND GIRLS CLUB OF THE NORTHTOWNS 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career of a dedicated public servant, Superintendent Dr. James Newton, who is being honored by the Boys and Girls Club of the Northtowns, also known as the Newman Club, with an award. Dr. Newton spent 31 years working in public education; 19 of those were in the City of Tonawanda. He began his career as junior high principal in 1998. He was an integral part in passing the largest capital project in the his-tory of the district. The project was over 25 million dollars in improvements to fund a new library media center and gymnasium, among other upgrades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08AP8.002 E08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE493 April 8, 2017 
In 2009, he was appointed to middle/high school principal and in 2013 became the su-perintendent. Dr. Newton has dedicated his career in public education to creating a posi-tive school environment, increasing the grad-uation rate, and allowing students to excel. Dr. Newton serves his community outside of his job with a membership in the Exchange Club, Kiwanis Club, and as a Board member for the Northtowns Boys and Girls Club. He is also a dedicated husband to his wife Lisa, with whom he has a beloved daughter. Mr. Speaker, I honor the distinguished ca-reer of Dr. Newton as he retires from his posi-tion as superintendent. It is with great pride that I stand to recognize the leadership and accomplishments of Dr. James Newton and wish him the best in all his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING WANDERERS HOME MISSISIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Wanderers Home Mis-sionary Baptist Church, a remarkable house of worship in Mound Bayou, Mississippi. The Wanderers Home Missionary Baptist Church has a rich history, which is a legend within itself. At the turn of the twentieth cen-tury, a group of Christian leaders and laymen, some early settlers and others who migrated to the town of Mound Bayou, were led by the inspiration of the Holy Spirit to come together to organize a church in the year of 1908. Some acquired land and others share-cropped farms outside of the town limit. There was no church in the near vicinity of their homes, and means of transportation was limited. There had been a yearning for a place to fellowship and worship, and to praise and give thanks unto the Almighty God for His goodness. Coming together in the home of early settlers Mr. and Mrs. Wash and Kerri Mosley, led to fruitful discussions and plans to lay the foun-dation for what was to become their own place of worship, the Wanderers Home Missionary Baptist Church. Initially, the church was located on the north side of Township Road, but later relocated to the south side of the road where they pur-chased land and built a church. The land was sold and later rebuilt back on the north side, its present location. The late Reverend W.M. Wilson was named the first pastor and began with a small group of faithful members under the most humble circumstances and with lots of faith in God. As the town of Mound Bayou became a major tourist attraction, with the growing population and industrial development, the membership at Wanderers Home grew rapidly. The pulpit has been graced with some of the most remarkable preachers and ministers. The late Reverend Thornton, Reverend H.H. Humes, Reverend W.M. Stampley, Reverend W.M. Walden, Reverend Richardson, Rev-erend Zack Pittman, Reverend T.F. Ham-mond, Reverend C.H. Moreland, (who served as pastor for twenty-six years), Reverend An-drew Hawkins and Reverend Willie J. Jackson (the current pastor), was called as the leader of the congregation in 1991. Under the leadership of Pastor Moreland, a fellowship hall was added to the church as the need for a place to extend their fellowship be-yond the sanctuary. Under the leadership of Pastor Jackson, many accomplishments have taken place: Wanderers Home became the first church in Mound Bayou to have full-time worship services; incorporated 4th Sunday Broadcast Worship Service; started weekly bible class for adults and youths; and orga-nized and increased Youth ministry activities. The sanctuary was renovated with stained glass windows and new pews. Due to growth in membership the church purchased a van to transport elderly and youth parishioners. Over the years, the church has reached be-yond its walls to support the community, fami-lies, other communities throughout Bolivar and surrounding counties through its Missionary Ministry, as well as its Youth and Adult min-istries. Wanderers Home supported and been ac-tively involved as a member of the Bolivar County Baptist Association since its organiza-tion, as well as a member of the State and National Congress of Christian Education. Many of its members have and continue to serve in leadership roles as leaders, teachers, and auxiliary heads in the organization. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Wanderers Home Missionary Baptist Church for their spiritual enhance-ments in Mound Bayou, the surrounding com-munities and the State of Mississippi. 
f 
HONORING SWEET CANAAN CHURCH OF GOD IN CHRIST 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a historic church, Sweet Canaan Church of God in Christ. It has shown what can be done through the years of dedication of a progressive church. The historic Sweet Canaan Church of God in Christ is the second oldest Church of God in Christ in the World and is located at 1946 Bellbottom Road in Lexington, MS 39095. ‘‘The first church added to the number pro-fessing sanctification was located in Carroll (Holmes) County sixteen or seventeen miles north of Lexington, Mississippi.’’ This state-ment is from the book: ‘‘Fifty Years Achieve-ment from 1906–1956 A PERIOD IN HIS-TORY OF THE CHURCH OF GOD IN CHRIST.’’ The Editorial note stated: The His-toric Sweet Canaan church is located near the Carroll County line, but it is actually in north-ern Holmes County just south of Carroll Coun-ty. Sweet Canaan began as a little prayer mis-sion in a wayside house of Professor Allen Taylor. Allen Taylor’s property was located on Bell Bottom Road which is located about ten to fifteen miles north of Lexington. During those days Elder Morgan Williams was in charge of the small congregation. In the year 1909, the prayer mission decided to organize itself and the name Sweet Canaan was cho-sen. Prior to selecting the name Sweet Canaan, the church was known as the ‘‘Col-ored Sanctified Church.’’ It was through con-tinuous fervent prayer that other community people soon joined the early saints. The present site of Sweet Canaan was once the spot where cattle of Professor Taylor grazed. Professor Taylor donated the land to the church for the sum of twenty dollars ($20.00); a legal formality. Although the small congregation did not have seats, the community was blessed. Mr. Isaac Randle was given a few dollars to bring some sweet gum logs to be used as seats in the prayer mission. Recognizing the small congregation’s perseverance, Bishop Charles Harrison Mason, Founder of the Church Of God In Christ, appointed Elder Jeffery A. Lewis as their first pastor. He was also ap-pointed the first Overseer of the State of Mis-sissippi. At that time, the whole state was under one jurisdiction. Sweet Canaan is blessed to have had its first three pastors to serve as state overseers; they were Elder Jeffery Lewis, Elder Stephen Rice, and Elder James Henderson. Sweet Canaan is also blessed to have had the juris-dictional supervisor of women for northern Mississippi, Mother Sarah Ann Braggs Gaston, as a member during her youth. Bishop Tim-othy Titus, Prelate of Northern Mississippi Ju-risdiction, preached at Historic Sweet Canaan during his early years as a young preacher. The late Bishop Louis Henry Ford, former Pre-siding Bishop of the Church of God in Christ, often talked about his experience when he preached at Sweet Canaan, when he was a child and a student at Saint Academy and Col-lege in Lexington. The first State Holy Convocation of the Church Of God In Christ was held at Historic Sweet Canaan. Former Pastors of Sweet Canaan were: Elder J.A. Lewis, Elder Stephen Rice, Elder Fred Winans, Elder W.B. Hudges, Elder D.R. Curry, Elder James Lee, Elder James Hender-son, Elder D. Pitchford, Elder J.L. Pleas, Su-perintendent Fred Wade, and currently Elder Dr. Percy Washington, Sr. The first deacons of Sweet Canaan were Brother Phillip Blake, Brother Louis Brooks and Brother Charlie Randle. Mother Abbie Banks was the church mother. Some of the early saints of Sweet Canaan were: Professor Allen Taylor, Brother Louis Brooks, Brother Willis Randle, Brother Frank Blake, Brother Jessie Banks, Brother Frank Hoover, Brother Ben Simmons, Mother Sara Booker, Mother Ina Jenkins, Mother Ida Wil-son, Mother Abbie Banks, Mother Ella Taylor, Mother Emma Brooks, and Deacon Payton Smith. The present pastor, Elder Dr. Percy Louis Washington, was appointed to serve on May 18, 2003 by Bishop T.T. Scott. Pastor Wash-ington and his lovely wife, Glenda, have five sons and nine grandchildren. He and the Sweet Canaan congregation have worked hard together to preserve the history of Sweet Canaan by enclosing the whole building inside the Dr. Tyree and Mary Carr Multipurpose Building. The beautiful Carr Multipurpose Building houses not only the en-tire historic church, but it houses the fellow-ship hall, residential quarters, office, and classroom space. On July 18, 2013, Bishop Charles Edward Blake, the Pastor of West Angeles Cathedral in Los Angeles, California, and the Presiding Bishop of the Church of God in Christ, Inc., visited Historic Sweet Canaan. They were joined at Sweet Canaan by General Board Members, Bishop Brandon Porter of Memphis, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08AP8.001 E08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE494 April 8, 2017 
Tennessee, and Bishop Wooten of St. Louis, Missouri. Also joining Bishop Blake were sev-eral other bishops and more than half of the Trustee Board of the Church of God in Christ. Pastor Washington has said many times, ‘‘When I went to Sweet Canaan, on my way to the church I saw many cows. When I got to the church, I saw a honey bee hive in the back of the church. I knew I was in the right place. For I was in the Land of Milk and Honey—in the land of Canaan—Sweet Canaan.’’ Sweet Canaan often times invites many to praise and worship with them every Sunday. Their Prayer service begins at 9:00 a.m., Sun-day school starts at 9:30 a.m., and Sunday Worship Service starts at 11:00 a.m. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the historic Sweet Canaan Church of God in Christ. 
f 
HONORING JAYLIN RODGERS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Cadet COL Jaylin Rodgers of Lanier High School, recipient of the 2016 Jackson Public Schools Junior Re-serve Officer Training Corps Cadet of the Year. Cadet COL Rodgers, son of Mr. and Mrs. Larry and Tamarrus Rodgers, serves as the Battalion Commander for Lanier’s 1st Battalion Mighty Bulldogs. He holds a 3.33 GPA and has earned a score of 25 on the ACT. He has taken advanced level courses throughout high school, such as Accelerated English I and II, Accelerated Geometry, and Advanced Place-ment U.S. History. A member of the school’s National Honor Society, Cadet COL Rodgers is also the re-cipient of JROTC’s Scholastic Excellence Award and was a Leadership Education and Training, Level One top cadet. Cadet COL Rodgers served on Lanier High School’s Battalion staff for three years as the Human Resources Officer, Executive Officer, and now the Battalion Commander. Cadet Rodgers has attended the LeaderSTATE Leadership and STEM Camp and Boys State at Mississippi State University and the Junior Cadet Leadership Challenge at Fort Knox, Kentucky. His plans are to attend Jackson State University, major in Electrical Engineer-ing, and attain a commission into the Army as a second lieutenant. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Cadet COL Jaylin Rodgers. 
f 
HONORING MR. JAMES MALLETT 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a community servant, Mr. James Mallett. Mr. Mallett has shown what can be done through tenacity, dedication and a desire to serve his community. James Mallett was born in the Carter com-munity to Edward and Ethel Mallett. James’ family lived on a plantation called Clark and Cato. He grew up in a small church called Mt. Salem. He learned many life lessons from working on the family farm. James graduated from Yazoo City High School in 1983. James attended Jackson State University, but returned home to take a job with Yazoo Industries, where he remained for ten years. In 1990 Chief BJ Wright offered James a job at the Yazoo City Fire Department. Through the years, James also had the oppor-tunity to work under Charles Moore, Mike Woodard, Roy Wilson and Terry Harber. James credits his wife, Alma, for supporting him as he worked for the Yazoo City Fire De-partment for 25 years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. James Mallett for his dedi-cation and loyalty to Yazoo City. f 
HONORING RICK OATES AS HE IS RECOGNIZED BY THE CITY OF TONAWANDA COMMON COUNCIL 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career and accom-plishments of a distinguished public servant, Richard Oates, as he is recognized by the City of Tonawanda Common Council. Officer Oates is a fire police officer and Associate Chaplain of the Tonawanda Fire Department, as well as the Exchange Club Fire Fighter of the Year Recipient of 2017. Officer Oates entered the Volunteer Division of the Tonawanda Fire Department in 2007 and received his New York State Peace Offi-cer status. He has also been an integral mem-ber of the Chaplain Corps, made up of lay chaplains who serve as both first responders and chaplains. This position shows Officer Oates’ commitment to helping people of his community. Officer Oates has been critically helpful in many emergency situations, not just as a re-sponder but as a community asset to those af-fected by the emergency. There are countless stories of Officer Oates going beyond the call of duty to serve. One such story is when Offi-cer Oates comforted the daughter of a victim receiving CPR by first responders. An extremely devoted citizen, Officer Oates is dedicated to giving back to his community past his volunteer service. Oates leads the or-ganization of regular Red Cross Blood Drives at the fire hall, even starting the bi-monthly free meals for donors to incentivize community members to give. Recently, he has organized two very successful blood drives in memory of Jed Woomer, a local cancer victim. Beyond his service, Oates is a very dedi-cated husband, father, and son. He is married to Rhoda Oates and they have seven children together: Annabeth, Christa Mae, Rebecca, Charlotte, Jenna, Andrew, and the newest ad-dition, Louie. He is also very committed to his faith and lives his life in a devoted manner through his work. Mr. Speaker, I honor a hard-working, tire-less public servant who has spent his life help-ing the people of Tonawanda. The Tonawanda community and I are thankful for Officer Oates’ many years of service and wish him all the best in his future endeavors. f 
HONORING WILLIE ‘‘SATELLITE’’ TOTTEN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Willie Totten, who is a former professional football player and cur-rent college football coach. Totten played his high school football at J.Z. George High School in North Carrollton, Mississippi. Totten was a four-year starter quarterback at Mis-sissippi Valley State University from 1981 to 1985. Totten set more than 50 Division I–AA passing records. The Delta Devils averaged 59 points a game during the 1984 season, with Totten throwing for a record 58 touchdowns and lead-ing the Delta Devils to the Division I–AA play-offs in 1984. Archie Cooley, who was the head coach at MVSU from 1980 to 1986, was the architect of the pass-oriented offense that uti-lized the skills of Totten. Totten played professionally in the Canadian Football League (CFL) with the BC Lions (and Toronto Argonauts before moving on to the National Football League (NFL), as a replace-ment player for the Buffalo Bills during the strike-shortened 1987 NFL season. Totten played in the Arena Football League for the Chicago Bruisers, Pittsburgh Gladiators and the New Orleans Night. Totten earned his master’s degree at Gram-bling State University, and was a graduate as-sistant on the coaching staff for head football coach Eddie Robinson. Totten returned to his alma mater and served as quarterbacks coach and running back coach during the 1990s be-fore moving on to coach at the high school level for two years. He returned to the MVSU coaching staff in 2000, and was elevated to head coach in 2001.Totten brought pride back to Mississippi Valley State, as he led the Delta Devils to back-to-back winning seasons in 2005 and 2006. Totten resigned after the 2009 season, and took an administrative position at MVSU in 2010. In 2013, Totten became quar-terbacks coach at Albany State University in Albany, Georgia for one season before ac-cepting the quarterback coaching position at Alabama A&M University under new head football coach James Spady. Totten is one of a few college football coaches ever to coach in a stadium named after him. The Delta Devils football team plays in Rice-Totten Field, named for Totten and wide receiver Jerry Rice. He is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame. Totten is a member of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Willie ‘‘Satellite’’ Totten, a pro-fessor football player and educator, for his dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08AP8.005 E08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE495 April 8, 2017 
HONORING DONESHIA JOHNSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable student, Ms. Doneshia Johnson. Ms. Johnson is a Leland High School grad-uate from Leland, Mississippi whose out-standing academic performance resulted in her being recognized on both her Superintend-ent’s and Principal’s List for high achievers. After graduating, Ms. Johnson began her aca-demic career at Jackson State University in the fall of 2016, where she currently studies Human Resources and Mass Communica-tions. Ms. Johnson is a member of the following organizations: DECA, National Honor Society, National Technical Honor Society, MS Tech Masters, and is a MS Scholar. She also volun-teers for the Habitat for Humanity, and is a loyal blood donor. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Doneshia Johnson for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the community. f 
HONORING NEW TOWN MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, April 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize New Town Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Charleston, MS in-side of Tallahatchie County. New Town Missionary Baptist Church was built in 1805. Like so many Black rural church-es the history of New Town Missionary Baptist Church was passed down by word of mouth from members who were slaves. The church was built under the guidance of Spring Hill Baptist Church which was an all-white con-gregation. However, New Town Missionary Baptist Church, an all-black congregation, was pastored by a white minister, Rev. Porter, until the church was successful in finding a Black minister who could lead. The Rev. Hampton Clemmons was the first Black pastor of the church. The first building was a one room structure located where the Old New Town Cemetery is now. The following ministers have served as pastor of the church: Rev. Matthew Black, Rev. Neison Harris, Rev. William West, Rev. Willie Penn, Rev. Charlie Johnson, Rev. Wil-liam Booker, Rev. P.R. Gipson, Rev. J.T. Brown, Rev. H.C. Jones, Rev L.J. Jordan, Rev. R.S. Phamphlet, Rev. David B. Curry, and Rev. Derrick Williams, Sr. Some of the deacon members of the church were: Bro. James H. Reed, Bro. Burel Reed, Bro. James H. Bellamy, Bro. Robert E. Pollard, Bro. Na-than Metcalf, Bro. Richard Gray, Bro. Ben Thompson, Bro. Green Hudson, Bro. James Bellamy, Jr., Bro. Charlie Simmons, Bro. B.L. Reed, Bro. John H. Gray, Bro. Barney Willis, Bro. N.A. Boclair, Bro. Charlie Anderson, Bro. Jessie Terry, Bro. Minon Reed, Bro. S.N. Drake, Bro. Grafton Gray, Bro. John Winford, Bro. George Fair, Bro. James Frost, Bro. Roberson Jennings, Bro. Eckles Simmons, Bro. Frank Diltz, and Bro. Erwin Maynew. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the New Town Missionary Bap-tist Church in Charleston, MS in Tallahatchie County inside of the Second Congressional District of Mississippi. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08AP8.009 E08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
D425 Saturday, April 8, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 1:30 p.m., on Monday, April 10, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 2083–2085; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 98 and H. Res. 372 were introduced.
            Page H2796 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2797 
Report Filed: A report was filed on April 7, 2017 as follows: H. Res. 235, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the Department of Homeland Security’s research, integration, and anal-ysis activities relating to Russian Government inter-ference in the elections for Federal office held in 2016; adversely (H. Rept. 115–89).
                Page H2796 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2795 
Board of Directors of the Office of Compli-ance—Reappointment: The Chair announced on behalf of the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, the joint reappointment on April 7, 2017 of Ms. Barbara Childs Wallace of Ridgeland, Mis-sissippi, Chair, for a term of four years, Mr. Alan V. Friedman of Los Angeles, California, for a term of three years, and Ms. Susan S. Robfogel of Rochester, New York, for a term of four years, to the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance.           Page H2795 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H2795–96. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:04 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08AP7.REC D08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD426 April 8, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 1:30 p.m., Monday, April 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will be in a pro forma ses-sion. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Wednesday, April 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E492, E494 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E491, E492, E492, E493, E493, E494, E494, E494, E495, E495 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Apr 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08AP7.REC D08APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST