Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2351 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 2017 No. 51 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER Pastor Bob MacGregor, City Harvest Church, Vancouver, Washington, of-fered the following prayer: Lord, we come today with thanks-giving for the work of Your grace in es-tablishing this at work called America. Known around the world as the Na-tion of opportunity, many fight to be-come a part of us and few desire to leave because You, Lord, have made us great. Our Founding Fathers understood this by experience and by the Scrip-tures ‘‘that except the Lord builds the House, they labor in vain who build it.’’ So it has been our deep conviction from our conception to daily appeal to You for wisdom to guide the leaders of this great Nation. So, once again, we ask for the wis-dom to protect all our citizens, provide opportunity for all, help our poor, care for our elderly, secure our families, educate our children, and make our economy strong. We pray for unity in this endeavor. May righteousness exalt us through all our laws. This we ask respectfully in Jesus’ name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. K
ELLY ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KELLY of Mississippi led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR BOB M
ACGREGOR The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to intro-duce my pastor and dear friend, Bob MacGregor, as our guest chaplain this morning. Pastor Bob is the lead pastor of City Harvest Church in Vancouver, Wash-ington, my home church. City Harvest is a thriving church that greatly im-pacts our community by caring for the needy and supporting mission work. Pastor Bob and his wife, Sue, have four daughters and eight grand-children. They have been married for 38 years and share a burden to help build marriages and families of ministers who face the demands of ministry life. It is my great pleasure to welcome Pastor Bob and thank him as he has blessed us this morning with his pray-er. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). The Chair will entertain up to five further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS CHRIS-TOPHER ROBINSON WAS TRULY THE BEST OF THE BEST (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled today to rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class Christopher Lee Robinson. He paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our Nation on March 25, 2006, during Oper-ation Enduring Freedom in Afghani-stan. Sergeant Robinson was wounded dur-ing an ambush in Helmand province, Afghanistan, while conducting joint and multinational combat operations. Master Sergeant Reese Robbins, his friend, was also wounded during the at-tack. At the time of his death, Ser-geant Robinson was the first Mis-sissippi National Guard soldier to die in Afghanistan. Sergeant Robinson was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group, Mississippi Army National Guard in Jackson, Mississippi. He fol-lowed in the footsteps of his father, George Robinson, who also served in the Army. Retired Sergeant Major Mike Patter-son served with Sergeant Robinson throughout most of his military career. Sergeant Major Patterson said Ser-geant Robinson consistently displayed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.000 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2352 March 23, 2017 
bravery by volunteering for hard de-ployments and dangerous missions. He also says Sergeant Robinson had the ability to handle combat in a very de-liberate way, yet remain compas-sionate for people and the unintended consequences that war thrusts upon human beings. He is survived by his wife, Tamara, and their children, Savannah and Pat-rick. Sergeant Robinson devoted his life to the safety of our Nation. He will always be remembered for his service and deep love for friends and family and this country. The first sentence of the NCO creed states: ‘‘No one is more professional than I.’’ The level of competence and professionalism that Sergeant Robin-son maintained throughout his life, in and out of uniform, shows that he lived by that creed every day of his life. As a Special Forces Green Beret sol-dier, Sergeant First Class Robinson was truly the best of the best. 
f 
BRAIN RESEARCH IS CRITICAL (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Federal investment into brain research. Congress’ commitment to fund basic brain-related research and scientific discovery is critical to developing our capabilities to treat over 1,000 diseases and disorders that directly or indi-rectly affect 100 million Americans every year. Estimates put the eco-nomic burden of these diseases at over $760 billion a year. Addiction, trau-matic brain injury, Alzheimer’s, and other afflictions can only be overcome through increasing our understanding of how the brain works. Basic science is the foundation upon which all health advances are built. Federal agencies, such as the NIH, NSF, and DOD, are essential in ad-vancement of brain research, as well as for so many scientific endeavors. Con-gress enacted the 21st Century Cures Act that provided support for a wide range of biomedical research efforts. I call upon my colleagues to stand with me in support of brain research into the new Congress. I also beseech my Republican colleagues to withdraw this terrible bill and work across the aisle to find a healthcare plan that will serve all Americans. 
f 
USDA FOOD PROGRAMS ARE CRITICAL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House Committee on Agriculture’s Sub-committee on Nutrition hosted a hear-ing to examine USDA’s three com-modity distribution programs: the Emergency Food Assistance Program, the Commodity Supplemental Food program, and the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations. Committee members heard from a panel of witnesses representing each of these programs who explained how the programs differ, interact, and work to-gether to meet the nutrition needs of America’s most vulnerable citizens. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of this sub-committee, I know Federal nutrition programs are vital to ensuring that all Americans have healthy foods within reach, whether low-income popu-lations, the elderly, or those living in areas with strained access to nutri-tious foods. Along with SNAP, these programs support agriculture and less-en the effects of poverty on our most vulnerable citizens. As we begin to work on the next farm bill, we will continue to identify ways to work alongside State and local orga-nizations to help provide safe, nutri-tious food for those who need it most. I thank our witnesses for sharing their time and their expertise to help strengthen these programs. f 
REJECT TRUMPCARE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, our first duty here is to the American people. I rise to call on my colleagues to fulfill that duty and reject TrumpCare. President Trump made big promises on health care during his campaign. TrumpCare proves those promises were empty. He promised a plan that would cover everyone. TrumpCare would cover even fewer people than were cov-ered before the Affordable Care Act. He promised better coverage. TrumpCare guts basic healthcare standards. Many TrumpCare plans won’t be worth the paper they are printed on. He promised cheaper coverage. TrumpCare breaks that promise, driv-ing up premiums, deductibles, and out- of-pocket costs for everyone. It also hits our Nation’s seniors with a dev-astating age tax or perhaps a senior tax that will literally price many sen-iors out of the healthcare market. Mr. Speaker, TrumpCare is a tax break for millionaires parading as a healthcare plan. It will do unimagi-nable harm to our rural hospitals and our economy. The bill was written in secret. It was rushed through this Chamber. And it represents a big-time broken promise. I urge my colleagues to reject TrumpCare. 
f 
HONORING SECOND LIEUTENANT MAAX CURTIS HAMMER, JR. (Mr. BOST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a southern Illinois native who flew planes in Southeast Asia more than 75 years ago. This hero finally re-turned home this week for burial. Second Lieutenant Maax Curtis Ham-mer, Jr., died when his plane crashed in what was then Burma in 1941. Hammer was part of the Flying Tigers, a group of volunteer pilots who helped the Brit-ish and Chinese defend against Impe-rial Japan. His remains returned to Carbondale, Illinois, this week, via dignified trans-port from Hawaii, where he had been buried for 67 years in a grave marked ‘‘Unknown.’’ Maax, it has been a long time. With heavy heart, we welcome you home to southern Illinois, and we thank you for your service. f 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE WATCHING (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today House Republicans are preparing to vote to rip away health care from 24 million Americans, 2.7 million of them in New York. In my district, 122,000 people will lose coverage, including 12,700 children. Those who do retain coverage will pay more for less, with deductibles and premiums sky-rocketing. This is what House Republicans plan to put on the floor today. It is a plan that benefits the healthy and the wealthy while hurting everyone else. If you have a preexisting condition and your coverage lapses, under TrumpCare, get ready to pay more. Are you a senior? Good luck afford-ing medical coverage if TrumpCare be-comes law. You are going to pay the in-surance company five times more than younger people. Mr. Speaker, the American people see this for what it is, a direct assault on the vulnerable in order to give a tax cut to the wealthy and the healthy. Re-ject TrumpCare. 
f 
THINK ABOUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the GOP health repeal bill rips coverage from 24 million Americans. So I ask my colleagues: Can you imagine what it is like to gasp for air, your chest tightening and your lungs burning from asthma, worrying that you might black out because you can-not get enough oxygen? This week a constituent of mine from Fort Lauderdale told me: Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, I am finally able to breathe. The ACA dropped her asthma medi-cine costs from $600 per month to $10. Without the ACA, she cannot afford to breathe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.002 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2353 March 23, 2017 
Can you imagine your medication within reach but you can’t afford to use it? If you take your medicine when you need it, if you help yourself breathe now, you can’t afford it next month. As you jog up the Capitol steps for this vote today, as you take for grant-ed every easy breath you take today, think about your constituents who rely on their health care for their next breath and vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
CONCERNS ABOUT THE HEALTHCARE BILL (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the Re-publican healthcare bill. There is concern with the would-be effects of this legislation, and right-fully so. But if anyone wants to see a real-life example of the detrimental impact of block granting Medicaid, look no further than across the water to the U.S. Virgin Islands, or any of the territories. It is a grim outlook be-cause we experience it every day. Caps on Medicaid have proven to be a fiscal disaster for our budget. Unlike States in the mainland, where Federal Medicaid spending is open-ended, to Virgin Islanders, we can only access Federal dollars up to an annual ceiling because we were not included in the ACA mandate. Cuts to Medicaid affect all of you, every individual. As a result of what has happened in the Virgin Islands, 30 percent of our population is uninsured and hospitals have been left to pick up the bill. If you or your child is ill, you go to the hospital, whether you can take care of the bill or not. This situation places a tremendous burden on our hospitals, creating uncompensated care costs in the tens of millions of dollars. We have to make tough choices of re-moving people from Medicaid, which means loss to elderly and individuals. We ask that you reject this bill. 
f 
b0915 WAIVING REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 221 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 221 Resolved, That the requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to con-sider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of March 27, 2017. SEC. 2. It shall be in order at any time through the calendar day of March 26, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his des-ignee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my dear friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolu-tion, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Rules Committee met for some 13 hours, maybe a little bit more, where we were tasked with the opportunity to bring forth from the Republican Conference the new bill that is to replace the Af-fordable Care Act. That discussion in-volved us taking testimony from the chairman of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, K
EVIN BRADY ; the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, G
REGWALDEN ; and the chairman of the Budget Committee, Mrs. B
LACK . It also involved three other ranking members for those committees. They assembled up in the Rules Committee. We had a very vigorous and open de-bate about the bill, about the effects of the bill, about the things which were occurring within the Republican ma-jority dealing with the United States Senate and dealing with the President of the United States. All three are nec-essary to agree upon a bill if we are to sign it into law. There was a vigorous demand from Democrats to know more information, and I believe I forthrightly attempted to answer those questions. We did not have all the pieces of the puzzle to-gether. We recognized that by the evening hour. So by 11 p.m. last night, upon my consultation with Ranking Member M
CGOVERN , I made a decision that we would not stay up during the evening, we would ask that we would come back today. So we did not actu-ally complete our work last night. I am here today because last night the Rules Committee issued a rule that would be a same-day rule. The issues really don’t change. The facts of the case really don’t change. Information is necessary for us to make an in-formed decision. That is a change. I have told the gentleman, Mr. M
CGOVERN . I have told the gentle-woman, the former Speaker, the leader of the Democrat Party, Ms. P
ELOSI . I have told Mr. H
OYER in a direct dia-logue that we had that I would do my best to make sure that we answer the questions that would be necessary. The gentleman, Mr. M
CGOVERN , who very ably represents his party, understood that I did not have all the answers that I needed. So we are here today with the oppor-tunity to say we are going to do a same-day rule. We are going to try to pass this rule. We are going to try to explain what we are doing. We are going to allow my team, our Repub-lican Conference, to get back together today because they, too, want to know what is the final deal. That is what my conference is doing right now. They are in this building, several hundred Members of Congress, talking, debating, understanding, lis-tening, compromising, yes, on a way that we can approach a chance to change what we see as one of the most devastating pieces of legislation to the economy, to the healthcare system, and, quite honestly, to the standing of America as the greatest country in the world. We think we have to make changes. But today we are here right now to say that we don’t have all those an-swers. A complete agreement was not available by the time I chose to end the matter last night in the Rules Com-mittee. So rather than staying up all night, we are here today. We will be back here today. This is not the debate about the bill. More information is needed. An agreement is needed from my party. And when we reach that agreement, I will then come back. But make no mistake about it, Mr. Speaker, my party intends to bring forth an agreed-to bill that we will be able to show to the American people, and we will own it. We are very capable of saying that we believe that market forces, we believe that free right of in-dividuals, we believe that free physi-cians and opportunities exist and abound, and we will bring that to the floor, and we will openly debate it. Much is being said about a Congres-sional Budget Office report that has caused much fear. Unrightly? No, I can’t say that. But it is certainly ex-plainable. Mr. Speaker, I will start right now. The bottom line is that there are some 30 million people who are uninsured in the United States of America, 30 mil-lion people who did not find a home or chose not to take a government-pro-vided available system that is called the Affordable Care Act. Even more people included within that are paying a penalty of several thousand dollars rather than taking that healthcare sys-tem, that availability. So we believe the right thing to do is not to force anybody, not to have mandates, not to penalize people, but, rather, to make available to them opportunities where it is their decision about what they would do. The corresponding facts of the case are real simple. The Congressional Budget Office said: Fine, if you don’t force people to do it, then some 24 mil-lion people won’t do it within the next 7 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.003 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2354 March 23, 2017 
Well, there are 30 million people today that do not have it and not tak-ing it. So to go from 30 million to 24 million will be a very interesting task for us to understand. Mr. Speaker, no freedom is free. But if we engage in telling the American people that Washington, D.C., knows better than they do, then that is a false promise—is a false promise that our friends, the Democrats, tried and actu-ally failed at. So Republicans, in order to put to-gether their plan—yes, even with the consequences of a ‘‘CBO report that say there will be 24 million people who are uninsured,’’ that is probably right, be-cause they chose not to accept what would be an equal opportunity for them to take what might be called a tax credit that equals some $8,000 for a family of four, allowing them straight up to purchase their own health care for their family. But if they choose not to do it, that is their business. Mr. Speaker, one of my attributes is I come from Dallas, Texas. And Dallas, Texas, for all the great things that we have about us, we think that some of the great things come from the way we believe. We deeply believe we are in some ways a very open city. We have many different thought processes, many people, but we respect each other and don’t try to tell each other what to do. It creates a flourishing environ-ment about ourselves where, when we get in trouble, we stick together; when we see trouble, we ban together. But we tend not to tell each other what to do in our own lives. That is one thing that I think makes us a little bit dif-ferent. We do not count on government to do the things that we should do for ourselves. That is part of the freedom model that I buy off on and part of what we are offering—the Republican Party— today for the American people rather than mandates, dictates, fines, the IRS and all sorts of other government orga-nizations that we could throw in a per-son’s way simply to tell them what to do. We reject that notion. We will, as quickly as possible, bring about a bill that we can explain, that we will own, and that we will pass. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, we aren’t here to debate the government healthcare repeal plan. We aren’t here to debate that because Republican leadership and the White House are huddled behind closed doors as we speak, making deals that will have very real, very serious, very dan-gerous consequences for millions of Americans. Instead, we are here to debate a mar-tial law rule that will allow Repub-licans to rush their bill with its brand- new backroom deals to the floor today without any proper deliberation. As a matter of fact, it would let them rush any bill to the floor today, or any day through Monday. It is a blanket martial law rule that lasts past the weekend—not specific to their healthcare bill, and not even spe-cific to the topic of health care. What other bills could they be con-templating considering? We saw the Buffalo bribe is already in the manager’s amendment, but this rule lets them bring up any other bill before the public has a chance to even know what it is. Maybe something on the Russia investigation, perhaps? I have seen a lot of news on that lately. Or maybe we will give President Trump’s friend Putin a Congressional Gold Medal. It is the least the Repub-licans could do after his help with the election. But let’s talk about what we have learned so far in the press. We first learned from news reports last night that Republicans were considering changes to the bill that would kill the essential health benefits in current law. Now, let me say that again. Essen-tial, as in ‘‘absolutely necessary; ex-tremely important,’’ as defined by the dictionary. And, sure enough, we reported out this martial law rule in the dark of night, which will allow Republicans to bring the new and unimproved version of the bill—again, now with even more backroom deals—to the Rules Com-mittee later today, or in the dead of night, and take it straight to the floor. Apparently, there is no time to even have it sit for 1 day so that Members can read it, let alone get analysis from the nonpartisan experts at CBO. Are they hoping that if they move quickly enough, no one will figure out what they are up to? Well, let me lay it out for everybody. Essential health benefits require insur-ance plans to cover basic essential ben-efits, such as emergency services, ma-ternity care, mental health care and substance abuse treatment, pediatric services, and prescription drugs. Now, The New York Times this morning pointed out that this late- breaking Republican proposal could lead to plans that cover aromatherapy, but not chemotherapy. I mean, really? Are Republicans seri-ously contemplating making a change this massive without hearings? With-out a markup? No CBO estimate of the impact? No chance to read the bill? I have seen a lot in my years here, but this is truly unbelievable. You guys take my breath away. b0930 That is not even considering the al-ready dangerous bill we were supposed to be down here considering right now. Let me just make it clear what that bill actually is. First, it is a massive tax cut for mil-lionaires and billionaires, paid for by taking health insurance away from 24 million people, period. Anyone who takes 5 minutes to look at any unbi-ased analysis of the bill knows that this is true: massive tax cuts for the well-off at the expense of 24 million people. Now, let me paint a picture of how big that number is: Twenty-four million people is basi-cally the entire population of the coun-try of Australia. It is more people than live in the States of Kansas, New Mexico, Ne-braska, West Virginia, Idaho, Hawaii, New Hampshire, Maine, Rhode Island, Montana, Delaware, South Dakota, North Dakota, Alaska, Vermont, Wyo-ming, and the District of Columbia, combined. You know how I know this bill is a tax giveaway for the wealthy, and it is not a healthcare bill? Because, accord-ing to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office—and this is truly incred-ible—it would actually result in more people uninsured than if the Affordable Care Act were simply repealed. Let that sink in for a minute. Second, their bill would cause people to pay more in terms of out-of-pocket expenses, and in return, they will get lower quality health insurance. That is right. Republicans are asking people to pay more for less coverage. In par-ticular, lower income and older Ameri-cans will see their costs skyrocket— those people who can least afford to pay more. Third point, and this is a big one, the bill guts Medicaid and Medicare. Now, don’t take it from me. The AARP said: ‘‘This bill would weaken Medicare’s fis-cal sustainability, dramatically in-crease healthcare costs for Americans aged 50 to 64, and put at risk the health care of millions of children and adults with disabilities, and poor seniors who depend on the Medicaid program for long-term services and supports and other benefits.’’ That is the AARP. In fact, Americans aged 50 to 64 will pay premiums five times higher than what others pay for health coverage no matter how healthy they are. This bill is an age tax, plain and simple, and Re-publicans are cutting $880 billion from Medicaid. That is a 25 percent cut in funding. All this to give tax cuts to the rich and to corporations. The bill must look like a cruel joke to the most vulner-able among us. Representative MOBROOKS , a mem-ber of the Republican Conference said just the other night: ‘‘Quite frankly, I’m persuaded that this Republican healthcare bill . . . long-term, is a det-riment to the future of the United States of America.’’ Finally, even before imposing mar-tial law last night, this process was horrendous. The Republican majority rushed their bill through the com-mittee process without any hearings— none, zero—just holding marathon markups where no Democratic amend-ments were accepted—none, not one. They didn’t even wait for a CBO score. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.006 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2355 March 23, 2017 
Then, when the score finally came, it showed that the bill would kick 24 mil-lion people off their insurance. Did they stop then? No, of course not. Yesterday, in the Rules Committee, we rushed ahead with a cobbled-to-gether manager’s amendment—I am sorry, four cobbled-together manager’s amendments since the originals had er-rors and, again, no CBO score on the updated bill. Didn’t my colleagues learn their les-son from last week? And even worse, the main manager’s amendment, which we received just 36 hours before our meeting, is so full of backroom deals, as I mentioned, like the Buffalo bribe, a cynical—likely un-constitutional—agreement with waver-ing New York Republicans who know the Republican healthcare plan would devastate New York. And now they are saying: Don’t worry. If you don’t like this bill, it is just step one of three. You will get an-other chance to vote on health care during step three. Never mind that they can’t give us the full slate of bills that are part of this mysterious step three. Or maybe I should just take Repub-lican Senator C
OTTON ’s word for it. He said: ‘‘There is no three-step plan. That is just political talk. It’s just politi-cians engaging in spin.’’ Republican T
EDCRUZ from my col-league’s State of Texas called the third prong of this three-bucket strategy ‘‘the sucker’s bucket.’’ The sucker’s bucket—that is your own Member call-ing you a sucker if you vote for this. We heard testimony all day yester-day and well into the night about how disastrous this bill would be for hard-working Americans. We heard about how countless major health organiza-tions oppose this plan, from the Amer-ican Medical Association to the Amer-ican Hospital Association, to the Na-tional Rural Health Association, to the AARP, to the American Society of Ad-diction Medicine, to the National Alli-ance on Mental Illness, and I could go on and on and on and on. This reverse Robin Hood will steal from the working class and give to the wealthy. Under the Republican plan, $2.8 billion in tax breaks will go to the 400 richest families in America each year. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem to be rushing this through in hopes that no one will fig-ure out that it is a tax break for the rich masquerading as a healthcare bill. Now we find ourselves on the floor debating a martial law rule that will take that reckless process from light speed to warp speed. Let me just re-mind my colleagues again that we are talking about people’s lives here. I am pretty sure the middle class Ameri-cans, whom Republicans claim to be helping would be okay with delaying this reckless bill for a little while to give us a chance to find out what the impacts will be. Mr. Speaker, this process is beyond the pale. I am honestly still stunned that we are even here debating a mar-tial law rule on legislation of this mag-nitude when changes to people’s basic, essential health benefits are being con-templated without so much as a single hearing, let alone a CBO score. And again, we have no real clue what Re-publicans will be bringing to the floor later today. I am just going off what I read in the news since we haven’t gotten any ac-tual updates from the other side of the aisle, but this rule would allow them to bring anything to the floor today or to-morrow or Saturday or Sunday or Mon-day—literally anything. Will there be a new bill? Who knows. Will it even be on health care? Beats me. What mysterious changes are they contemplating that are so broad they can’t even narrow their martial law au-thority down to the topic of health care? Please, please, I would ask my col-leagues to slow down. Be thoughtful. This is not a game. You don’t get extra points for being fast. This healthcare repeal affects millions upon millions upon millions of Americans. Don’t jam a disastrous bill through the House with patched-up fixes. Wait for a revised CBO score. Listen to what members of your own Conference are saying. Or better yet, don’t do this at all. Let’s go back to the drawing board. It is clear Republicans never really had a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Don’t pretend you did and then make our most vulnerable pay the consequences. This is a sad day. This is a sad day for this institution, but it is even a sadder day for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the chance for us to be here today means that a lot of people are going to have a lot of opinions, and I appreciate the gentleman having an opinion. He knows what we are doing. So do the American people. The American people are watching TV, and they are seeing where Repub-licans are huddling together and push-ing this activity of health care, debat-ing ideas right, really, before the American people, really, hundreds of TV shows. I have been on 15 or 20 myself where I am saying that the Republican re-placement or repeal of ObamaCare is something we are taking our time to discuss. We are taking our time to make sure our colleagues understand it. We are taking time to be thought-ful. Otherwise, we would have just rushed it through. In fact, we took some 13 hours last night, yesterday, at the Rules Com-mittee to do exactly that. Ms. P
ELOSI  spent 3 hours before the Rules Com-mittee, essentially talking about things that—we see things differently. She thinks she sees things differently than we do, and that is okay. It gave her a chance to have a debate oppor-tunity. This is what this is all about. It does not bother me at all. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we want Members to have a chance to have their thoughts and ideas on the record, to take their time to be thoughtful about what we are doing. And it does matter. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Col-linsville, Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), a gen-tleman whom I came to Congress with in the 105th Congress. The gentleman is from the 15th District of Illinois and served our country as a veteran. He was a West Point graduate, and he is a really good guy. (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, this is an important day, and I have great friends on the other side of the aisle. We debated aggressively, and, in fact, I see one of my colleagues from Cali-fornia. We spent 27
1⁄2hours dealing with our committee of jurisdiction’s markup of the bill. It has been a long time since ObamaCare was passed, 7 years, and those of us on our side said: Well, we didn’t keep the insurance plan they said we were able to keep, we didn’t get to keep the doctor that they promised we could have, we didn’t save the $2,500 a month that was promised would be the savings if we passed ObamaCare. So I would argue, we have been very patient—7 years—and I think the pub-lic has been very patient. The public has judged ObamaCare through a cou-ple of election cycles and has claimed failure. So we are on, as we call it, a rescue mission, because right now pre-miums have increased 25 percent, on average, across the country; one-third of U.S. counties have only one insurer; 4.7 million Americans were kicked off their health plan; and $1 trillion in new taxes. Out of the 23 ObamaCare CO-OPs—I love co-ops. I am from rural America. We believe in co-ops. They are not-for- profits. Out of the 23 ObamaCare CO- OPs, 18 failed. It shows you it is not working: $53 billion in new regulation costs; 176 million hours of paperwork. So what do we do? Republicans be-lieve in transparency. We believe in markets. We believe in competition. We believe in what we are calling coop-erative federalism: returning power to the States. We are seeing that in part of the Medicaid proposals, allowing the en-gines of our country, the States—some have been very, very successful in re-forming the Medicaid programs, pro-viding first-dollar coverage, and some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.008 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2356 March 23, 2017 
have not. Hopefully, they will learn from the other States. We also want to empower the individ-uals in the individual markets. One- size-fits-all, mandatory—you have to have one of only four plans—has de-stroyed the individual market. So 7 years is too long to wait. I ap-preciate us moving aggressively. Time is of the essence. We are on a rescue mission, and this is just another path in the process of repealing and replac-ing ObamaCare. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have a lot of respect for my col-league from Illinois, but let me just say to him that the Republican plan is not a rescue mission. It is a full-fledged attack on the middle class—a rescue plan for the rich, maybe, slamming the middle class with a tax hike. Ripping away coverage and under-mining Medicare is not a rescue mis-sion, I assure you. I have seen the townhalls around the country. They want nothing to do with your rescue plan. Rescuing something you sabotaged, offering Americans a plan that costs more and covers less, going after essen-tial services—please, that is not what the American people want. To my colleague from Texas, the dis-tinguished chairman of the Rules Com-mittee, he is assuring us that Repub-licans are huddled somewhere. Well, I have got news for him. I have been reading press reports that Republicans have canceled their 9 a.m. Conference meeting. As I understand it, one Re-publican Member told the reporter that that move ‘‘tells me it’s panic time.’’ b0945 Another Republican source is quoted as saying: This is such a disaster. Rep-resentative M
ASSIE said: Frankly, it is not very well thought out. So I don’t think people are huddling. I think people are dispersed, and so it makes me even more wary about what we are going to see later today. By the way, all we are asking is that we actually see the bill. We had a Rules Committee hearing yesterday on a bill that, quite frankly, will not be the bill we are going to consider later today or tomorrow or Saturday or Sunday or Monday. We are talking about health care that affects millions and millions of people, and nobody in this Chamber has seen what we are going to vote on. This is ludicrous. How can this be? What are you thinking? Do this right. There is no rush. You don’t get extra points for being fast. When we read about some of the com-promises that are being talked about— going after essential services that basi-cally help the most vulnerable in this country, services like mental health treatment, treatments for opiate addic-tion, maternity care—essential bene-fits are being compromised or being taken away. So what will end up hap-pening is you will get up and say: Yeah, we will sell you insurance. It will be cheap, but you get no coverage. Nothing is covered. That is not what the American peo-ple want. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Appro-priations. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, today House Republicans and President Trump will try to keep a political promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act, despite the plainly obvious and harmful impact this bill would have on hardworking Americans. It is really sad that, after 7 years, my friends on the other side of the aisle still don’t have a bill that they are publicizing, that we can read, that we can carefully analyze. It is sad that we can’t work together on this. This Republican bill would raise pre-miums while increasing out-of-pocket costs, forcing Americans to pay more for less coverage, attack women’s health, threaten retirement savings, force those over age 50 to pay thou-sands more because of the age tax, and cause 14 million Americans to lose health insurance next year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from New York. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, In my district alone, 76,700 would lose cov-erage, including nearly more than 5,000 children and nearly 18,000 adults with employer-sponsored coverage. This isn’t health reform. It is a polit-ical game. Lives are at stake. I hope we vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am delighted that the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) came down. She, not unlike many of those in her party, are in-tensely interested in making sure that the American people are going to get the opportunity to have something that I have always said is equal to or better than. The bottom line is that families on ObamaCare, or the Affordable Care Act, today—and that includes almost every single Member of Congress, in-cluding myself and my family—did not get what we were told would happen. Much of the Affordable Care Act was not even decided and developed until after the bill was put together, and we knew that ahead of time. They told us it is going to take a couple of years for us to put this together. Right now, here, today, only about 24 out of 100 physicians across this country even ac-cept ObamaCare. The Republican plan is not simple, but it is easy to understand, and that is this: We allow every single person to stay on ObamaCare 2017, 2018, and 2019. That is undeniably in the bill, and they know that. We are allowing every single Amer-ican that does not, today, receive the tax benefit, the benefit that goes back to World War II, an untaxed benefit by employers—we are allowing every sin-gle American family to be able to re-ceive a tax credit. You cannot use both. You cannot double-dip into an-other system. But we are allowing every single one of those families that, today, was completely excluded or chose not to take ObamaCare to re-ceive a tax credit. That tax credit for families is impor-tant because, today, they are paying after-tax dollars if they choose to get health care. And tomorrow what we will do is allow up to $8,000 for a family of four—that is $8,000 for a tax credit for a family—effective in November of a year to be able to, before they pur-chase their health care in January, to designate the first $8,000 to the healthcare plan of their choice. Well, that obviously doesn’t fly well either because the Democrats want to tell people what they have to have. Most families don’t need many things that are covered. Why should they pay for that? Oh, because the Democratic Party, Washington, D.C., says you have to. These are essential items. No, no, no. A family will be able to make their own decisions and not pay for what they don’t need. So, Mr. Speaker, there always are at least two sides of the story. And it is true that what the Republican Party is going to do is allow people to make their own choice, but to give them the tools necessary. And if a family decides to do that, then they can; if they de-cide not to, they don’t have to. Just like what is happening today where people are required to get health care but 30 million people are uninsured, figure that one out, Mr. Speaker. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ) says the Republican bill is sim-ple and easy to understand. My ques-tion is: Where the hell is it? Maybe it is under the table. We haven’t seen it. Every time we get the bill, it changes. So maybe they ought to start with giving us the bill so people know what the bill would do. Mr. Speaker, I want to point out to my colleagues, this is a new analysis from the Tax Policy Center and the Urban Institute’s Healthy Policy Cen-ter that shows just how dramatically these tax cuts benefit the wealthy at the expense of the middle class and working class families. This bill really is a giveaway to the rich. This chart clearly illustrates that disparity. The rich would benefit greatly from the tax cuts in the bill, with a family making more than $200,000 receiving a $5,680 tax cut, and a family making more than a million dollars a year get-ting a $51,410 break on their taxes. That is too high to even fit on the chart. Meanwhile, families making less than $50,000 will be paying the price. This bill really is a massive giveaway to the well-off and to the wealthy. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.009 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2357 March 23, 2017 
is going to hurt the middle class. This is not what the American people want. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I never thought in coming to Congress that I would be voting on legislation that would take away health insurance from 24 million Americans, including my own constituents. The Speaker said that this legisla-tion is an act of mercy. I think it is merciless. Every human being has a spark of divinity in them, and we dis-honor that with this legislation. It is not worthy of the American people. There is less coverage, higher costs, elimination of essential services—not only for what people need day to day but for the unexpected. That is what insurance is all about. There is a crushing age tax for people between the ages of 50 and 64. What has happened to the GOP? Is it now ‘‘get older people’’? This does not deserve one vote in the House of Representatives. It is shame-ful, and it is immoral. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We have at least two different sides up here, and people are entitled to be-lieve whatever they want to believe. I am entitled to the same opinion of my-self, also. There are also a set of answers and facts that need to be given, evidently, and that is, in fact, we do make changes in the bill to ObamaCare. We do. Mr. Speaker, the law, the way it was written, we have virtually few 30-year- olds to 45-year-olds that actually pay for ObamaCare, the people we were told who needed it the most. The reason why is because it was dictated from Washington how to rate the coverage. In rating that coverage, it became so illogically expensive for a young per-son to pay an astronomical amount for their insurance, and even many times a higher value for their deductible, to where 30-year-olds, 35-year-olds, 36- year-olds, 37-year-olds chose simply not to take the policy offered. So what do Republicans do? It is real simple. Here is what Republicans do: They allow the States the flexibility to determine what might be called a rat-ing. And it is true that, now, people will be rated based upon their own actu-arial experience of where they are in life, their age. Mr. Speaker, it is true that a 25-year-old, 30-year-old, 35-year- old needs less necessary intricate and expensive health care. And it is actu-arially true that the older that we get—I celebrated my birthday yester-day. I get it. I am getting older, and I probably am a little more expensive at the doctor in things that I need, espe-cially into my future. So what we did is we said where you have that rating system, we will allow more money through the tax credit system to adjust that so that a 50- to 64-year-old will not be at a disadvan-tage because those, too, are the people we want in the healthcare plan. So we are actually going to add, by making it actuarially sound and at-tractive, a whole bunch of younger peo-ple; and we are going to recognize this balance, and we are going to provide more of an incentive to balance out for those who are older. That makes sense. It is also reality based, Mr. Speaker. But to say that someone is going to be paying more without us recognizing that and doing something about it would not be a fair argument. I reserve the balance of my time. b1000 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
HANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership and for yielding me the time. When the President campaigned, he said he wanted more benefits, more coverage, and lower premiums. Since he got to the White House, he said, well, health care is complicated; and they have tried to create a bill with the Republicans cobbling every special interest group and every faction. But the President knows it doesn’t have to be complicated. He knows the solution. In 2000, he wrote that the Ca-nadian plan, single-payer plan, helps Canadians live longer and healthier than Americans. There are fewer med-ical lawsuits, less loss of labor to sick-ness, and lower cost to companies pay-ing for medical care for their employ-ees. He wrote further that, ‘‘We, as a Na-tion, need to reexamine the single- payer plan;’’ and he advocated for a single-payer plan. Mr. President, what has changed? You know what the solution is. If you are serious about health care, work with people like Senator S
ANDERS , Congressman W
ELCH , and others, and offer a real solution to the American people. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, we have heard this legislation described as a rescue mission and an act of mercy. Don’t insult the intelligence of the American people. This bill is the cru-elest and most immoral piece of legis-lation I have seen since I arrived in Congress. It will rip insurance from 24 million hardworking Americans, in-cluding 60,000 Rhode Islanders. It will put $600 billion in tax breaks into the hands of the powerful, wealthy special interests. This is not a healthcare bill. This is a tax-cut bill. Let’s call it what it is. It is going to produce higher costs, higher premiums, and more out-of-pocket ex-penses. It imposes a crushing age tax on older Americans. It ransacks funds that seniors rely on for long-term care, and it will destroy nearly 2 million jobs. All of this harm to the American peo-ple, to settle a political score, and to reward your friends and wealthy spe-cial interests. Shame on President Trump and shame on the Republican Party for doing this to the American people. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. What a shame the gentleman was not here to vote for the Affordable Care Act when it took hold several years ago, and he would have known this is a bad deal. Mr. Speaker, even the American peo-ple cannot be fooled. The American people saw ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, waste billions of dollars sim-ply to try and put together a computer system. Mr. Speaker, the American people understand it was a tax bill. It is about using the IRS, and they were going to add 17,000 employees, literally, to beat the brains out of the American people to force them into having health care from Washington. Mr. Speaker, no wonder Republicans won the majority several years ago. No wonder Republicans have saved the American people not only from the IRS, but from the massive taxes that were embedded within this huge gov-ernment takeover of our healthcare system. The bottom line is that my col-leagues have not yet met a tax they wouldn’t be for. They have not yet built and grown these massive govern-ment organizations to the tune that they want to force the American people to do things. And they are having a dif-ficult time understanding today why the American people—if given a choice and an opportunity and an advantage that would be fair for all Americans to have a tax credit, why that is some-thing that people really want to see. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Trump may or may not have contemplated every single part of the healthcare issue, but I will tell you what he did understand. And that is, draining the swamp from a sys-tem that takes away your freedom, that saps the economic growth and vi-tality of this country, and that empow-ers the Internal Revenue Service is a bad idea. Mr. Speaker, having to qualify by going through the IRS to look at your records first to determine whether you qualify for a subsidy should be an em-barrassment, and it was seen that way by the American people. Mr. Speaker, to guess at how much money and work you would have during the year, and then if you are wrong, pay up, was a system that did not work because many physicians across this country and many hospitals simply do not take ObamaCare. They are acting like it was a gift from God. Mr. Speaker, it did not work, and it does not work. The Republican Party is going to find a way, and we are going to get our act together, and we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.012 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2358 March 23, 2017 
going to gleefully go and do the right thing. It is a process, Mr. Speaker. It is a long process. It actually does take the House, the Senate, and the Presi-dent, and we are going to get our job done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 10 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me just say that I feel bad for the gen-tleman from Texas for having to defend this lousy rule and this lousy bill all by himself. We have so many speakers here, we don’t have enough time to ac-commodate them all. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, since the ACA was enacted, California’s un-insured rate has dropped by 54 percent. Over 263,000 people have gained cov-erage in the three counties in my dis-trict. But now my Republican col-leagues want us to pass a replacement bill that will strip away health care for 24 million Americans. TrumpCare guts the Medicare pro-gram and creates a new, pre-broken system that rations health care for more than 76 million Americans. In my district alone, more than 64,000 people will lose coverage because of the provi-sions of the Republican replacement bill. It will take money away from our hospitals and eliminate 4,000 jobs in San Joaquin County alone. Working and middle class families will be forced to pay more for less. This will increase healthcare costs and decrease the qual-ity of coverage available. Americans deserve access to quality healthcare coverage and health care that they can afford. I ask my Republican colleagues to withdraw this terrible bill and work across the aisle, for once, to improve the ACA that benefits all Americans. I strongly oppose this bill and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, we are here to discuss the rule for voting on TrumpCare, or RyanCare, or whatever they are calling it today, based on who-ever is willing to put their name to it. But we learned upon arrival at work that the rules are that there are no rules. It is ‘‘Lord of the Flies Day’’ here in the House of Representatives. They want to make us vote on a bill that no one has even read. No one can find it. Anything goes. The whole process has been a disaster, a debacle, a mockery of democracy—no hearings, no witnesses, no experts, no process, no deliberation, and now no bill even. But the American people are saying ‘‘no way.’’ The polls show people are turning dramatically against that wreck of legislation that is missing in Washington today. Yesterday, we heard about the Buf-falo Bribe, the Hudson Hustle, the Kinderhook Kickback, every manner to try to round up votes from Members who know their political careers are in danger for going anywhere near this bill. What do they propose to do? What we know is they want to kick 24 million Americans off their health care, destroy Planned Parenthood, and transfer $600 billion up the wealth lad-der in the United States. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Maryland. Mr. RASKIN. This legislation, how-ever it turns out today, will crash the system, which is what their chief strat-egist, Steve Bannon, has said he wants to do. If a foreign power like the Rus-sians proposed to do this to America, we would consider it an act of aggres-sion and war against the American peo-ple. This bill is not a rescue mission, as they say. It is a wrecking ball, and we should put it to bed once and for all today. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, and to my friends on the Republican side, you have got the perfect bill. It cuts taxes, $800 billion, largely at the high end. It cuts 24 million people off of health care. And it ends the Medicaid entitle-ment. What is the problem? Bring your bill up here. Now, what you have is not a healthcare bill. You have a tax-cut bill masquerading as a healthcare bill, and your hesitation is the collateral damage that you are going to do to the people who voted for you will become clear. To the hospitals in rural America we need, that damage will become clear. To the people age 50 to 64, who are going to get hammered, hammered at a point in their life when, more than ever, they need health care, you are going to stick it to them. The people who supported you, the people who believed in you are the people you are turning your back on. I say, bring your bill up here. Vote it. Take ownership of what it is you are doing. I welcome your courage in tell-ing rural America that they don’t mat-ter. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are advised to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am compelled to come to the floor this morning to urge my Republican colleagues to stop hiding the TrumpCare bill. The American people and their Representatives deserve to know what is in the bill. But here is what we know so far. It rips coverage away from millions of our neighbors back home. It is a mas-sive tax or cost increase for people’s in-surance, whether you have it through healthcare.gov or through your private employer. It imposes a significant age tax on our older neighbors back home. It cuts Medicare and shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund. It breaks the fundamental guarantee we have with our neighbors back home who are Alzheimer’s patients, children with complex conditions, the disabled, under Medicaid, all to give a massive tax break to the wealthiest people in America. That is a failure in vision and a fail-ure in values, and this bill should be hidden forever. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this merciless bill, ironically called a healthcare bill, would be disastrous for this country’s health, and especially harmful to the people in my home State of New York. It will not expand access to health care, as promised. It will, instead, rip away healthcare insurance from 24 mil-lion people, including 2.7 million in New York City, people who already have health care. And it will not make premiums more affordable, as prom-ised. It will, instead, raise premiums across this Nation. Premiums in New York would go up an estimated $1,000 next year alone. It cuts all Federal funding for a year for Planned Parenthood clinics, which serve women in need across this coun-try. And to make an already bad bill even worse, this bill cuts nearly $5 bil-lion in funding for New York’s hos-pitals that serve some of our most vul-nerable people. Voting for this bill is voting to cause sure and certain harm to millions of Americans. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, we are considering a bill so bad it was kept under lock and key, hidden from Demo-crats and those Republicans who would not pledge allegiance to it; a bill that was so destructive that no witness would come to defend or explain it in all-night committee sessions; a bill jammed through this House, logically, you would expect this special rule to jam it through today. What is at stake here is not only the crumbling and destruction of health care, but it is the crumbling of our de-mocracy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.013 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2359 March 23, 2017 
Our Republican colleagues need to re-member that this is Washington, not Moscow. This is Congress, not the Duma. We deserve a fair consideration of this bill open to discussion because of its impact on millions of Americans who will lose their access to a family physician. These heavyhanded tactics reflect the fear of the American public getting an opportunity to look thor-oughly at this bill and understand what it does to each family affected. Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the rule. b1015 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, today the Republicans are doing something that goes against what was promised in the campaign, and that was that everyone would have insur-ance, the insurance would be better, and it would cost less. But, instead, we are going in the opposite direction. Less people are going to have insur-ance; 24 million are being kicked off. It is going to cost more for the insurance, and you are going to get less insurance coverage than what you are paying for. It is a total disaster what they are try-ing to do here. Today, they are going to meet with the Freedom Caucus at 11:30, I under-stand, over at the White House. So the bill is going to get worse. Can you imagine that? If you have got fooled the first time, don’t get fooled again. If someone tells you something that you know is not true or that you thought was true and you find out it is not true, don’t fall for it again, Members. It is time for change in America. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the article from today’s New York Times titled, ‘‘Late GOP Proposal Could Mean Plans That Cover Aromatherapy But Not Chemo-therapy.’’ 
[From the New York Times, Mar. 23, 2017] L
ATE G.O.P. P ROPOSAL COULD MEAN PLANS  T
HAT COVER AROMATHERAPY BUTNOT C
HEMOTHERAPY  (By Margot Sanger-Katz) Most Republicans in Congress prefer the type of health insurance market in which ev-eryone could ‘‘choose the plan that’s right for them.’’ Why should a 60-year-old man have to buy a plan that includes maternity benefits he’ll never use? (This is an example that comes up a lot.) In contrast, the Affordable Care Act includes a list of benefits that have to be in every plan, a reality that makes insurance comprehensive, but often costly. Now, a group of conservative House mem-bers is trying to cut a deal to get those ben-efit requirements eliminated as part of the bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act moving through Congress. (The vote in the House is expected later today.) At first glance, this may sound like a won-derful policy. Why should that 60-year-old man have to pay for maternity benefits he will never use? If 60-year-old men don’t need to pay for benefits they won’t use, the price of insurance will come down, and more peo-ple will be able to afford that coverage, the thinking goes. And people who want fancy coverage with extra benefits can just pay a little more for the plan that’s right for them. But there are two main problems with stripping away minimum benefit rules. One is that the meaning of ‘‘health insurance’’ can start to become a little murky. The sec-ond is that, in a world in which no one has to offer maternity coverage, no insurance company wants to be the only one that offers it. Here is the list of Essential Health Bene-fits that are required under the Affordable Care Act: Ambulatory patient services (doctor’s vis-its) Emergency services Hospitalization Maternity and newborn care Mental health and substance abuse dis-order services, including behavioral health treatment Prescription drugs Rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices Laboratory services Preventive and wellness services, and chronic disease management Pediatric services, including oral and vi-sion care The list reflects some lobbying of the members of Congress who wrote it. You may notice that dental services are required for children, but not adults, for example. But over all, the list was developed to make in-surance for people who buy their own cov-erage look, roughly, like the kind of cov-erage people get through their employer. A plan without prescription drug coverage would probably be cheaper than one that covers it, but most people wouldn’t think of that plan as very good insurance for people who have health care needs. Under the Republican plan, the govern-ment would give people who buy their own insurance money to help them pay for it. A 20-year-old who doesn’t get coverage from work or the government, for example, would get $2,000. If the essential health benefits go away, insurance companies would be allowed to sell health plans that don’t cover, say, hospital care. Federal money would help buy these plans. But history illustrates a potential prob-lem. In the 1990s, Congress created a tax credit that helped low-income people buy insurance for their children. Quickly, it became clear that unscrupulous entrepreneurs were cre-ating cheap products that weren’t very use-ful, and marketing them to people eligible for the credit. Congress quickly repealed the provision after investigations from the Gov-ernment Accountability Office and the Ways and Means Committee uncovered fraud. Mark Pauly, a professor of health care management at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, who tends to favor market solutions in health care, said that while the Obamacare rules are ‘‘pater-nalistic,’’ it would be problematic to offer subsidies without standards. ‘‘If they’re going to offer a tax credit for people who are buying insurance, well, what is insurance?’’ he said, noting that you might end up with the government paying for plans that cov-ered aromatherapy but not hospital care. ‘‘You have to specify what’s included.’’ A proliferation of $1,995 plans that covered mostly aromatherapy could end up costing the federal government a lot more money than the current G.O.P. plan, since far more people would take advantage of tax credits to buy cheap products, even if they weren’t very valuable. There’s another reason, besides avoiding fraud, that health economists say benefit rules are important. Obamacare requires in-surers to offer health insurance to people who have preexisting illnesses at the same price as they sell them to healthy people, and the Republican bill would keep this rule. But if an insurance company designs a plan that attracts a lot of sick people, it will be very expensive to cover them, and the insur-ance company will either lose money or end up charging extremely high prices that would drive away any healthy customers. Sherry Glied, the dean of the Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service at New York University, who helped work on the essential health benefits in the Obama administration, raised the example of men-tal health benefits. Parents of adolescents with schizophrenia will be sure to buy insur-ance that covers only mental health serv-ices. Other parents won’t care about that benefit. The result: Any company offering such benefits will end up with a lot of customers requiring expensive hospitalizations, while its competitors that drop them will get healthier customers who are cheaper to in-sure. If mental health services are optional, no insurance company will want to offer them, lest all the families with sick children buy their product and put them out of busi-ness. And then healthy people who develop men-tal illness, or drug addiction, will also learn that their illness isn’t covered. The result could be a sort of market failure: ‘‘If you don’t require that these benefits are re-quired, they often just get knocked out of the market altogether,’’ she said. Before Obamacare passed, there were few federal standards for health insurance bought by individuals, and it was not uncom-mon to find plans that didn’t include pre-scription drug coverage, mental health serv-ices or maternity care. But plans tended to cover most of the other benefits. That was in a world where health insurers could discrimi-nate against sick people. In that era, insur-ers in most states could simply tell the mother of a mentally ill child that she couldn’t buy insurance. That made it less risky for insurers to offer mental health ben-efits to everyone else. David Cutler, a professor at Harvard who helped advise the Obama administration on the Affordable Care Act, said he thinks the kind of insurance products that would be of-fered under the proposed mix of policies could become much more bare-bones than plans before Obamacare. He envisioned an environment in which a typical plan might cover only emergency care and basic preven-tive services, with everything else as an add- on product, costing almost exactly as much as it would cost to pay for a service out-of- pocket. ‘‘Think of this as the if-you-have-rheu-matoid-arthritis-you-should-pay-$30,000 pro-vision,’’ he said. Such a system would mean that Americans with costly problems—can-cer, opioid addiction, H.I.V.—would end up paying a substantially higher share of their medical bills, while healthy people would pay lower prices for insurance that wouldn’t cover as many treatments. There is most likely a middle way. Repub-lican lawmakers might be comfortable with a system that shifts more of the costs of care onto people who are sick, if it makes the av-erage insurance plan less costly for the healthy. But making those choices would mean engaging in very real trade-offs, less simple than their talking point. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would be delighted if we had actual text to look at right now, but, instead, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.015 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2360 March 23, 2017 
we are forced to rely on news reports, and what I am reading in the news is not good. The article that I just included in the R
ECORD also quotes a Harvard professor who says: ‘‘Think of this as the if-you- have-rheumatoid-arthritis-you-should- pay-$30,000 provision.’’ The article says that we could go back to a world where insurers could simply tell the mother of a mentally ill child that she couldn’t buy insurance. It is ironic that the Republicans want to take away a woman’s choice about a pregnancy, and then it looks like they are going to take away any insurance she needs for prenatal care or mater-nity care. What are we doing here, Mr. Speak-er? What will we be asked to vote on later today? If these sorts of dangerous ideas are being considered, we, the American people, deserve to know. Twenty-four million people are going to lose their insurance under the pro-posal the Republicans are considering. People will pay more and get less. There will be huge tax cuts for the rich. Again, we don’t even have the final text. This is awful. This is unac-ceptable. I will remind my colleagues that this is about the American people. Put the people of this country ahead of your party, ahead of your ideology, and ahead of this President who just dis-covered that health care is com-plicated. This is a life-or-death issue for many in this country. Health care is very personal. Don’t take it away from peo-ple. Let’s work in a bipartisan way to make the improvements in the Afford-able Care Act that we all know need to be made, but don’t just tear apart a healthcare system that is providing an additional 20 million Americans health insurance. Please don’t do this. Slow down. Pro-vide us the text of the bill. Let’s have hearings. Let’s bring the American people into the Congress and listen to what they have to say. Listen to what your own constituents have been say-ing to you in townhalls. They don’t want what you are selling here today. They don’t want your rescue plan. They want health care for themselves and their families, and that is what they deserve. So, please, vote down this martial law rule and go back to the drawing board. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Seven years ago, Mr. Speaker, this town was abuzz with this new healthcare plan, the Affordable Care Act, that was signed by the President of the United States. We were promised an enormous opportunity to make health care better. Mr. Speaker, fortunately, the Amer-ican people had a chance to make a de-cision, and the American people—after watching and seeing not only people in-capable of putting databases together, incapable of understanding market-places, and incapable of understanding the limits of the American people’s real need to understand and to have a better healthcare system—gave up on ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act. They gave up on it because, after 7 long years, they understood it simply didn’t equal what they were sold. The Republican Party is selling what we believe in, and this is the beginning of that sell. It is a beginning of an un-derstanding for most Members of this body and the American people to un-derstand you can keep your own doctor and you can keep your own healthcare plan, but you, too, can make your own decisions. You can become a consumer. Oh, my gosh, somebody from Wash-ington isn’t going to tell us exactly what to do? Let’s scare everybody; let’s make them think that the American people can’t make their own decisions without the IRS or Washington telling them what to do. I understand there are some frustra-tions. I get that. I can be frustrated; I am not. It is true last week I held a townhall meeting in Dallas, Texas. It is true a bunch of people yelled and screamed at me. They simply wanted to know: Yes or no, yes or no. Mr. Speaker, policy is not like that in our country. The Republican Party does owe people thoughts, ideas, and plans. We will have the bill, and when we do it, we will own it, and we will be proud of it. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a joint resolution of the House of the following title: 
H.J. Res. 83. Joint Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employ-er’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Re-cordable Injury and Illness’’. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 9355(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Chair, on be-half of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Acad-emy: The Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) (Committee on Appropria-tions). The Senator from Hawaii (Ms. HIRONO ) (Committee on Armed Serv-ices). The message also announced that pursuant to section 4355(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Chair, on be-half of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: The Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) (Committee on Armed Services). The Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) (Committee on Appropria-tions). The message also announced that pursuant to section 1295b(h) of title 46 App., United States Code, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: The Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) (At Large). The Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation). The message also announced that pursuant to section 194(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by Public Law 101–595, and further amend-ed by Public Law 113–281, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Acad-emy: The Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation). The Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) (At Large). The message also announced that pursuant to section 6968(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Chair, on be-half of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: The Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) (Committee on Appro-priations). The Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) (At Large). 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 22 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b2005 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 8 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.017 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2361 March 23, 2017 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 23, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 23, 2017, at 1:36 p.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment S.J. Res. 34. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 221; Adopting House Resolution 221, if or-dered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 221) waiving a require-ment of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with re-spect to consideration of certain reso-lutions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 185, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 188] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Brady (TX) Jeffries Lieu, Ted Meadows Meeks Payne Rush Slaughter Takano Tsongas Webster (FL) 
b2044 Messrs. GONZALEZ of Texas and VELA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. SMITH of New Jersey, CAL-VERT, KNIGHT, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. POLIQUIN, and L
AHOOD changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 189, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 189] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.006 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2362 March 23, 2017 
Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOES—189 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) NOT VOTING—13 
Diaz-Balart Franks (AZ) Hartzler Jeffries Lieu, Ted Meeks Olson Payne Rush Slaughter Takano Tsongas Webster (FL) 
b2051 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), my friend, for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for tomorrow. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Members are advised that votes are now expected in the House tomorrow, March 24, 2017. I know this is a change from our previously announced sched-ule. Members should be prepared for multiple vote series, the first of which will be as early as 10 a.m. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. May I ask, do you know when the Rules Committee will meet, Mr. Major-ity Leader? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The Rules Committee will meet to-morrow morning. I anticipate a short amendment will be posted as early as tonight. It is our expectation the Rules Committee will meet tomorrow morn-ing to report the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 1628, the Amer-ican Health Care Act. Upon adoption of that rule, the House will proceed with general debate on the measure and final passage. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Leader, if the Rules Committee meets, say, at 9 a.m., and you said the earliest vote at 10 a.m., obviously, a lot of our Members are focused on what time they have to be here to make sure they make a vote, and you said the ear-liest would be 10, but if you have the Rules Committee reporting out, would it be perhaps closer to 10:30? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I anticipate the Rules Committee meeting earlier than 9 a.m. tomorrow. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, can the gentleman tell us how long you antici-pate the debate on the bill itself would be? Obviously, I am asking that in the context of when can Members believe that we may be concluding tomorrow’s business? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. It is our anticipation to be done in the afternoon, but the gentleman may know better how long it will take based upon as we move through during the day. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am not going to tell the gentleman, but it was a good fishing trip that the gentleman was on. I thank the gentleman, but my as-sumption is that Members can be rel-atively confident, based upon what we are going to do and what you are going to do, to be out of here somewhere be-fore 5 p.m. tomorrow; is that correct? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to grab the exact time, but it is our anticipation, after the Rules Com-mittee meets, that we come down and have a rules vote. We will have hours of debate, and then we will proceed with the vote, and as orderly as we can get done, we will get done by the afternoon as early as possible. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s information, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the question on agree-ing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 202, noes 197, answered ‘‘present’’ 4, not voting 26, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.005 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2363 March 23, 2017 
[Roll No. 190] AYES—202 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Correa Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Esty Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gonzalez (TX) Granger Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Ratcliffe Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Vela Wagner Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Welch Westerman Williams Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—197 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Eshoo Espaillat Evans Faso Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gallagher Gibbs Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast Matsui McEachin McGovern McKinley Meehan Meeks Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Neal Noem Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Raskin Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Sewell (AL) Sires Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—4 
Lofgren Rice (SC) Richmond Tonko 
NOT VOTING—26 
Bustos Clyburn Cohen Fitzpatrick Gohmert Goodlatte Grijalva Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Lieu, Ted Loebsack MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Payne Perry Pittenger Reichert Ross Rush Slaughter Takano Tsongas Turner Webster (FL) Wilson (SC) 
b2101 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
WATER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, yes-terday was World Water Day. When we are thirsty, we walk 3 feet to the nearest faucet or grab a bottle of water out of the refrigerator. Sadly, there are almost 800 million people who lack access to clean drinking water. It is unacceptable that in the year 2017 there are women who are still forced to walk miles to obtain water from polluted rivers. These rivers are not clear springs. Instead, they are riv-ers infected with waste, parasites, and other insects. That is why my friend Representa-tive B
LUMENAUER and I filed and Con-gress passed the Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act. It helps USAID focus on safe drinking water, better sanitation, hygiene in schools, and clinics in villages for poor people throughout the world. USAID’s goal is to give 10 million people sustainable access to clean water by next year. They are well on their way to achieving this. Clean water saves lives, and Ameri-cans should be proud of what they are doing in helping people worldwide to have that clean water. And that is just the way it is. f 
RISING IN STRONG OPPOSITION TO THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Republican effort to gut the Affordable Care Act. Twenty million people, including 100,000 Rhode Islanders, receive health coverage under the ACA. Because of the proposed plan to repeal the ACA that the Republicans are proposing, they are now threatened with losing that coverage. Instead of working in a bipartisan manner to improve the law, this bill will eliminate coverage for 24 million people, while drastically increasing healthcare costs on hardworking mid-dle class Americans. Over the next 5 years, Rhode Island officials estimate Medicaid cuts would cost the State $595 million to make sure that 75,000 low-income adults don’t lose coverage. Now, this is a burden that my State or others cannot afford to bear, and it will decimate services and supports for low- and middle-income adults, chil-dren, seniors, and especially people with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, we are better than this as a country. Americans’ health will be jeopardized if consumer protections and comprehensive coverage developed under the ACA are cast aside in a par-tisan push to repeal. Let’s not do this. Let’s join together instead and make improvements to the ACA to make it better. Let’s not work against us to repeal it. I urge my colleagues to oppose this unconscionable bill. 
f 
LET’S GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD FOR A BETTER HEALTHCARE BILL (Mr. BERA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I stand here not as a Member of the Congress, but as a doctor. And as a doctor, health care is about taking care of patients. That is why the bill that might come before us is a bad bill. It raises the cost of care for many people. It makes mil-lions of folks lose their health insur-ance. It raises the cost on elderly pa-tients. There is an age tax in there. This is a bad bill. Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s come together as Democrats and Republicans, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.007 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2364 March 23, 2017 
let’s make sure health care is available and affordable for every American. I don’t want to go back to the days where I would see a patient who may have cancer and I couldn’t take care of them because they didn’t have that healthcare coverage. Let’s go back to the drawing board. This is a bad bill. You guys know it is a bad bill. Let’s do this, and let’s come up with a better bill. 
f 
SPEAKING IN SUPPORT OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I think the American people have seen the scrambling and the unraveling today, the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act which allowed more than 20 million people to achieve opportunities and access to health care that many have never had. Throughout America, the Affordable Care Act provided hardworking Ameri-cans access to wellness care, hos-pitalization, care that they could not have before because it eliminated the barrier for those who had preexisting disease. Now, tomorrow we will be debating this fast-moving, thoughtless, and dev-astating legislation that will see, in 2026, some 52 to 54 million Americans without insurance and undermine the opportunity for those in nursing homes, disabled, the blind, and many others, children, that are in great need of health care eliminated. So I don’t know what the purpose of this bill is tomorrow, but we will be here to debate it and hopefully defeat it, because I believe that the quality of life for all Americans truly is based upon their access to good, strong health care. That is what the Afford-able Care Act is, helping rural hos-pitals, providing hospital resources for uncompensated care. So, Mr. Speaker, tomorrow we will be debating a bill that, hopefully, will be defeated because it will not save lives. 
f 
ADDRESSING HEALTHCARE CHALLENGES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized until 10 p.m. as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate your agreeing to be down here with me tonight. I came down to talk about health care, but I actually have a personal story I want to tell before that begins, right there in the middle of the realm of health care, a friend of mine back home in Georgia. His name is Jon Richards. Mr. Speaker, you have folks like Jon Richards in your district, people who just believe that, if only they work hard enough and long enough, they can make things better for their entire community. Jon is one of those folks. And what I love most about Jon is he looks for those things that other folks aren’t doing. You know, there are those folks back home. Everybody wants that glam-orous job. Everybody wants to do that thing that comes with the perks or the fringe benefits. Jon Richards was at-tracted to those jobs that he knew would matter, that he knew needed to get done but other folks weren’t filling those shoes. Mr. Speaker, I tell you this about Jon because Jon was diagnosed with liver cancer; and as is always true when you have a friend get diagnosed with cancer, you believe that they are going to be better. I learned this week that Jon has been moved to hospice and isn’t getting better. Mr. Speaker, Jon was one of the first folks to give me even the time of day when I thought about seeking this op-portunity to serve. Jon was the first person there every Saturday morning when breakfast was getting started for the Gwinnett County Republican Party, and he was the last one to leave when the Young Republicans down at the University of Georgia were fin-ishing up. It was young people that were his passion, Mr. Speaker. Jon saw a Repub-lican Party that he worried was going to become more closed. He worked to open it up. Jon saw a Republican Party that was getting grayer. He was work-ing with young people who were our fu-ture. Jon saw a Republican Party that had an opportunity to make a dif-ference, and he seized that opportunity every single day. In 2014, Mr. Speaker, the entire State of Georgia, Georgia Republican Party, named Jon Richards the Volunteer of the Year. Truth be told, he would have won that honor every single year, you just can’t give it to somebody over and over again. I think Jon appreciated that. If you go back and try to look for pictures of Jon so you can put a name with a face, Mr. Speaker, you are like-ly not to see too many. He was also the guy who had the camera around his neck taking pictures of everybody else, making sure that everybody else had something to remember the day by, making sure that everybody else was involved and appreciated, making sure everybody else was served. b2115 I have known Jon Richards for a long time. I have never known him to do a single thing to benefit himself. Time and time and time again, he did the things that others wouldn’t do. Time and time and time again, he would pull me aside and say: R
OB, I know how we can be better together. There is no replacement for Jon Richards—not in our county, not in our State, not in my life. Mr. Speaker, I haven’t had much ex-perience saying good-bye to folks over the years. I have been extremely blessed in that way. But I hope that you will join me as you say your pray-ers tonight in praying for my friend in hospice, Jon Richards, and for his fam-ily as he enters what will be a very long weekend for him. Mr. Speaker, Jon would be the first one to be standing outside these doors pushing us forward on healthcare re-form, and he would be doing it because he sees the human condition that is af-fected by health care. He sees the fami-lies that have expectations, families to whom promises have been made, fami-lies to whom promises have been bro-ken. And he knows that we can do bet-ter. Mr. Speaker, what he and I would often sit and talk about is that there are challenges in this country that ab-solutely, positively have to be ad-dressed. I have friends on the right, I have friends on the left, and I often be-lieve that if we could just sit down in a room together, we would solve them if we could agree on what the problem was. Mr. Speaker, I have a chart here. You can’t see it from where you sit, but it shows you where America gets its healthcare coverage. I bring this up be-cause that is the crux of the healthcare debate that we are having here. About 46 percent of Americans, Mr. Speaker, get their coverage from their em-ployer. When the President was push-ing the Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010, he was talking about the unin-sured Americans, and surely we can do more for those families who don’t have access to health care. But 46 percent of Americans had access to health care, had it through their employer, were not seeking help or improvement, but in an effort to make a difference for the small percentage of Americans who are uninsured, the President and my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle chose to reregulate all health care across the country. It wasn’t just the lie of the year, as the newspaper PolitiFact called it, Pinocchios—if you like your doctor, you can keep it; if you like your doc-tor, you can keep it. It wasn’t just that that promise was broken; it is that folks who weren’t seeking any help at all got caught up in this net of a new Federal regulatory scheme. Mr. Speaker, about 46 percent of Americans get their health insurance from their employer. About 17 percent of Americans are on Medicare. We have got another 17 percent of Americans that are on Medicaid or CHIP or those safety net programs. Even here today, after the passage of the Affordable Care Act, 8 percent of Americans are unin-sured. Now, we have folks who are in the exchanges—they are represented here—that is about 12.4 percent of the population. We have folks who are on Medicaid represented here; that is about 11.3 percent of the population. And we have folks who don’t have any insurance at all. Mr. Speaker, if we would come to-gether to solve the problem for folks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.027 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2365 March 23, 2017 
who didn’t have access to health care, I believe we could have found a solu-tion together. Instead, what we tried to do was reregulate the entire healthcare system, even for all of the Americans who were perfectly happy with their care. And it didn’t work. You don’t have to take my word for it, Mr. Speaker. I can quote from my big newspaper back home in my dis-trict, The Atlanta Journal-Constitu-tion: ‘‘Aetna to pull out of Georgia’s ObamaCare insurance marketplace.’’ Many counties in Georgia now, Mr. Speaker, only have one insurer to choose from. Humana has announced it is pulling out. Union Leader in New Hampshire: ‘‘Another ACA failure Bad idea keeps getting worse.’’ Over in Kaiser Health News in Ar-kansas: ‘‘Largest U.S. Health Insurer Pulls Out of Health Exchanges in Geor-gia, Arkansas.’’ From The Washington Post: ‘‘Aetna chief executive says ObamaCare is in a ‘death spiral.’’’ And from the Courier-Tribune in North Carolina: ‘‘Blue Cross projects $400 million loss in NC on ACA in just two years.’’ Mr. Speaker, while we can argue about whether we correctly identified the problem to begin with, while we can argue about whether or not we crafted the right solution to begin with, what is undisputed is that the Af-fordable Care Act is failing, and it is taking American families down with it. That is not just the newspapers talk-ing, Mr. Speaker. I will quote from former President Barack Obama. In August of last year, he says: ‘‘Despite this progress’’—he is talking about the progress of the ACA—‘‘too many Americans still strain to pay for their physician visits and prescriptions, cover their deductibles, or pay their monthly in-surance bills; struggle to navigate a complex, sometimes bewildering sys-tem; and remain uninsured.’’ Twenty million Americans remain uninsured. After all of the President’s efforts, he still recognized in August of last year there was much more to be done because the efforts that he tried failed. Governor Mark Dayton, a Democrat from Minnesota, in October of last year, he says: ‘‘The reality is the Af-fordable Care Act is no longer afford-able. . . . ’’ The aspiration was that premiums would come down by $2,500, but the re-ality is that premiums were going up by double digits, and in some cases tri-ple digits. The Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable. And former President Bill Clinton, in October of last year, Mr. Speaker, he said: ‘‘So you’ve got this crazy system where all of a sudden 25 million more people have health care and then the people who are out there busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. It’s the craziest thing in the world.’’ There is a group of people, mostly small-business owners and employees, who make just a little too much money to qualify for Medicaid expansion or for the tax incentives who can’t get af-fordable health insurance premiums in a lot of places. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe health care is a partisan issue. Regulation and how we use it may be a partisan issue. Federal control of whether we should use it may be a partisan issue, but pro-viding Americans access to health care is an American issue, and every one of these Democrats I have just cited rec-ognize the failures of the current sys-tem. I don’t say that, Mr. Speaker, to try to point the finger of blame. I say it because either we believe that every-thing is working just great and we should all pack our bags and head back home to the district, or we believe that there are American families in crisis that are calling on us to serve them. You can’t see this map, Mr. Speaker, but it shows some of that crisis. In just 1 year, from 2016 to 2017, Mr. Speaker, the number of counties in America that only have one insurer to choose from quintupled. I will say that again. In just 1 year, from 2016 to 2017, so se-vere is the death spiral of the ex-changes across the country, the num-ber of American counties that no longer have choices and are limited to a single insurer has increased 500 per-cent. Mr. Speaker, the number of counties that only have one insurer is rep-resented here in the color of orange. You see it in 2016, you see it in 2017. Five entire States, Mr. Speaker, in a healthcare system that was designed to provide consumers with choices, have no choice of insurer whatsoever. I say that because we have gotten wrapped around the political axle here, Mr. Speaker, as if somehow if you are on the Republican side of the aisle, you cannot recognize that the Affordable Care Act achieved any successes what-soever, and if you are on the Demo-cratic side of the aisle, you can’t recog-nize that the Affordable Care Act has failed anyone in any way whatsoever. Both of those positions are nonsense. I tell you that if you have spent a trillion dollars on this program—and you have—I hope a family has been helped. I know some families that have been helped. But I also know families that have been crushed. We need to re-peal the Affordable Care Act for those families that have been crushed, and we need to replace the Affordable Care Act for those families that have been helped because that help is rapidly eroding. Mr. Speaker, I want you to think about the thought, the idea that is the Affordable Care Act. The idea is we are going to provide these choices, and then we are going to provide these gov-ernment subsidies, and folks are going to have access to health care for the very first time. It is a wonderful idea: provide choice, provide support, pro-vide access. The reality is, though, Mr. Speaker, with those choices, with those subsidies, with that offer of access, al-most 20 million Americans said: Forget it, I am out. Now, you remember this whole plan was put together where the IRS comes and fines you if you are out. So what began as an idea that said, ‘‘We are going to provide you with choice, we are going to provide you with support, and that is going to get you your ac-cess,’’ 20 million Americans have de-cided that plan has so failed them, they would rather pay the IRS a penalty to the tune of $4 billion last year—rather, pay the IRS a penalty than access the Affordable Care Act. That is a failure. It is a failure. Who is it failing most, Mr. Speaker? If you look at those folks who are in this almost 20 million pool, 45 percent of them are age 35 or younger. I don’t fall under the age category of 35 and under, Mr. Speaker, but I can tell you that folks who are 35 and under cost less to take care of than folks who are my age bracket and older. So if you are going to try to craft a national insur-ance system, you need these people who are 35 and under to be involved— enthusiastically involved. Rather than getting involved with the choices and with the subsidies to get the access, 20 million Americans have said: It is not for me. I will pay the fine instead. Most of them young people. If we can’t agree that that is a failure, Mr. Speaker, if we can’t agree that the sys-tem can’t stand in that way, we are going to have a tough time finding a solution. What you heard so often today about the solution that is being proposed in this body is that older Americans are getting the toughest end of the deal. There is a little truth to that, Mr. Speaker. What the Affordable Care Act did is it said you have young, healthy people; you have older people who are likely to be sicker. The law of the land at the time was that the cost spread between the youngest and the oldest could be 500 percent, 5 times more for the old-est, highest risk people than the youngest, lowest risk people. Sure, it is insurance, right? Older cars, different pricing than newer cars. Houses with sprinkler sys-tems, different prices than houses without sprinkler systems. It is just actuarial experience. But the Affordable Care Act says we are going to compress that from one to five, a 500 percent spread, down to one to three, a 300 percent spread. What that did was lower rates below the ac-tuarial experience for older Ameri-cans—that was great for older Ameri-cans—and, at the same time, raise rates for younger Americans, which forced all the younger Americans out of the marketplace, which then raised rates for all Americans. I will quote from Grace-Marie Tur-ner. She is the president of the Galen Institute. She testified in front of the Committee on the Budget this year on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.029 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2366 March 23, 2017 
this issue. She said this, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘ . . . young people purchasing indi-vidual policies in or out of the ex-changes are required to pay much more for their policies than their actuari-ally-expected costs because of the law’s required 3:1 age rating band. Forcing the young to pay more drives costs up for everyone. ‘‘The average 64-year-old consumes six times as much health care, in dollar value, as the average 21-year-old.’’ b2130 Insurance is about experience. There is a 1 in 100 chance of something bad happening to you, you pay 1 one-hun-dredth of the price of that bad episode, 100 of you get in the pool together, you share the risk. Actuarially, a 64-year-old consumes six times more health care than a young person. But we compressed that to three times in terms of the billing. Dr. Turner goes on to say this: ‘‘Under the ACA’s age-rating require-ments, insurers cannot charge their oldest policyholders more than three times the price they charge their youngest customers.’’ If every customer were to remain in the insurance market, this would have the net effect of increasing premiums for 21-year-olds by 75 percent, and re-ducing them for 64-year-olds by 13 per-cent. Now, think about this. This is the system that we have created. If you can get the young people to stay in the system—which you can-not—the young people are paying rates 75 percent higher than they should so that older Americans can pay pre-miums 13 percent lower than they should. But we are losing all the young people because 77 percent is forcing these folks out. They are not dumb folks. They are making good choices about their own self-interests. If their insurance prices are too high, they re-ject the insurance. An individual in my district, Mr. Speaker, from Buford, Georgia, wrote to me and said: R
OB, I am a full-time student with a part-time job that doesn’t offer health or dental insur-ance. I can’t get health insurance through my parents because they are on Medicare. I shop for health plans, but most are out of my budget. I shouldn’t have to pay a fine if a healthcare plan is not in my budget. There should be alternatives to this plan. Please help. Say young people don’t want insur-ance. I don’t believe that is true. I do think young people believe they are going to live forever and they are never going to get sick. But they do worry about that rainy day, forbid the thought, should something bad happen. But you can’t buy a policy you can’t afford, and we have priced these young people out of the marketplace. When we price young people out of the marketplace, rates go up for every-body. When rates go up for everybody, more young people drop out of the mar-ketplace. And that death spiral that Aetna’s CEO recognized, grows faster and faster. Which brings us to the solu-tion that we are working on here to-gether. I don’t know what you thought of President Trump when you first met him, Mr. Speaker. I don’t know what you thought of the campaign and how things were going to transpire in these first 60 days of a new administration. But I think a lot of folks in my district imagined the President as a take-it-or- leave-it kind of guy, my-way-or-the- highway kind of guy. I think you would agree with me that nothing could be further from the truth in our experi-ence. This is what he tweeted out. As you know, that is our new method of com-munication here in Washington, D.C. This is what he tweeted out when this House dropped its healthcare bill. He said: ‘‘Our wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotia-tion. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster—is imploding fast.’’ It is out for review and negotiation. And those weren’t just words, Mr. Speaker. You have seen it. You have seen it going on this week. You have seen it going on even to the eleventh hour. The President has never said: My way or the highway. He has brought people in from every end of the polit-ical spectrum to work with them on their ideas, to work to see what we could do more for children, more for the near elderly, more for families, how do we get the incentives in the right place. Day in and day out, 16, 17, 20 hours a day, the President has been working to make this better. I could not feel better about the proc-ess. I don’t believe any particular party has a monopoly on good ideas. I don’t believe any particular Member has a monopoly on good ideas. I believe we work best when we work collabo-ratively. And I am so proud of our President for embracing exactly that— the art of a deal. Mr. Speaker, there are four main parts of our replacement plan, four main parts. Number one, Medicaid reforms to allow States the freedom to run their own Medicaid programs. I serve on the Rules Committee with L
IZCHENEY from Wyoming. I promise you, the rural nature in the low-popu-lation area of Wyoming means she needs a very different Medicaid pro-gram than the high-density, high-popu-lation area of metro Atlanta that I serve. So often, the State programs dic-tated by the Federal Government lock States in to a one-size-fits-all solution. Or the States can come begging to Washington, D.C., for an exception or an exemption or a waiver. You shouldn’t have to come beg Wash-ington, D.C., to best serve your con-stituents, Mr. Speaker. We give folks the flexibility to run these State-based programs to serve the most vulnerable of State populations. Number two, a patient and State sta-bility fund. Mr. Speaker, the challenge at any in-surance pool is what do you do with the sickest of the individuals in that pool. If I buy insurance today and I am not yet sick, well, now I am in the insur-ance pool and I am paying for whatever my actuarial risk is. But forbid the thought if somebody has already got-ten sick, they have been fighting ill-ness their entire life, they are trying to run their small business, and they show up to buy a new insurance policy, they have struggled mightily throughout my lifetime to get access to coverage. Now, in 1996, President Bill Clinton and Speaker of the House, Newt Ging-rich, right here on this very floor of the House, passed a bill that abolished preexisting conditions for every feder-ally regulated plan. Those are the plans that the big companies use, like Coca-Cola, Home Depot, or Walmart. All of those plans, those big employer- based plans, the Federal Government abolished preexisting conditions in those plans decades ago. But States have moved a little bit slower. And the mechanism that many States are trying to use as high-risk pools to say that when folks find them-selves ailing and trying to find insur-ance for the first time, perhaps they need a different kind of medical home, perhaps they need a different incentivize to get into the insurance pool. These high-risk pools are funded in order to make insurance available, accessible, and affordable for folks who have preexisting conditions and are outside the insurance pool today. We have got to get them on the inside. We provide money to do that. Personal tax credits, Mr. Speaker. Refundable, advanceable personal tax credits. What we say in this bill is, you don’t have to pick a plan off of an ObamaCare exchange that isn’t right for you and your family. You don’t have to wait for the government to ap-prove what your choices are. You can pick any plan, anywhere that serves your needs that you believe is best for your family. And if you are a middle- income or low-income American, we will help you defray the cost of that in-surance policy. Now, everybody has got skin in the game. There is no free lunch here, Mr. Speaker. Everybody has to have skin in the game. We are putting people in charge of their own choices. But if you are a 63-year-old couple and your kids have left the house, we ask: Do you need to buy a policy that covers mater-nity care? Is it important to you that you have a policy that covers pediatric care? Or, because you are in that older American status, you are in that age bracket where the actuaries say you are likely to consume six times more health care dollarwise than young peo-ple do should you be able to pick and choose those benefits so that you get the policy that provides the best value for you and your family. These per-sonal tax credits go to the individual, so the individual can make choices about what is best for them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.030 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2367 March 23, 2017 
And it creates health savings ac-counts. Oh, Mr. Speaker, I did not un-derstand the economics of health care until I got my first medical savings ac-count. I thought health care costs $50 a visit, because that is what my copay was. When I got my first medical savings account, my insurer sent me a list. And they said: R
OB, if you want to go to the doctor for a CT scan, you can go to this one down the road that charges $200, or you can go to this one down the road that charges $2,000. You just do what-ever you think is best. I went and looked last night, Mr. Speaker. If you want to go in for a CT scan in Washington, D.C.—we have fab-ulous hospitals here—you can go to George Washington University right down the street here in Foggy Bottom, and if you have a United plan, the cost is going to be $1,500 for your CT scan. If instead of driving west to George Washington University, you drive north to Howard University, you can go to Howard University hospital and get the same CT scan for $200. Mr. Speaker, I can’t bring down health insurance costs unless I bring down healthcare costs. And I can’t bring down healthcare costs unless we have transparency in healthcare pric-ing so that you and I and 300 million Americans become more active con-sumers of these products. Health sav-ings accounts give us that opportunity. But I can’t solve all of our healthcare problems in one bill. And shame on this Congress for having created the expec-tations across a decade of stuffing giant bills through this body at one time, that we have come to set expec-tations that we can do everything for everybody in a single bill. We can’t. And even if we could, we shouldn’t. Taking issues one at a time leads to better legislating. So we have a three-phase approach here, Mr. Speaker. First, we are going to pass the Amer-ican Health Care Act, which repeals the Affordable Care Act taxes and pen-alties, it replaces the mandates with policies that will stabilize markets and increase individual choices. We are going to do that tomorrow morning. Then comes the administrative ac-tion: What can we do through the White House? You will remember when they passed the Affordable Care Act, they delegated much of that authority to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. Today, that Secretary is my good friend from across the river in Georgia, Dr. Tom Price. So the second phase is for Dr. Tom Price to grab ahold of those dials that he has at Health and Human Services and make those changes that will encourage choice and lower prices, stabilize markets. And then third, we are going to come back to this body, back to this floor, back to the United States Senate and pass stand-alone legislation that au-thorizes association health plans, that promotes competition in insurance, that deals with the IPAB repeal, and on and on. In fact, we have begun that this week, Mr. Speaker. There are two legislative processes. There is the process where you can pass something in the Senate with 51 votes. That is called reconciliation. And there is the process where you have to deal with the filibuster in the Senate. That is for everything else. Mr. Speaker, right now, we are still getting the rust out of the gears here in this body. There are lots of new Members here. We have got a chance to pass a bill tomorrow morning that can move through the Senate with 51 votes. But then we are going to be back. Like I say, we have started this week. We have already passed, in a bi-partisan way, legislation to increase competition in the insurance market and legislation to allow small busi-nesses to band together so that they can provide better plans at lower costs to their constituents. Mr. Speaker, there is some sugges-tion that fixing a failing ObamaCare, an ObamaCare that is in a death spiral, is somehow a partisan issue. Again, as I began, I said there are folks on the Republican side who sometimes say nothing good ever happened in ObamaCare and folks on the Demo-cratic side who sometimes say nothing bad ever happened. But the truth is, 20 different times, this Republican-controlled House passed bills that President Obama signed into law to fix problems in the Affordable Care Act—20 different times. One of the first bills I voted on when I came to Congress was one of those bills. The President signed it into law. The Affordable Care Act—I don’t need to go through the whole history with you, Mr. Speaker. You remember. It was jammed through the Senate on Christmas Eve. It moved through the House on a Sunday night at midnight with no amendments and no changes. It was not ready for prime time. It needed these fixes. And even with these fixes, the death spiral continues. But we needn’t say to one another that collaborating to solve a failing ObamaCare system is anathema to what anyone believes. We have done it not once, not twice, but 20 times dur-ing the Obama Presidency alone. Mr. Speaker, I will close with this to-night. It is a Kaiser Family Founda-tion study. They went to folks who have policies in the Affordable Care Act exchange system, and they said: Are you better off today than you were before the passage of the Affordable Care Act? Again, these are folks who have en-rolled in the Affordable Care Act. What they found is it is about 50/50. It is just this small red and green sliv-er, Mr. Speaker, of the entire healthcare market in this country, just this small sliver that enrolled in the Affordable Care Act. Again, almost twice as many people rejected the Af-fordable Care Act, are paying penalties to the IRS, and are staying out of the system as got into the system. But of those people who got into the system, about 80 percent of which are receiving Federal subsidies to stay in the sys-tem, only about half said that they are better off today than they were before. That is $1 trillion that we have spent—borrowed from our children and spent—to reform health care for 300 million Americans even though most Americans valued the plan they had, created a system where more Ameri-cans opted out and decided to pay a penalty than agreed to take the free health care that was being offered. And of those who agreed to take the health care, more than half of them believe things were better before. b2145 Mr. Speaker, I will stipulate, if it is valuable, that folks who passed the Af-fordable Care Act before you and I got here were trying to do the best they could to serve their constituency the best they know how, but it didn’t work. Insurers are leaving the plan. Families are losing their policies. Premiums are skyrocketing double and even triple digits annually. We can do better. We can do better, and we have an opportunity to start that process tomorrow. I regret that even the word ‘‘ObamaCare’’ has be-come so toxic that it divides people even upon its mention. But families are being caught in that divide. Families are being caught in the political cross-fire as we discuss this. The President has said: Send me a bill because I want to put a stop to that uncertainty. I want to put a stop to that insecurity. I want to put the American healthcare system back on track. We can do it together tomorrow. America needs us to do it together tomorrow, and I hope that we will. Mr. Speaker, thank you so much for agreeing to be here with me during this time tonight, and thank you for agree-ing to keep my friend Jon Richards in your prayers as you lay your head down this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1228. An act to provide for the ap-pointment of members of the Board of Direc-tors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 305. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR7.032 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2368 March 23, 2017 
flag of the United States on National Viet-nam War Veterans Day. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, March 24, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
890. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of As-sets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Pay-ing Benefits received March 22, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 891. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: En-ergy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fans [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-STD- 0045](RIN: 1904-AD28) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 892. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Walk-in Coolers and Walk-in Freezers [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP- 0054] (RIN: 1904-AD72) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 893. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps [Docket No.: EERE-2016-BT-TP- 0029] (RIN: 1904-AD71) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 894. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Compressors [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP-0054] (RIN: 1904-AD43) re-ceived March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 895. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Efficiency Standards for the Design and Construction of New Federal Low-Rise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update [EERE-2016-BT-STD-0003] (RIN: 1904- AD56) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 896. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarification of When Products Made or De-rived From Tobacco Are Regulated as Drugs, Devices, or Combination Products; Amend-ments to Regulations Regarding ‘‘Intended Uses’’; Further Delayed Effective Date; Re-quest for Comments [Docket No.: FDA-2015- N-2002] (RIN: 0910-AH19) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 897. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Biosimilar User Fee Act Financial Report, pursuant to the Biosimilar User Fee Act of 2012; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 898. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Generic Drug User Fee Amendments Financial Report, pursuant to the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 899. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Prescription Drug User Fee Act Financial Report, pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act of 1992 as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 900. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Prescription Drug User Fee Performance Report, pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 901. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s 2016 Medical Device User Fee Amendments Financial Report, pursuant to the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 902. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Fatty Acids, Montan-Wax, Ethoxylated; Tolerance Exemption [EPA- HQ-OPP-2016-0337; FRL-9958-10] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 903. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Cyantraniliprole; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0357; FRL-9958-53] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 904. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Cloquintocet-mexyl; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0299; FRL- 9959-11] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 905. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Aspergillus flavus AF36; Amend-ment to an Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0566; FRL- 9959-92] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 906. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Isoamyl acetate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2016-0378; FRL-9956-02] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 907. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Octadecanoic acid, 12-hydroxy-, homopolymer, ester with a, a’,a‘‘-1,2,3- propanetriyltris[w-hydroxypoly(oxy-1,2- ethanediyl)]; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ- OPP-2016-0617; FRL-9958-97] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 908. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Polyglycerol polyricinoleate; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016- 0606; FRL-9959-12] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 909. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Efficiency Standards for the Design and Construction of New Federal Low-Rise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update [Docket No.: EERE-2016- BT-STD-0003] (RIN: 1904-AD56) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 910. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on U.S. sup-port for Taiwan’s participation as an Ob-server at the 69th World Health Assembly and in the work of the World Health Organi-zation, as provided in the Act to Address the Participation of Taiwan in the World Health Organization (P.L. 108-235), Sec. 1(c), pursu-ant to 22 U.S.C. 290 note; Public Law 108-235, Sec. 1(c); (118 Stat. 658); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 911. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notification of a qualifying export to Australia of defense ar-ticles and defense services, pursuant to Arti-cle 12(3) of the Treaty Between The Govern-ment of The United States of America and the Government of Australia Concerning De-fense Trade Cooperation, and Sec. 126.16(o) of the International Traffic in Arms Regula-tions; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 912. A letter from the Associate General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting a notification of a nomination and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 913. A letter from the Board Secretary, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.008 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2369 March 23, 2017 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 1282. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish Acqui-sition Review Boards in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–57). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 1693. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to add reporting requirements for certain small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C OMER , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. I
SSA): H.R. 1694. A bill to require additional enti-ties to be subject to the requirements of sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the Freedom of Infor-mation Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B IGGS, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OWDY , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. T EDLIEU of Cali-fornia, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 1695. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional respon-sibilities for the Register of Copyrights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 1696. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for S corpora-tion reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. S HER-
MAN): H.R. 1697. A bill to amend the Export Ad-ministration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by inter-national governmental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. M CCARTHY , and Mr. H
OYER ): H.R. 1698. A bill to expand sanctions against Iran with respect to the ballistic missile program of Iran, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Finan-cial Services, the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Ms. SINEMA , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, and Miss R
ICEof New York): H.R. 1699. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mort-gage, to amend the Secure and Fair Enforce-ment for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. B
ACON ): H.R. 1700. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to reauthorize the SCORE program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. O
LSON , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina): H.R. 1701. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ): H.R. 1702. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to improve the small business de-velopment centers program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 1703. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to determining the intended use of drugs and devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 1704. A bill to improve patient access to health care services and provide improved medical care by reducing the excessive bur-den the liability system places on the health care delivery system; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 1705. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the provisions governing employment of nonimmigrants under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) of that Act to prevent the transfer of knowledge from United States workers for the purpose of fa-cilitating their jobs being moved abroad; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 1706. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to provide grants for education programs on the history of the treatment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 1707. A bill to apologize for the treat-ment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 1708. A bill to prohibit the sale of a firearm to, and the purchase of a firearm by, a person who is not covered by appropriate liability insurance coverage; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 1709. A bill to amend title 1, United States Code, to provide for a definition of the term ‘‘State’’ and to include territories therein, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. R
EED): H.R. 1710. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to make education afford-able and accessible; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. E VANS , Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 1711. A bill to require the disclosure of certain visitor access records; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mrs. ROBY (for herself, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. Z ELDIN ): H.R. 1712. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant pro-gram to improve the monitoring of mental health and substance abuse treatment pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. P
ALMER , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK ): H.R. 1713. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to terminate the essential air service program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 1714. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide for the inclusion of un-married women in the criteria for awarding a grant to a women’s business center; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 1715. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 1716. A bill to prohibit any hiring freeze from affecting the Environmental Pro-tection Agency; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. C
RAMER ): H.R. 1717. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise the amount of minimum allotments under the Projects for Assistance in Transition from Homelessness Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.J. Res. 91. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States regarding presidential election voting rights for residents of all United States territories and commonwealths; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.010 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2370 March 23, 2017 
By Ms. PLASKETT: H. Con. Res. 39. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing and commemorating the 100th anni-versary of the Virgin Islands of the United States becoming a part of the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. M
OONEY  of West Virginia, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. G IBBS): H. Con. Res. 40. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that all direct and indirect subsidies that benefit the pro-duction or export of sugar by all major sugar producing and consuming countries should be eliminated; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. P EARCE ): H. Res. 222. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 5, 2017, as ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. B
ERA): H. Res. 223. A resolution calling on the People’s Republic of China (PRC) to cease its retaliatory measures against the Republic of Korea in response to the deployment of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) to U.S. Forces Korea (USFK), and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H. Res. 224. A resolution recognizing the 150th Anniversary of Howard University and its contributions to the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KILDEE: H. Res. 225. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives on Trumpcare, also known as the American Health Care Act of 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. C
ON-
YERS ): H. Res. 226. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing United States efforts to promote Israeli- Palestinian peace; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Ms. PLASKETT: H. Res. 227. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to per-mit Delegates and the Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress to cast votes in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union; to the Committee on Rules. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
14. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Alaska, relative to Senate Resolution No. 4, Supporting the Alaska Congressional delegation in pro-tecting the state’s right to manage wildlife within its borders; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 1693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 1694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 1695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 1696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 1697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 1698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.) By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 1700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution of the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 1701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 1702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 1703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 1704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constituion. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 1705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 1706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 1707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 1709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 1710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 1711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 1712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article 5 of the United States Con-stitution, seen below, this legislation falls within Congress’s Constitutional Authority: Article 5: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all In-tents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitu-tion, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23MR7.100 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2371 March 23, 2017 
Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suf-frage in the Senate.’’ By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 1713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 1714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 1715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any par-ticular State. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 1716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 1717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.J. Res. 91. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the United States Constitu-tion. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 83: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 103: Mr. CORREA and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 354: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 367: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. R US-
SELL. H.R. 392: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 400: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 408: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 442: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 534: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 553: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 564: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 644: Mr. W
ALKER and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 696: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 721: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 747: Mr. L
ATTA and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 754: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 757: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia. H.R. 771: Mr. R
ASKIN and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 778: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 781: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 795: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 800: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 820: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 849: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 866: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 901: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 918: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 947: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 959: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 966: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 997: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1002: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1005: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1022: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1038: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 1054: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1058: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 1089: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1112: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1116: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1130: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1136: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1155: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1196: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 1203: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1205: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. G OH-
MERT , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1231: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 1236: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1267: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1299: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1304: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1318: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. H ECK, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1346: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 1358: Mr. L
EVIN, Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1361: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1384: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1393: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 1456: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C LAY, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. G ALLEGO , H.R. 1457: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1516: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1528: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1540: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. Rouzer. H.R. 1566: Ms. D
ELBENEand Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 1611: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 1612: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. R USH, and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1626: Mr. I
SSAand Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 1664: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1671: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 1672: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1674: Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Mr. H IMES. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. H
ILL. H.J. Res. 2: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. T
URNER . H.J. Res. 17: Mr. A
LLEN . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. K IND. H. Res. 28: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire. H. Res. 172: Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H. Res. 184: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H. Res. 186: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 188: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE. H. Res. 217: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 220: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. C A´RDENAS . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
31. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City Council of Broken Arrow, OK, rel-ative to Resolution 992, urging all United States Senators to Reintroduce the Market-place Fairness/Digital Parity Act into the United States Senate during its 2017 session; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR7.013 H23MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1941 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 2017 No. 51 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord God of Heaven and Earth, today teach our lawmakers to do things Your way, embracing Your precepts and walking in Your path. Make them peaceful and powerful instruments for goodness in our Nation and world. Re-mind them that the narrow and dif-ficult road leads to life and few find it, but You honor those who honor You. As our Senators receive guidance from You and follow Your leading, re-place anxiety with calm, confusion with clarity, and despair with hope. Give them attentive hearts and open minds as they seek to find in the diver-sity of ideas what is best for our Na-tion and world. May peace become the hallmark of their work. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TERROR ATTACK IN THE UNITED KINGDOM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to start by taking a mo-ment to offer sincere condolences to our friends in the United Kingdom who lost loved ones in yesterday’s horrific terror attack. Our prayers are with those who were severely injured, as well, and we wish them a swift and full recovery. This act of terror occurred on the 1-year anniversary of the devastating attack in Brussels, and as Prime Min-ister May pointed out, the location of the attack seems to be no coincidence. ‘‘The terrorist chose to strike at the heart of the [the UK’s] capital city,’’ Prime Minister May said yesterday, ‘‘where people of all nationalities, reli-gions and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democ-racy and freedom of speech.’’ I know I speak on behalf of my col-leagues when I say that our thoughts are also with those who were in Par-liament at the time of the attack, serv-ing their country much in the same way that we do in this Chamber every day. Of course, I want to also acknowledge the law enforcement personnel and first responders who courageously put their lives on the line for their fellow citizens. We know that the capable se-curity services of the British, working in cooperation with our own, will con-tinue to investigate whether this was a radicalized individual actor or a ter-rorist connected to an ISIL external operation. Our friends face difficult days ahead as they begin to heal from this sense-less act, but as they do so, we want them to know that the United States stands with them as a friend, as a cher-ished ally and as a united partner against terror. f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, on the business before the Senate today, recently a Washington Post ar-ticle noted that Congress has under-taken the ‘‘most ambitious regulatory rollback since Reagan.’’ Already, we passed 10 resolutions under the Con-gressional Review Act to end Obama administration regulations that slow economic growth, threaten jobs, and hold our country back. As one study es-timates, our action to overturn these regulations could save Americans near-ly $4 billion and more than 4 million hours of paperwork. This week, we have continued our regulatory relief efforts, and today we will have an opportunity to send an-other to the President’s desk. This res-olution would overturn a costly and confusing Federal communications rule. The regulation in question makes the internet an uneven playing field, increases complexity, discourages com-petition, innovation, and infrastruc-ture investment. President Obama’s own legal mentor has expressed serious doubts about the rule’s constitu-tionality under the First Amendment. Senator FLAKE has long been a leader on tackling this issue. Last year he voiced his worries about the regula-tions in a letter to the FCC and held a hearing regarding the legality of such regulations. Now he has sponsored a CRA resolution that will allow us to overturn the regulations and protect consumers. As Senator F
LAKE has pointed out: 
The FCC’s midnight regulation does noth-ing to protect consumer privacy. It is unnec-essary, confusing and adds yet another inno-vation-stifling regulation to the internet. 
That is why he proposed this CRA resolution, which he has explained ‘‘empowers consumers to make in-formed choices on if and how their data can be shared.’’ I thank my friend from Arizona for taking on this important issue and put-ting forth legislation to address it. I look forward to the Senate passing it soon. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week Supreme Court nominee Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.000 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1942 March 23, 2017 
Neil Gorsuch came before the Senate Judiciary Committee for his confirma-tion hearing. Senators from both sides had the opportunity to ask him ques-tions. Both they and the American peo-ple were able to learn more about Judge Gorsuch, about the type of jurist he has been and will continue to be, about his character and temperament, and about his aptitude to serve on the Supreme Court. His answers reflected what we have all come to find about the judge over the past several weeks. He has sterling credentials and a reputation as a fair and impartial jurist. He is also known to be a gifted writer, who is smart, kind, humble, and independent. As I mentioned yesterday, his im-pressive testimony has caught the at-tention of publications, news outlets, and commentators from across the country and across the political spec-trum. In a panel discussion just yester-day, an MSNBC commentator noted Judge Gorsuch’s ‘‘masterful perform-ance’’—one that he called a ‘‘tour de force.’’ Another panelist and NBC cor-respondent had a complimentary view of the nominee, as well, noting that ‘‘in terms of character, in terms of profes-sionalism, [and in terms of] integrity, there wasn’t, I would argue, anything, or hardly anything there to criticize Gorsuch on.’’ The Wall Street Journal noted that Gorsuch ‘‘stressed his independence’’ throughout the hearing. The Detroit news echoed these observations and has urged the Senate to confirm him. It editorialized that ‘‘[a]fter two days of often hostile hearings, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch is proving him-self an even-tempered, deeply knowl-edgeable nominee who should be con-firmed by the Senate.’’ The paper also noted that Judge Gorsuch is ‘‘[eminently] qualified’’ and that he ‘‘is coming across in the hear-ings as the very image of a thoughtful jurist. He displayed an impressive depth of knowledge, and admirable pa-tience. And he’s carefully followed past practice of judicial nominees in refus-ing to say how he’d rule on specific issues.’’ His independence is really without question at this point. The American Bar Association, which awarded Judge Gorsuch its highest rating of unani-mously ‘‘well qualified,’’ recently sub-mitted testimony to the Judiciary Committee. Here is what the Bar Asso-ciation had to say about Judge Gorsuch’s independence: 
Our evaluation process provided an excel-lent opportunity to gain a glimpse at wheth-er Judge Gorsuch is a judge who ascribes to the concept of an independent judiciary. Based on the writings, interviews, and anal-yses we scrutinized to reach our rating, we discerned that Judge Gorsuch believes strongly in the independence of the judicial branch of government, and we predict that he will be a strong but respectful voice in protecting it. 
The ABA went on: 
As one interviewee noted with alacrity, ‘‘Judge Gorsuch has ‘grit,’ which he gets from being a multi-generation Westerner.’’ Another stated, ‘‘He is dedicated to the con-stitutional doctrine of separation of powers and to the independence of the judiciary.’’ Yet another observed, ‘‘In addition to his outstanding academic credentials and bril-liant mind, Judge Gorsuch’s demeanor and written opinions during his tenure on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals demonstrate that he believes unwaveringly in the rule of law and judicial independence. In my opin-ion, he is exceptionally well qualified to serve as a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.’’ We agree. I certainly agree with that. This is from the American Bar Association, an organization that the Democratic lead-er and former Democratic chairman of the Judiciary Committee have deemed the gold standard for evaluating nomi-nees. In addition, the assistant Demo-cratic leader acknowledged yesterday that Judge Gorsuch is ‘‘very gifted’’ and ‘‘has a great background and serv-ice as judge.’’ But despite the Judge’s outstanding performance, his exceptional back-ground, and the extensive support he has received from people of all political leanings, we know that some Senate Democrats will continue trying to come up with any reason to delay the confirmation process. It is not the first time we have seen our friends across the aisle engage in obstructionist tac-tics. In fact, we just saw a historic level of obstruction when it came to confirming the President’s Cabinet. We know that our colleagues are under a great deal of pressure from the far left. We know some of these groups are calling for them to ‘‘resist.’’ We know that even more than 4 months after the election, some on the far left simply refuse to accept the outcome of last year’s election. Well, it is past time to move on from that mindset and return to the serious business of governing. One way we can do so is by confirming Judge Gorsuch as the next Supreme Court Justice without delay. He is a proven jurist. He is an outstanding intellect. He has earned the respect and admiration of so many—Democrats, Independents, and Republicans alike. He is also unques-tionably independent. Today we will hear even more praise for Judge Gorsuch as witnesses come before the Judiciary Committee. I urge my colleagues to show him the fair consideration he deserves and, ulti-mately, to come together in supporting his nomination in the days ahead. 
f 
REPEALING AND REPLACING OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today marks the seventh anniversary of ObamaCare becoming law. In the years since, millions of Americans lost their plans and their doctors. They saw the cost of their premiums and deductibles soar. They watched their choices disappear as insurers were forced out of the marketplace. Former President Bill Clinton called ObamaCare the ‘‘craziest thing in the world.’’ He was right. It was a direct attack on the middle class. These failed policies are affecting real people every day. Americans expected the law to deliver on its promises, but instead they have paid more and received less. ObamaCare has been a flawed system from the start. Over the past 7 years, things have gotten progressively worse. Our Nation cannot continue on this trajectory as ObamaCare continues to unravel at every level, leaving Ameri-cans to pick up the pieces. On this sev-enth anniversary of ObamaCare’s en-actment, Americans deserve a better way forward. Thankfully, we finally have a Congress and a President who are committed to delivering much needed reform. The legislation currently before the House will help bring relief. It will re-peal and replace ObamaCare, which is exactly what we promised the Amer-ican people we would do. Instead of forcing Americans to buy something they may not want, like ObamaCare does, this bill gives Americans the free-dom to choose what type of coverage is right for them. I look forward to the House passing that bill soon, and we look forward to taking it up in the Senate, where there will be a robust amendment process. Then, I look forward to collaborating with my colleagues to pass it. It is im-portant, however, to remember that this bill is only one part of a three- pronged strategy to bring relief. The administration is already working to fix the damage 7 years of ObamaCare has done to the health markets across the country, and we will continue to consider further legislation in Congress to bring more competition and reform. It is time to move on from 7 years of ObamaCare’s broken promises and unyielding attacks on the middle class. The status quo is not an option. So let’s work together to get this done. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE FEDERAL COM-MUNICATIONS COMMISSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S.J. Res. 34, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 34) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Pri-vacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.002 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1943 March 23, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). If no one yields time, time will be charged equally. The Senator from Maryland. 
END RACIAL AND RELIGIOUS PROFILING ACT  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about a bill that I have introduced. I have introduced it in prior Congresses. But I think it is par-ticularly important in this Congress. It is the End Racial and Religious Profiling Act of 2017. I am proud to have many of my colleagues as cospon-sors of this legislation, including Sen-ators B
ALDWIN , BLUMENTHAL , BOOKER , B
ROWN , CANTWELL , COONS , DUCKWORTH , D
URBIN , F EINSTEIN , F RANKEN , G ILLI-
BRAND , H ARRIS , H EINRICH , H IRONO , K
AINE, MARKEY , MENENDEZ , MERKLEY , M
URPHY , MURRAY , SANDERS , STABENOW , U
DALL , VANHOLLEN , WYDEN , and W AR-
REN. In the House of Representatives, the bill’s principal sponsor is Congressman C
ONYERS . It is needed now more than ever before. I say that for many rea-sons, one of which is that we have seen a large increase in hate crimes in our community. Yesterday I was on the phone with a father from Harford County, MD, whose son was the victim of a hate episode related to that per-son’s religion and ethnic background. We have seen in our community a large increase in hate crimes against the Jewish community. There have been a lot of bomb threats that have been called into Jewish schools and to the Jewish Community Centers. We have seen physical attacks and the desecration of cemeteries. So the mi-nority community feels threatened. That has been escalating as a result of the actions of our President and his Executive orders. The Executive or-ders—he has issued two now that are dealing with the immigrant commu-nity—do raise the temperature in our community and the concern in our community that people are being threatened because of their religion, threatened because of their ethnic background, threatened because of their status as part of an immigrant community. All of that has added to the concerns in America today. The legislation that I have introduced would make it illegal for discriminatory policing—for police to use as an indicator for their actions a person’s race, religion, or ethnic background. Discriminatory policing is against our values. Quite frankly, it is not what we stand for as a nation. We don’t target people because of their religion. I will always remember that shortly after the Trayvon episode, I met with community activists in Baltimore. Many told me examples of how they were with their parents when the po-lice stopped them randomly, for no rea-son at all, but solely because of the person’s race and how communities felt threatened as a result of it. It is not what we stand for as a na-tion. It turns communities against po-lice, rather than working with the po-lice. It is a waste of resources. It does not work. It can be deadly as we have seen in too many communities in our Nation. In my own city of Baltimore, we had the episode concerning Freddie Gray, who died in police custody. I went to Sandtown, where Freddie Gray came from, shortly after that epi-sode and met with the community, and I heard comparable stories about how good community activists felt like they were betraying their community if they worked with the local police, because they said the system was just stacked against their community and their race. So let me, if I might, quote from the Department of Justice report on the Freddie Gray case. Our congressional delegation asked for a pattern or prac-tice investigation. In part of that in-vestigation, they came out with this finding: There is overwhelming statistical evidence of racial disparities in Baltimore Police De-partment’s (BPD’s) stops, searches, and ar-rests. . . . BPD officers subject African- Americans to a disproportionate number of pedestrian and vehicles stops on Baltimore streets and search African-Americans dis-proportionately during these stops. . . . The policing practices that cause the racial dis-parities in BPD’s stops, searches, and ar-rests, along with evidence suggesting inten-tional discrimination against African-Ameri-cans, undermine the community trust that is central to effective policing. . . . Indeed, we heard from many community members who were reluctant to engage with the officers because of their belief that the Department treats African-Americans unfairly. . . . These concerns were acknowledged by BPD leadership and officers, who explained that lack of trust—particularly in many of Balti-more’s African-American communities—in-hibit officers’ efforts to build relationships that are a key component of effective polic-ing. . . . 
I say that because racial profiling— discriminatory profiling—is ineffective and is counterproductive. It actually makes communities less safe. I have the honor of being the Special Rep-resentative for Anti-Semitism, Racism and Intolerance in the OSCE, or the Or-ganization for Security and Coopera-tion in Europe’s Parliamentary Assem-bly. In that capacity, I have identified four major areas of concern within the 57 countries that represent the OSCE, including the United States. Those pri-orities are discriminatory actions against the Muslim community, the rise of anti-Semitism, the concerns of discrimination against the immigrant community, and also the concerns on discriminatory policing. Discriminatory policing is very much engaged in our concerns about the rise of anti-Semitism, racism, and intoler-ance. Now, I want to make it clear: The overwhelming majority of people in law enforcement are good people. They are professionals. They are trying to do their job. They are against racial profiling. But we need to protect the professionalism within the police de-partments and establish a national pol-icy against racial profiling. My legislation is supported by over 1,150 organizations. Let me just, if I might, mention a couple of those, by quoting their leaders. Wade Henderson, president and CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, who supports this legislation said: Discriminatory profiling is wrong, fosters distrust between law enforcement and the communities they serve and puts public safe-ty at risk. Racial profiling infringes on civil liberties and squanders resources that should be used instead to catch criminal perpetra-tors. We urge his colleagues to join Senator Cardin and stand for effective law enforce-ment by supporting [this legislation]. 
Jennifer Bellamy, the ACLU legisla-tive counsel, who also supports this legislation, said: 
For centuries, discriminatory profiling practices have harmed communities of color. It is not enough to be ‘against’ racism and racial profiling, we need national leaders to end discriminatory practices. We know that profiling of any kind is ineffective and di-verts law enforcement’s time, money, and energy away from actual threats. The time is now to end racial profiling once and for all. 
Then, lastly, Hilary Shelton, the di-rector of the NAACP Washington Bu-reau and the senior vice president for policy and advocacy said: 
This important legislation takes concrete steps to put an end to the insidious practice of profiling individuals by federal, state and local levels based on physical attributes or an individual’s religion. It is difficult for our faith in the American criminal justice sys-tem not to be challenged when we cannot walk down the street, drive down an inter-state, go through an airport, or even enter into our own homes without being stopped merely because of the color of our skin, who we are perceived to be, or what we choose to wear. 
I could mention many of the other groups and many other quotes. This legislation is pretty straightforward. It establishes a national uniform stand-ard against discriminatory profiling at all levels of law enforcement—State, local Federal. For example, it tells us that we can’t use as descriptors a person’s race. We can do so when we are using it to de-scribe a particular crime, but not as a predictor of future crimes. Let me close by quoting from Ron Davis, the former police chief of East Palo Alto, CA, where he said: 
[T]here exists no national, standardized definition for racial profiling that prohibits all uses of race, national origin, and religion, except when describing a person. Con-sequently, many state and local policies de-fine racial profiling as using race as the ‘‘sole’’ basis for a stop or any police action. This definition is misleading in that it sug-gests using race as a factor for anything other than a description is justified, which it is not. Simply put, race is a descriptor not a predictor. To use race along with other sa-lient descriptors when describing someone who just committed a crime is appropriate. 
That is what this legislation does. It establishes a national definition. It prohibits it in any form of policing in our country. It provides for training. It provides Federal grants for best prac-tices. It requires the Attorney General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.003 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1944 March 23, 2017 
to issue reports. It is legislation that is needed in our country. Former Attorney General Eric Hold-er adopted it at the national level, and he said: 
In this Nation, security and liberty are—at their best—partners, not enemies, in ensur-ing safety and opportunity for all. . . . In this Nation, the document that sets forth the supreme law of the land—the Constitution— is meant to empower, not exclude. . . . Ra-cial profiling is wrong. It can leave a lasting scar on communities and individuals. And it is, quite simply, bad policing—whatever city, whatever state. 
The 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees ‘‘equal protec-tion of the laws’’ to all Americans. Ra-cial and discriminatory profiling is ab-horrent to those principles, and it should be ended once and for all. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRUMPCARE  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to start by addressing the news last night that Republican leaders have de-cided to try to make their awful TrumpCare legislation even worse. TrumpCare wasn’t enough of a give-away to insurance companies, and it didn’t do enough harm to women, sen-iors, and people with preexisting condi-tions, so Republican leaders decided to double down in efforts to appeal to their extreme conservative base. They are now claiming that they can take away essential health benefits like maternity care, mental health care, and preexisting conditions through the reconciliation process, but here are the facts: Republican leaders know, just as Democrats do, that meas-ures to take away these critically im-portant protections cannot survive the reconciliation process and could never get 60 votes in the Senate. They are simply trying to sell conservatives a bill of goods today in the rush to jam this through, but the more they scram-ble, the more harmful this bill gets for patients and families and the worse it will be for any House Republican who will be held accountable for their votes on it. As we all know, today marks 7 years since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law. While some here in Congress may view this as an ideal op-portunity to ram through a reckless, harmful repeal of the law, I, for one, think about today a little differently. I remember 7 years ago, standing with a young constituent of mine from Seattle, Marci Owens, as we watched President Obama sign the Affordable Care Act into law. I had met Marci when she was about 11 years old, in the midst of some of the most heated mo-ments of the healthcare reform debate, and to this day, I will never forget the story she told me about her mom, who all of a sudden had become sick, was forced to miss work, and because of that, she lost her job and lost her health insurance. Ultimately, because she wasn’t even able to see a doctor or get any care, she died as a result of her illness. I took that story with me, along with countless other stories of families un-able to access care, pay for medication, or see a doctor. I used them as motiva-tion as my colleagues and I worked tirelessly to pass the Affordable Care Act. Just last month, I was proud to have Marci, who is now 18, attend President Trump’s joint address to Congress as my guest. Today, Marci is still sharing her story and advocating for affordable healthcare, as well as transgender rights. She, along with millions of oth-ers across the country, is once again standing up, speaking out, and making it clear that we cannot go backward. I come to the Senate floor to share some of the stories of families in my home State of Washington who are worried, who are afraid, and whose lives will be at risk if President Trump and Republicans take us down this dan-gerous path to repeal, people whose voices need to be heard more than ever. I want to make it very clear why we are here and what is at stake. The House Republican TrumpCare bill would have a profoundly negative im-pact on the lives and the well-being and the financial security of people across the country, people who are truly terrified about the uncertain path forward. Yet, for having such a profound impact, Republicans are seemingly doing everything they can to limit public discussion on TrumpCare. This bill was rushed through four House committees with-out a single public hearing, no testi-mony, no expert view. House Repub-licans voted the bill out of two of these committees without a CBO score, with-out knowing how many people would be impacted. In the Senate this week, every Sen-ate Democrat on the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee called on the chairman to allow for a hearing to talk about this bill, but he refused. He ignored the request, and he held a hearing on other health policy instead. That the Health Committee— the Health Committee—has not been allowed to hold a single hearing to talk about and debate TrumpCare is appall-ing and shameful. Not to be outdone, of course, the ma-jority leader, instead of committing to give all Senators time to review and evaluate the bill, has now said the bill will go straight to the floor for a vote as soon as next week, prompting even Members of his own party to come out against this plan. In all, these efforts are unprece-dented. They are wrong, and they speak volumes about the kind of bill they are trying to ram through, be-cause we now know many of the facts of the bill. This bill will kick 24 million people off their coverage. It will cause pre-miums to skyrocket. Seniors will pay more for their care. It will put at risk those who are struggling with mental illness and substance use disorders, in-cluding opioid addiction. It would end Medicaid as we know it. Predictively, it attacks women’s con-stitutionally protected healthcare and rights. It defunds Planned Parenthood and puts insurance companies back in charge of other critical parts of wom-en’s healthcare, including maternity care, cancer screenings, and contracep-tion. This bill undermines women’s ac-cess to healthcare and women’s ability to make their own healthcare decisions in virtually every way a piece of legis-lation could. I oppose this bill in the strongest terms. I am going to be doing every-thing I can to fight back against it, and I know Senate Democrats will as well. Families across the country are look-ing to us, and they have nowhere else to turn. Like many of my colleagues, I have constituents coming up to me constantly when I am at home, asking me what is going to happen if TrumpCare becomes law. They are bravely sharing deeply personal stories about their health, their families, and their fears—something they should not have to do. They deserve to be heard. Erin Zerba from my home State of Washington deserves to be heard. She has been a teacher for 19 years and teaches in two rural school districts, but because of her part-time standing in both districts, she is ineligible for insurance. If it weren’t for the Med-icaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act, she would have no options. As Erin puts it, she is ‘‘terrified’’ to learn that Medicaid would be gutted under TrumpCare. She has multiple disabilities, including autism and Ehlers-Danlos syndrome. She has had repeated surgeries following a difficult pregnancy. The medication she has to take every day is very expensive. There is no generic form. She is one of those millions of people. I have to say that we are going to fight back in every way we can because the TrumpCare bill that is being rushed through the House with give-aways being given to Senators for their votes is not the way we take care of people in this country. I am deeply worried about the process of this bill. I see the Democratic leader on the floor, and I know how important it is for him to speak. I just want to say, as the ranking member on the Health Committee, it is appalling to me that we have had no hearings, no expert wit-nesses, no markup. We have not seen this bill, and it is being rushed through. It will impact every single American and deserves the time of day, not some created chaos and deadline timeline that was created simply to fulfill a campaign promise and not to do the right thing for the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.005 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1945 March 23, 2017 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
THANKING THE SENIOR SENATOR FROM  
WASHINGTON  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I would like to thank the senior Senator from the State of Washington, the ranking member of the Health Com-mittee, for her outstanding work on this issue. She knows this issue better than just about anybody in this Cham-ber. She is passionate and also fact- driven about her views and has had great influence on this Chamber. I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will review what she said. To rush through a bill for a cam-paign promise—a bill that is fraught with problems and difficulty, many of which will probably not come to light until after the bill comes to the floor— is the wrong thing to do. I thank the senior Senator from the State of Wash-ington. 
TERROR ATTACK IN LONDON  
Mr. President, first, I want to just say a few words. My heartfelt condo-lences go to the families of the victims in London. Terrorism strikes everywhere. It was so close to the symbol of Great Brit-ain—Parliament, Big Ben, a place we have all seen in pictures and some of us have had the opportunity to see in per-son. It reminds us that the scourge of terrorism needs to be eradicated in any way we can. I am committed to that, and I know the 100 Members of this Senate body are as well. Our hearts go out to those who were lost. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. President, now I will move on to the subject I wish to speak about at length this morning, and that is Judge Gorsuch. I have had the opportunity these past 3 days to watch Judge Neil Gorsuch in the Judiciary Committee and to review his credentials and record on the Tenth Circuit and before that. I would particularly like to recognize the outstanding work done by every Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee. They were outstanding in questioning Judge Gorsuch despite his lack of candor and desire to answer. I would like to particularly call out our exceptional ranking member, Senator F
EINSTEIN , who has done a wonderful job leading that committee. I have thought long and hard about his nomination and what it means for the future of the Supreme Court and for the future of our country. What is at stake is considerable. The decisions we make here in the Senate over the next few weeks about Judge Gorsuch, as on any Supreme Court nominee, will echo through the lifetime tenure of that judge, through a generation of Americans. Discussions of the Supreme Court can get wonky and technical, with in-vocations of precedent and canons of interpretation. What is at stake, how-ever, is not at all abstract; it is real and it is concrete for Americans, whose lives, health, happiness, and freedoms are on the line at the Supreme Court. Closely divided decisions recently have meant the difference between the abil-ity to marry the person you love or not, the ability to have your right to vote protected or not, the ability to make personal choices about your own healthcare or not. The Supreme Court matters a great deal. It matters for workers who want to protect both their lives and their jobs, for employees who need to be able to seek redress for dis-crimination, and for parents who want their kids to get a fair shake in the education system. It is with all this in mind that I have come to a decision about the current nominee. After careful deliberation, I have concluded that I cannot support Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court. His nomination will face a cloture vote. He will have to earn 60 votes for confirmation. My vote will be no, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. To my Republican friends who think that if Judge Gorsuch fails to reach 60 votes, we ought to change the rules, I say: If this nominee cannot earn 60 votes—a bar met by each of President Obama’s nominees and George Bush’s last two nominees—the answer isn’t to change the rules, it is to change the nominee. This morning, I would like to lay out the reasons I will be voting no on this nomination. First, Judge Gorsuch was unable to sufficiently convince me that he would be an independent check on a President who has shown almost no restraint from Executive overreach. Second, he was unable to convince me that he would be a mainstream Jus-tice who could rule free from the biases of politics and ideology. His career and judicial record suggest not a neutral legal mind but someone with a deep- seated conservative ideology. He was groomed by the Federalist Society and has not shown 1 inch of difference be-tween his views and theirs. Finally, he is someone who almost instinctively favors the powerful over the weak, corporations over working Americans. There could not be a worse time for someone with those instincts. Judge Gorsuch’s opportunity to dis-abuse us of all these objections was in the hearing process, but he declined to answer question after question after question with any substance. Absent a real description of judicial philosophy, all we have to judge the judge on is his record. First, I want to address the first issue I raised, that of judicial inde-pendence. It is so clear that at this mo-ment in our history, our democracy re-quires a judge who is willing to rule against this President. This adminis-tration seems to have little regard for the rule of law and is likely to test the Constitution in ways it hasn’t been challenged in decades. It is absolutely the case that this Supreme Court will be tried in ways that few courts have been tested since the earliest days of the Republic when constitutional ques-tions abounded. The President himself has attacked individual judges and the credibility of the judiciary at large. The President has attacked a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit and said if they didn’t decide with him, they would be respon-sible for the next terrorist act. I have never heard any President in my life-time or read about any President in previous history who dared do that. We are in uncharted territory with this President and with judicial independ-ence. It requires a strong independent backbone. Judge Gorsuch has shown none. Senators on the Judiciary Com-mittee rightly asked Judge Gorsuch di-rect questions about this issue. I did so myself in my meeting with the judge. While the judge repeatedly asserted his independence, he could not point to anything in his record to guarantee it. Judge Gorsuch offered the Judiciary myriad platitudes on this point. ‘‘No man is above the law,’’ he said. He said he was ‘‘disheartened’’ by the Presi-dent’s attacks on the judiciary. The President, for his sake, said that Judge Gorsuch didn’t mean him, and every-one left it at that. If Judge Gorsuch had an ounce of courage, had shown a scintilla of an ability to be independent, he would have said: No, Mr. President. No, Presi-dent Trump, I did mean you. Instead, he just tells us in general that he is de-moralized, disheartened. Telling us is not the same as showing us. He is ask-ing us to take him at his word, but his record suggests that he has long been someone who has advocated extreme deference to assertions of broad Presi-dential power. That leads me to my second point; that Judge Gorsuch was unable to con-vince me that he would be a neutral judge, free of ideology and bias. The hearings this week were an oppor-tunity for Judge Gorsuch to explain his record, to tell us how he thinks and how his judicial philosophy does not fundamentally advantage the powerful. Instead, we got banalities and plati-tudes. We didn’t get any real answers to any real questions about what he thinks about the law and why. He re-fused to answer general questions on dark money in politics, LGBTQ rights, the constitutionality of the Muslim ban. I couldn’t believe it, when I asked him: Is a law that bans Muslims, a law that just said all Muslims are banned from the U.S. unconstitutional, he couldn’t even answer that. He refused to say whether he agreed with Supreme Court decisions in seminal cases like Brown v. Board, Roe v. Wade, Griswold v. Connecticut, despite the fact that his predecessors, Justices Roberts and Alito, said they agreed with those cases. He refused to answer questions about the emoluments clause, a section of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.006 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1946 March 23, 2017 
Constitution that prohibits foreign cor-ruption of U.S. officials. Instead of an umpire calling balls and strikes in baseball, what we really saw was a well-trained expert in dodgeball. My friend, the ranking member of the committee, said it best. ‘‘What worries me,’’ she told the nominee, ‘‘is that you have been very much able to avoid any specificity like no one I have ever seen before.’’ Let me repeat. There is no legal standard, rule, or even logic for failing to answer questions that don’t involve immediate and specific cases that are or could come before the Court. It is evasion, just evasion, plain and simple, and it belies a deeper truth about this nominee. If anyone doubts that Judge Gorsuch doesn’t have strong views, that thinks he would be a neutral judge calling balls and strikes as Judge Roberts once put it, just look at the way he was cho-sen. He was supported and pushed for-ward by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society, and groomed by billionaire conservatives like Mr. Anschutz. President Trump simply picked someone from off their list. President Trump sought the advice and consent from the Federalist Soci-ety instead of from the U.S. Senate. Does anyone think the Federalist Soci-ety would choose someone who just called balls and strikes? Does anyone think they would put on their list a neutral, moderate judge when they haven’t ever supported anyone but ju-dicial conservatives, almost all hard- right judicial conservatives in their history? The Federalist Society has been dedicated for a generation to in-fluence the courts to favor corpora-tions and special interests. If anyone doubts that Judge Gorsuch could be an activist judge with views eschewing the interests of average people, look at how he was selected—by a group that is not neutral, a group that has been dedicated to changing the judiciary and placing activist, hard-right judges on the bench. Now that he is nomi-nated, look at how much money, dark, secret, undisclosed money—it is a good bet from the very corporations Judge Gorsuch has been defending his whole career. If he were so neutral, would they be spending this money? I doubt it. Anyone groomed by the Federalist Society will not call balls and strikes. Their views are best foretold by the ideology of the people who groomed them. To say Judge Gorsuch has no ideology whatsoever is absurd. He just will not admit it to the American peo-ple. To say he is just neutral in his views is belied by his history since his college days and by his own judicial record. He even tried to deny it. In the hearings, Judge Gorsuch repeated the hollow assertion that judges don’t have parties or politics. He said there are no Democratic judges or Republican judges, but if that were true, we wouldn’t be here, would we? If that were true, if the Senate were merely evaluating a nominee based on his or her qualifications, Merrick Garland would be seated on the Supreme Court right now. Merrick Garland is not a Justice. We all know why. We all know my friends across the aisle held the Su-preme Court seat open for over 1 year in hopes that they would have the op-portunity to install someone hand-picked by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society to advance the goal of Big Money interests entrench-ing their power in the Court. They don’t even mind that this nomi-nation is moving forward under a cloud of an FBI investigation of the Presi-dent’s campaign. The Republicans held a Supreme Court seat open for a year under a Democratic President who was under no investigation but now are rushing to fill the seat for a President whose campaign is under investigation. It is unseemly and wrong to be moving so fast on a lifetime appointment in such circumstances. Finally, Judge Gorsuch came into this hearing with a record that raises deep concerns about whether he would consider fairly the plight of the aver-age citizen before the interests of pow-erful special interests. I examined his record. I saw a judge who repeatedly decided with insurance companies that wanted to deny disability benefits to employees. I saw a judge who, in unem-ployment discrimination, sided with employers the great majority of the time. I saw a judge who, on the issue of money and politics, seems to be in the same company as Justices Thomas and Scalia, willing to restrict the most commonsense contribution limits. In the hearings, Judge Gorsuch did nothing to explain his philosophy, did nothing to assuage those concerns. We will just have to go by his record, a record that shows time and time again his rulings favor the already powerful over ordinary Americans. Judge Gorsuch ruled against a teach-er, Grace Hwang, who, having been through two bouts of cancer, was ad-vised by her doctors not to return to the college campus during a flu epi-demic lest she put her life at risk. She was fired for taking sick leave. Judge Gorsuch, true to form, voted to uphold that dismissal. Her daughter Katherine told us last week: 
This decision to protect her health cost my mom her job. When Judge Gorsuch issued his ruling, he didn’t think about the impact that this had on our family. The law calls for ‘‘reasonable accommodation for those who are disabled.’’ 
Judge Gorsuch ignored the human cost. Judge Gorsuch ruled against a truck-driver, Alfonse Maddin, who had to make a similar choice between his em-ployer and his life. I met with him. He told me a harrowing story of being stuck in the cab of a tractor-trailer with frozen brakes, no heat, tempera-tures outside dipping to 27 below zero. He had a choice, leave the trailer with broken brakes and drive the cab to safety or stay in the trailer and freeze to death. He radioed his company to explain his predicament. They told him that the cargo was the most important thing; he couldn’t leave it. Rather than risk the lives of other motorists on a freezing highway by driving a trailer with frozen brakes, Mr. Maddin strug-gled to unhitch his trailer and drive his cab to safety—returning later for it once he was not at risk of dying from the cold. For that, his company fired him. He sued. Seven judges heard this case as it went through appeal. Only one, Judge Gorsuch, in dissent, ruled against him. Judge Gorsuch used an ex-ceptionally technical and illogical reading of the statute to reach the ab-surd conclusion that Mr. Maddin was obligated to risk his life to protect his cargo. Mr. Maddin said that Judge Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court gives him ‘‘pause for concern’’ because he ‘‘demonstrated a willing-ness to artfully diminish the humane element that encompassed the issue.’’ Judge Gorsuch also ruled against a parent of a severely autistic child, Luke, who sought what the Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act guarantees him—the right to an edu-cation that met his needs. Jeff Perkins, Luke’s father, is testifying before the Judiciary Committee today. Their story is powerful. Judge Gorsuch ruled that Luke was not entitled to attend a specialized school because he was able to make more than de minimis progress in the normal educational sys-tem. Just yesterday, the Supreme Court unanimously—including Justice Alito and so many others who are so conserv-ative—rejected Judge Gorsuch’s inter-pretation of the IDEA. The Court held that ‘‘when all is said and done, a stu-dent offered an educational program providing ‘merely more than a de mini-mis progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all.’’’ That puts Judge Gorsuch’s interpretation of the IDEA law to the right of even Justice Thom-as—a very difficult feat. Whom we put on the bench, their basic judgment, matters. While I do not think that the personal views and experiences should bear on the deci-sions of day-to-day cases, there is a reason we don’t program computers to decide cases. We do not want judges with ice water in their veins. What we want and need are judges who under-stand the litigants before them and bring a modicum—at least a mod-icum—of human judgment into the courtroom. You can call this trait em-pathy or mercy. I think it falls in the category of common sense. It is com-mon sense that necessarily comes from each person’s own, unique life experi-ence. Even Judge Gorsuch acknowl-edged this when he told the committee ‘‘I am not an algorithm.’’ Yet he wouldn’t tell us how, as a human—a nonalgorithm—he would uniquely ap-proach a case. When it comes to the application of the law, that empathy, that mercy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.008 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1947 March 23, 2017 
that ‘‘humane element’’ of common sense—as Alphonse Maddin, the truck-driver, put it—is the most important judicial trait of them all because ulti-mately the law is abstract, but the peo-ple and situations are real. The task of the judge is to apply those abstract legal doctrines to very humane and sometimes very messy situations. It is a hard thing to do to bring fairness and justice to a world that is too short on both. I am reminded of the words spoken by Portia, the great lawyer in ‘‘The Merchant of Venice,’’ who spoke of the blessings and necessity of mercy in ap-plying the law. He said: 
The quality of mercy is not strain’d, It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven Upon the place beneath. It is twice blest: It blesseth him that gives and him that takes. ’Tis mightiest in the mightiest: it becomes The thron-ed monarch better than his crown; His sceptre shows the force of temporal power, The attribute to awe and majesty, Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings; But mercy is above this sceptred sway, It is enthroned in the hearts of kings, It is an attribute to God himself. 
Judge Gorsuch told us he is not God, and that is true, but his humanity does not excuse him from the attribute of mercy. Instead, his humanity should require it. Alphonse Maddin sought the mercy of the law. The Hwang family sought the mercy of the law. Luke, the autis-tic child whose school was failing him, sought the mercy of the law. The man who had the power to see plain sense in their cases, who could rule in their favor and right the wrongs that had been done to them as other judges had done in each of those cases—Judge Neil Gorsuch—said no. I am voting no on Gorsuch for Al-phonse Maddin and workers across the country, for the Hwang family and oth-ers who do not want to choose between their health and providing for their children, and for the Perkins family, who loves their children just as they are and wants for them no fewer than the opportunities afforded to every other child in America. The American people deserve some-one who sees average litigants as more than incidental consequences of prece-dent, when that precedent produces an absurd result, whose view of the law is not so cold and so arid so as to wring out every last drop of humanity and common sense. It requires only the bare minimum of judicial decency to rule the right way in the cases I have mentioned, and Judge Gorsuch did not. That is all the evidence my col-leagues should need to vote no, and I urge them and will urge them in the days ahead to do so. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today, we are truly in a historic fight, a fight to protect one of the most treasured and revered American values—our right to privacy. Make no mistake, our privacy has never been more in danger, and the American public knows it. The American public knows its pri-vacy is in danger when a smart TV can listen to its most intimate living room conversations—your conversations with your children, with your parents, with your spouse. The American public knows its pri-vacy is in danger when it seems that every day there is a hack on the data-bases of one of our country’s largest companies—Yahoo!, Target, Home Depot, JPMorgan Chase. The American public knows its pri-vacy is in danger when the Russian sur-veillance machine—firing on all cyl-inders—hacks the U.S. election, threat-ening to undermine our sacred demo-cratic system. The American public knows its pri-vacy is in danger when both Chambers of Congress hold countless hearings, launch investigations, and receive briefings on the rapidly growing cyber-security threat to our Nation and the impact both on our national security and to the public. The American public wants us to do more to protect its privacy. The Amer-ican public wants us to do more to pro-tect its sensitive information. Yet what do the Republicans in Congress want to do today on the Senate floor? They want to make it easier for Ameri-cans’ sensitive information to be used, shared, and sold without their permis-sion. Today, the Republicans are seeking a vote on a Congressional Review Act resolution that would allow Comcast, Verizon, Charter, AT&T, and other broadband companies to take control away from consumers and relentlessly collect and sell their sensitive informa-tion without the consent of that fam-ily. That is sensitive information about your health, about your finances, even about your children. They want to track your location and draw a map of where you shop, where you work, where you eat, where your children go to school, and then sell that information to data brokers or anyone else who wants to make a profit off of you. They want to document how many times you search online for heart dis-ease, breast cancer, opioid addiction treatments, or AIDS treatment, and then sell that information to your in-surance company. They want to know what games your teenagers play or shows they watch so they can then tar-get ads to your family—and all of this done without your consent. What the Republicans are bringing to the floor today is going to basically change the definition of ‘‘ISP’’—inter-net service provider—to ‘‘information sold for profit.’’ It will stand for ‘‘in-vading subscriber privacy.’’ President Trump, himself, is out-raged about fake violations of his own privacy, but we should all be alarmed by this very real violation of privacy that will occur today if the Senate de-cides to roll back these important con-sumer protections. Here on the Senate floor, the Repub-licans are fighting to make it easier for your broadband provider to use and sell that same type of information—re-markably detailed and sensitive dos-siers of information about you, your kids, your parents, your grand-parents—320 million Americans. The Republicans are trying to re-scind the Federal Communications Commission’s broadband privacy rules, which simply require your cable, wire-less, or telephone company provider to obtain consumer consent before using or sharing subscribers’ personal infor-mation; promote transparency by dis-closing what they collect about inter-net and wireless users; and adopt data security protections and notify con-sumers if a breach occurs. That is it. That is what this whole debate is all about—whether con-sumers, not the broadband providers, have control over their sensitive infor-mation. The big broadband companies and their Republican allies say we need a light touch regulatory framework to protect Americans’ broadband pri-vacy—a light touch approach, like with the Federal Trade Commission, which does not prescribe actual privacy rules. The Federal Trade Commission only enforces the privacy policies companies create for themselves, and then they bring an enforcement action if a com-pany violates its own very low stand-ards, but if Comcast’s or AT&T’s or Verizon’s policy is that you have no privacy, there is nothing for anyone to enforce. It would be impossible for the internet service provider to violate its own nonexistent or very low privacy protections. Let’s be clear here. When the broadband behemoths say ‘‘light touch,’’ they mean ‘‘hands off.’’ They mean hands off their ability to mone-tize captive consumers’ sensitive infor-mation. Let’s be clear. When the big broadband barons and their Republican allies are firing their opening salvo in the war on net neutrality, they want broadband privacy protections to be the first victim. When Republicans say we need to harmonize regulations, they really mean self-regulation. Self-regulation is the ultimate dream of the Republicans, who are beholden to those special in-terests. They really want to allow broadband companies to write their own privacy rules. Is this really what the American pub-lic wants—a harmonized, light-touch approach to protecting their sensitive information from their broadband pro-viders? Does the American public real-ly want us to allow our broadband com-panies to ignore reasonable data secu-rity practices, making consumers’ sen-sitive information more vulnerable to breaches and unauthorized access? This resolution does just that. The internet service providers even oppose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.010 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1948 March 23, 2017 
following reasonable data security practices. We should know better. The Amer-ican public wants us to strengthen our privacy protections, not weaken them. The American people do not want their sensitive information collected, used, and sold by any third party, whether that be your broadband provider or a hacker. At its core, this debate is about our values—our values as a people, our val-ues as a society. While technology has certainly changed, our core values have not changed as a country. For genera-tions, we have valued the right to choose whom we let into our homes, whom we communicate with, whom we share our most sensitive secrets with, but now the Republicans and the broadband industry are telling us that we must forgo those rights just because our homes are connected to the inter-net and our phones are connected to the internet. With many Americans across the country having only a couple of broadband providers, at most, to choose from, they will not have the op-tion of changing service providers if their privacy protections are not trans-parent or robust. And throughout it all, while the internet service providers monetize your personal information, the monthly bill will continue to show up for the service that is siphoning off your sensitive information. My colleagues, we know the attack on the free and open internet is com-ing. Net neutrality is on the chopping block, and this is the first step in en-suring that the few and the powerful control the internet. We must stop this today, so I urge my colleagues to join with me. The fundamental principle here is that every person should have the knowledge that information is being gathered about their families when they use the internet; second, that they have notice from the company that that information is going to be re-sold to a third party, to someone else, not to the broadband company; and third, that you have the right to say no, that you do not want that informa-tion about your family member to be resold. When we were all younger and the salesman came to the front door and knocked, your mother told you to tell the salesman that they could not come into the house because the privacy of your family did not warrant allowing a stranger into your home. The broadband companies now say: Well, we are in your home, and we are wired in every room, and we now have the right to take all of the information of your family and sell it. What sites do your children go on? What sites do you go on to look for help for the disease that someone in your family might have? Now the broadband companies say they are coming right through the front door. They are going into every room in your house. The American peo-ple have the right to say what they have always said: No, you cannot take those secrets of our family. You cannot take how we use that information. So this vote that we are about to take in the next couple of hours on the Senate floor goes right to the heart of who we are. We now hear more about the Rus-sians, and we hear more about compa-nies whose information has been hacked. Then the Republicans are cry-ing their crocodile tears about the compromise of privacy of people in our country, and then they come to the floor and take all of the information online in the family and allow it to be sold as a product. That is just fun-damentally wrong. It goes contrary to the values of our country. I urge very strongly a ‘‘no’’ vote from the Members of the Senate. Just re-member: This is the privacy vote of all time on the Senate floor—of all time— because there has never been anything like the internet going into our homes. No one should be allowed to take all of that information and just sell it with-out getting their permission. Mr. President, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, before he leaves the floor, I just want to com-mend my colleague from Massachu-setts for an excellent presentation. He has really outlined A to Z with respect to what this issue is all about. I com-mend him, and I also commend the ranking member of the committee, Senator N
ELSON , our colleague from Florida, for his excellent job. Before he leaves the floor, picking up on the remarks of our colleague from Massachusetts, I am particularly struck by the fact that I have always thought that it is a classic conserv-ative principle to empower the indi-vidual—to empower the individual to make fundamental choices about what would be important to them and their family and their wallets and all of the activities that are central to the life of a working class family. What we have been touching on— very eloquently by my colleague from Massachusetts—is we are going to be voting in a little bit to strip rights from individuals, to retreat from that classic conservative principle of em-powering individuals and families to make decisions. I think, for all of the reasons that my colleague from Massachusetts has talked about and that Senator N
ELSON  has been talking about, this idea of stripping from individuals the right to make these fundamental decisions and allowing the gatekeepers of the inter-net to collect, share, and profit from personal information of consumers without their consent is an extraor-dinary mistake for our country at this time. I serve on the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. I think, for many people, these issues have, in ef-fect, converged with respect to privacy policy as it relates to the private mar-ketplace, which is what this ill-advised proposal that we are going to vote on today is all about. We are constantly offered up ideas that suggest that you really are faced with what amounts to a flawed set of choices. In the intelligence area, we are consistently told: Well, you just have to give up a little bit of liberty to have security. And the reality is that liberty and security are not mutually exclusive. Smart policies give us both. They give us security and liberty. Un-fortunately, around here, we are com-ing up with policies, like weakening strong encryption, that are reducing both—reducing security and reducing liberty. I think what we are dealing with here on this ill-advised resolution in the Senate, with respect to the FCC rule, is yet another set of false choices—that you can either have internet access or privacy. They are not mutually exclusive. Just as we can have security and liberty, we can have internet access and privacy for all of the reasons that my friend from Massa-chusetts has been outlining. Now, the FCC acted on the responsi-bility given to them by the Congress to protect browsing history—arguably the most intimate, personal information imaginable. Browsing history makes what the Senate did in the past with metadata look like small potatoes. Browsing history is really a picture into your personal life. I have appre-ciated the support of my colleagues for making sure that in the intelligence field, without court oversight, you couldn’t get access to people’s brows-ing history. The Congress, in effect, told the Fed-eral Communications Commission to protect browsing history, favorite ap-plications, and even locations of Amer-ican broadband users, and the FCC acted on it. Before that time, there were no rules in place outlining how an internet service provider—those are the ISPs that we always hear Senators talking about—may use, share, or even sell their customers’ private informa-tion. So, just as the FCC has done for wireline phone customers, the FCC said it was going to keep up with the evo-lution of telecommunications networks by ensuring privacy protections would apply to broadband internet use. This struck a lot of us as just common sense. Again, building on the conserv-ative principle of empowering the indi-vidual, the judgment was that by cre-ating what are called ‘‘opt-in’’ consent agreements, where the consumer makes an affirmative decision about what they want—it is not what govern-ment wants, it is not what big compa-nies want, it is what the consumer wants. The judgment was that by cre-ating this opt-in consent agreement, the consumer would get a clear under-standing of what the broadband pro-vider knows about them from, for ex-ample, their computer or from their smartphone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:27 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.011 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1949 March 23, 2017 
The big internet service providers are in a unique position to see where infor-mation flows over the networks and can see more of Americans’ data than probably anybody else in what we might call the internet ecosystem. The websites we visit, what we look for, what time we are online—all of this, even our location—would be considered highly personal and highly sensitive in-formation. The responsibility of the internet service provider is to protect consumer privacy. It is compounded by the fact that the majority of broadband con-sumers have only one option for fast internet service to their home. There is only one company offering them serv-ice. So it seems to me what we are talking about—what Senator M
ARKEY  has outlined—really looks like bad news for folks in rural areas where they are only going to have one pro-vider, and, frankly, I think in a lot of metropolitan areas, particularly where there are modest-income individuals. Without these protections in place, most consumers are left with the choice of giving up their browsing his-tory for an internet service provider to sell to the highest bidder or to have no internet at all. So think about what that means for, say, an older person. By the way, under what is being con-sidered in the other body on healthcare, people between 50 and 64 aren’t going to have a lot of extra money laying around. Those are people who are going to get clobbered—clob-bered—by the healthcare bill that is being considered in the House today. What is being considered in the House today—talking about the wallets of people between 50 and 64—would allow the insurance companies to charge people who are pre-Medicare five times as much as younger people. So they are already going to be paying thousands of dollars more out-of-pock-et. Now, given what may happen in this body, we would have consumers left with the choice of giving up their browsing history for an internet serv-ice provider to sell to the highest bid-der or have no internet at all. So we are socking it to them in terms of their healthcare premiums, and then we are socking it to them in terms of essential communications as well. I just think this is unacceptable and certainly contrary to the whole notion of classic conservatism, empowering the individual. And it is certainly tak-ing away these rights from folks in rural America—most of my towns in Oregon have populations of under 10,000 people. This proposal that is being dis-cussed here is going to strip consumers of basic rights that are practically a requirement for economic success in the 21st century. I am going to close by picking up on another point that I think Senator M
ARKEY said very well, and I believe I heard Senator N
ELSON , our ranking member, touch on as well. It looks to me like a subject that should not be in controversy: basic transparency and accountability for the individual, and individual empowerment. It shouldn’t be controversial. It shouldn’t be a con-tentious matter. My colleague and I served in the other body for a number of years, and we built coalitions of peo-ple all across the political spectrum around the principles we are advo-cating today. Providing transparency and empowering the individual shouldn’t be a contentious issue. Under these regulations, internet service providers can still collect and use their subscribers’ information. The rules simply ensure that internet serv-ice providers receive consent—receive permission from an empowered con-sumer—that it is OK to reuse or sell their information, and the companies would provide the consumers an expla-nation of how their data is collected and where it is shared. These rules are about transparency, plain and simple. Customers, especially those, as I have indicated, who are captive to one inter-net service provider, deserve to know how their internet service provider is using their data. The broadband privacy rules are not some kind of attack on monetizing consumer data, but simply a recogni-tion of the importance of consumer consent. I will close by saying that more and more in this area, the American people are getting presented false choices. They are being told, as I see on the In-telligence Committee, that you have to give up some of your liberty to have your security. Those are false choices. They are not mutually exclusive. Ev-eryone in America, everyone paying at-tention to this debate ought to know that they have a right to both. Don’t ever, ever let a politician tell you that you have to give up some of your lib-erty to have your security. You have a right to vote, and it is our job, col-leagues on both sides of the aisle, to come up with policies that do both. Today, we ought to make sure that people aren’t presented with another false choice—that to have Internet ac-cess you have to give up your privacy rights. You can have both, and the Fed-eral Communications Commission has sought to come up with a sensible pol-icy to do that. So I join my colleagues, particularly my friend from Massachusetts, who knows so much about this field, and our terrific ranking minority member, Senator NELSON , in urging colleagues to oppose a harmful resolution that, in my view, turns class conservatism on its head and strips consumers of their rights in a truly ill-advised manner. I yield the floor. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose the resolution to repeal the Federal Communications Commission’s rule to protect consumers from having their data sold by internet service pro-viders, or ISPs, without their permis-sion. Passing this resolution of disapproval would represent yet another victory for big business and a defeat for hard- working Americans who use the inter-net to do their job, connect with friends, or read the news. The internet started as a system to facilitate communication among aca-demic and military networks. In 1995, less than 1 percent of the world used it. Today more than 87 percent of Ameri-cans and more than 40 percent of the world’s population use the internet. Today the internet has become near-ly indispensable. Increasingly, our toasters, refrigerators, and cars can connect to the internet, but legislation has been slow to keep up with tech-nology. Every website we visit and every link we click leaves an unin-tended trail that tells a story about our lives. ISPs can collect information about our location, children, sensitive information, family status, financial information, Social Security numbers, web browsing history, and even the content of communications. ISPs sell this highly sensitive and highly per-sonal data to the highest bidder with-out any consent or knowledge. Recognizing that telecommuni-cations companies have little incentive to tell consumers what they are doing with their personal data, the FCC pro-mulgated a rule to make sure that con-sumers can protect their privacy though transparency, choice, and data security. The rule’s name explains its purpose: ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services.’’ The FCC rule would not stop companies from selling consumers’ information, but the rule would require ISPs to get consumers’ consent before using, dis-closing, or allowing others to access this information. As former FCC Chairman Wheeler said, ‘‘It’s the consumers’ information. How it is used should be the con-sumers’ choice.’’ With this resolution, Congressional Republicans are telling 9 out of 10 Americans that they should not be able to decide how private corporations col-lect, disclose, and sell their personal data. This resolution puts the special interests of data users above those of consumers. I oppose the resolution. Mr. WYDEN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, what is the parliamentary situation? Are we in morning business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is considering S.J. Res. 34. 
CALLING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF A SPECIAL  
PROSECUTOR  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have been privileged to serve in this body for more than 42 years, and I thank my na-tive State of Vermont for that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.013 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1950 March 23, 2017 
When I joined the Senate, our coun-try was still crawling out of an intrac-table war—a war which came to an end with a vote in the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee in April of 1975. Since then, I have seen our country slide into new wars. I have seen scandals that have consumed this town and our Na-tion. I have seen horrific terrorist at-tacks that have shaken our country to its core, from Oklahoma City to 9/11, and others. All of these events, in dif-ferent ways, have tested our country. But I have never seen a threat to our democratic institutions like I see today. There is still much we do not know about Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential election, but what we do know is deeply disturbing. Last night, reports indicated that there is evidence that certain Trump officials coordi-nated the release of hacked documents with Russian officials. And on Monday the FBI Director confirmed that the FBI has been investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia since July of last year. Already, the Intelligence Community has made public its conclusion that Russian President Putin waged a multifaceted influence campaign to delegitimize Secretary Clinton and help Donald Trump win the Presidency. Worse, he intended to undermine public faith in our democratic process. What is even worse is that this interference did not end on November 8, election day. It is ongoing. That—whether you are a Republican or a Democrat— should concern every American. According to the Intelligence Com-munity, President Putin will continue using cyber-attacks and propaganda campaigns to undermine our future elections. This is nothing less than an attack on our democracy. It should outrage all Americans, no matter what their political affiliation, and we need to know all the facts. Frankly, my experience here tells me we need a thorough, independent inves-tigation. We need to send a clear mes-sage to President Putin that America, our country—the country that the Pre-siding Officer and I revere—will not tolerate future efforts to manipulate our most sacred democratic process, our elections. All of us here know that President Trump is not going to lead such an in-vestigation. He is not going to deliver this message. The President, unfortu-nately, spent much of the 2016 cam-paign supportive of President Putin. Then-Candidate Trump refused to call on Russia to stop meddling in our elec-tion, saying: ‘‘I’m not going to tell Putin what to do.’’ He even encouraged Russian hacking on live television, pleading: ‘‘Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’ll be able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.’’ It is unprece-dented. No candidate, in my memory, of either party has ever called on an-other country to interfere in our elec-tions that way. This was occurring as the President was claiming to have had no role in weakening the Republican Party’s offi-cial position on Russia’s incursion into Ukraine. Of course, we have now learned that this was false, and his campaign played a central role in soft-ening his party’s stance on Russia. I do not know why the President is so enthralled with President Vladimir Putin, a man who has shown such dis-regard for personal rights, even as he has made himself one of the wealthiest people in the world. It may be simply because Russia is heavily invested in the Trump brand. Years before the President denied having any financial relationships with the Russians, his son admitted that Russians own a dis-proportionate share of Trump assets, saying: ‘‘We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.’’ Now, just how in-vested Moscow is in Trump is not known. The President broke with precedent of both Republicans and Democrats and did not release his tax returns. But I imagine there would be quite a sigh of relief if the only secret in the President’s full tax returns were that he did not pay his share of taxes and paid far less than the average American. The President, though, is not the only one in his administration incapa-ble of telling the truth when it comes to Russia. His Attorney General pro-vided testimony that was not true be-fore the Senate Judiciary Committee in response to questions from me and Senator F
RANKEN about Russian con-tacts, and we know his first National Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, re-signed after lying to Vice President P
ENCE about his conversations with the Russian Ambassador. President Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, also resigned after questions were raised about his extensive activities in Russia and Ukraine. Of course, now it has been re-ported that Mr. Manafort earned $10 million per year for secret work on be-half of Putin. Another former adviser, Roger Stone, had early warning of the release of hacked documents. He has admitted to having conversations with ‘‘Guccifer 2.0,’’ the Russian-connected hacker re-sponsible for the cyber-attack on the Democratic National Committee. They say that where there is smoke there is fire. There is so much smoke here that it is getting hard to breathe. The President unfortunately continues to make matters worse. This week alone, he continued his untruth about President Obama personally ordering a wiretap of Trump Tower, something ev-erybody knows is not true. I think members of his own administration’s inner circle are embarrassed every time he persists in this. On Monday, the President ramped up his own influence campaign to under-mine the integrity of this investiga-tion, tweeting ‘‘fake news’’ as the Di-rector of the FBI prepared to testify under oath in the House of Representa-tives. Now, I have no reason to doubt the integrity of the FBI’s investigation thus far, but I have every reason to be-lieve it is eventually going to be at risk. That is why we need somebody independent—independent of the Con-gress, independent of the administra-tion. We need an independent special prosecutor to lead this investigation and to ultimately decide whether there is sufficient evidence to prosecute. A special prosecutor would not report to the Attorney General, who himself is a witness to this investigation. And a special prosecutor, unlike the Attorney General or even the FBI Director, can-not be fired by the President. I have thought long and hard about this. I went on my experience here with administrations beginning with Presi-dent Gerald Ford straight through to today. It takes a lot of thought to call for a special prosecutor, but this is one where we need it, where the American people have to have somebody they can trust outside Republicans, Democrats, and the Congress, and certainly outside the administration. Our Nation is at a precipice. We can either confront what happened in our election and get to the bottom of it with an independent investigation and make sure it never happens again. Or we can just pretend this is another Washington scandal and allow it to be filtered through a familiar partisan lens. That would be a terrible mistake. In all my years here, I have never seen a time when another country—one that has shown its animosity toward us— has tried to interfere in our elections. If Russia can get away with interfering with our elections, what else can they interfere with in our democratic Na-tion? They do not share the ideals we do. They do not allow free elections. They do not allow freedom of expres-sion. They do not allow their people to speak out. Why would anyone think that they would have America’s inter-ests at heart? Today we have a counterintelligence investigation into the campaign of a sitting President. There is evidence that this campaign colluded with a for-eign adversary to impact our Presi-dential election. This is not normal. We must not treat it as such. I would feel this way no matter who had won the election—no matter if they were Democrat or Republican, because it goes beyond one party. President Putin’s goal last year was to undermine our democratic institu-tions—to corrode American’s trust and faith in government, something that has sustained us through two World Wars, through a Civil War, through all the other problems this Nation has faced. That trust should sustain us long after every one of us in this body are gone. This is a responsibility that we as Senators have to our great Nation: not to think of ourselves for the moment, but to think where this Nation is 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, and 100 years from now. We must do that. We owe that to the American people. Repub-licans and Democrats alike, we owe it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.016 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1951 March 23, 2017 
to the American people. We take an oath to uphold our Constitution. We come here, all of us—and I have great respect for every Senator here in both parties—we come here hoping to do the best for our Nation. Our Nation is in peril. All of us would stand to-gether if we had an adversary attack us. All of us would stand together if somebody declared war on us. We have done that in the past. We did that after Pearl Harbor. We did that other times in our Nation’s history. Well, because this is done quietly behind the scenes, it is a great attack on us. As I said, President Putin’s goal last year was to undermine our democratic institutions—to corrode Americans’ trust and faith in our government, no matter who is President. If we do not get to the bottom of Russian inter-ference, he will no doubt be successful. And if anybody doubts it, if he is suc-cessful, he will try it again. That is why we should stand united and call for a truly independent inves-tigation. The American people deserve nothing less. We can sit here and talk about this bill and that bill, but it is so rare that we have something over-riding. This is overriding. Let’s have an independent investigation. This Sen-ator is willing to accept that whichever way it goes. I see our distinguished majority lead-er on the floor. I will yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 12:15 p.m. today there be 10 minutes of de-bate, equally divided in the usual form, remaining on S.J. Res. 34; further, that following the use or yielding back of that time, the joint resolution be read a third time and the Senate vote on the resolution with no intervening action or debate; finally, notwithstanding rule XXII, following disposition of the joint resolution, the Senate vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 20, David Friedman to be Ambassador to Israel. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask unani-mous consent that the time be charged equally. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, the rules that the Federal Communica-tions Commission recently promul-gated—and when I say ‘‘recently,’’ it was October, only months ago—ex-panded the concept of privacy and con-sumer protection as applied to broadband. Now we are on the verge of rescinding those rules through S.J. Res. 34. This resolution is a direct attack on consumer rights, on privacy, on rules that afford basic protection against in-trusive and illegal interference with consumers’ use of social media sites, websites, that often they take for granted. Many Americans simply don’t stop to think about how broadband providers, as the carriers of all internet traffic, are also able to collect and use consumer data, to put together a de-tailed picture of who they are, what they do, where and when they buy things, where they go, what they like to do—all of it an array of data that people assume is private, all of it freely available to those internet providers. Even when data is encrypted, our broadband providers can piece together significant amounts of information about us—including private informa-tion, medical conditions, financial problems—based on online activity. It is a mine that can be used—more valu-able than a gold mine—because that in-formation can be sold and bought and used again so that privacy becomes a completely evanescent and illusory feature of our lives. Consumers wanting to switch broadband providers are often hit with hefty termination fees, and they have to experience a lapse in Internet serv-ice at home—something that most sim-ply don’t have the luxury to do or en-dure in today’s connected society where internet is accessible. They have no meaningful choice about how to safeguard broadband privacy. They have one choice if they want speeds above 25 megabits per second. That is why I applauded those rules when they were promulgated by the FCC back in October, finalizing broadband privacy protections. I applauded them because signing up for the internet should not mean you sign away your rights to pri-vacy. Just as telephone networks must ob-tain consumer approval before selling customer information, broadband pro-viders ought to be required to obtain consumers’ affirmative consent before selling their sensitive browsing or app usage data to advertisers. The FCC rules that this resolution would deci-mate, utterly destroy, essentially seek to protect that privacy interest. The only way the FCC’s broadband privacy rules protect consumers is through an affirmative opt-in consent. That is the only real protection that works. These rules also prohibit pay-for-pri-vacy schemes that would require con-sumers to waive their privacy protec-tions as a precondition to receiving service. They establish data security and breach notification standards for broadband providers. They also have important national security implications. Just last week, the Department of Justice indicted four individuals, including Russian spies, for hacking into Yahoo! systems in 2014 and obtaining access to at least 500 million Yahoo! accounts. According to the indictment, these Russian intel-ligence officers spied on U.S. Govern-ment officials and private sector em-ployees of financial companies. One de-fendant also exploited the data for fi-nancial gain. Without clear rules of the road, broadband subscribers will have no cer-tainty or choice about how their pri-vate information can be used, no pro-tection against abuse, and no assur-ance that security standards will be bolstered against that kind of attack that the Russians and their spies launched. The FTC doesn’t have jurisdiction over the security and privacy practices of broadband, cable, and wireless car-riers. If the Ninth Circuit’s recent deci-sion in FTC v. AT&T is upheld, adopt-ing a ‘‘status-based’’ instead of ‘‘activ-ity-based’’ interpretation of the FTC’s common carrier exemption, the FTC’s jurisdiction and ability to impose pri-vacy and security obligations would be even further curtailed. Critics also say that the FCC’s broadband privacy rules would unfairly create a separate regulatory regime for ‘‘edge providers,’’ websites such as Google or Facebook. If that is their real concern, why haven’t they focused their efforts on ensuring that the FTC has meaningful rulemaking authority so that it can implement privacy and data security rules over such websites? In closing, I have long supported giv-ing the FTC authority to adopt its own rules governing the privacy and secu-rity of websites. Giving the FTC au-thority to adopt new rules would help ensure our privacy, keep our privacy safe no matter where we go on the internet or how we connect. However, I don’t see any of our colleagues, in sup-porting this resolution, rushing to ac-complish these goals. We should all remember that con-sumers need control over their own in-formation and how it is used. This res-olution would subvert and sabotage that control. All too often, Americans take for granted privacy until it is lost. Once it is lost, rarely can it be recovered. Once that information becomes public, pri-vacy is irreparably damaged. Today’s vote, if it succeeds, will de-prive Americans of important baseline privacy standards that they expect and demand the government to provide. Few Americans are aware of this vote today. Many will be aware of its con-sequences. It will do extraordinary damage to privacy, if it is approved. I urge my colleagues to reject it and to help preserve American privacy. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.017 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1952 March 23, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE  
ACT 
Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, I rise to celebrate the anniversary of one of the most significant legislative achieve-ments in American history, the pas-sage of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, also known as ObamaCare. I rise in strong opposition to the American Health Care Act, a callous and carelessly written bill that would roll back progress and strip health in-surance from millions of Americans. I rise on behalf of people like Chrystal from my home State of Cali-fornia. You see, I know Chrystal. She works in my dentist’s office. In early 2011, just after I was elected attorney general of California, I went in for a checkup. It had been a while since I had seen her. Chrystal asked me how I had been, and I asked her how she had been, and then she shared with me great news. She was pregnant. As a dental hygienist, she was work-ing for a few different dentists and wasn’t on the payroll of any of them as a full-time employee. This was before the ACA was in place, so Chrystal was on private insurance with only basic coverage, just enough to cover her an-nual exams. When Chrystal found out she was pregnant, she went to her insurance company to apply for prenatal cov-erage. She was denied. When I asked her why, she told me that they said she had a preexisting condition. So you can imagine I asked her: Are you OK? What is wrong? What is the preexisting con-dition? She told me she was pregnant. When she applied to another healthcare company for insurance, again, she was denied. Why? Pre-existing condition. What was it? She was pregnant. So this young woman was forced to go into her sixth month of pregnancy before she received a sonogram. In-stead, thankfully, there was a free clin-ic in San Francisco, so she could get her prenatal care. Thank God she had a strong and beautiful baby boy. His name is Jack-son. They are both doing well today. Thank God that situation is no longer the reality for millions of Amer-icans. I share Chrystal’s story to remind us what America’s healthcare system looked like only a few years ago. We should not forget that before the ACA, 48 million Americans lacked health insurance. That is more people than the entire country of Canada. Before the ACA, when these people got sick, they had three choices: Go without treatment, go to the emer-gency room, or go broke. Before the ACA, 129 million people— almost one out of every two Ameri-cans—could be denied insurance cov-erage because of preexisting condi-tions. And the minute you got sick, your insurer could dig up some flimsy reason to drop your coverage. You could be denied coverage for chemo-therapy or insulin if you had cancer or diabetes. You could be denied prenatal coverage if you were pregnant, like Chrystal. You could even be denied health coverage if you were a victim of domestic violence. Before the ACA, healthcare costs were crushing low-income and middle- class Americans. Premiums—which, of course, are those monthly bills that we all pay for our insurance—were going up and up. Sky-high medical bills were the No. 1 reason Americans went broke, causing them to sell their homes, their cars, and even pawn their jewelry to pay off their debts. One of the worst things about facing the healthcare system without cov-erage before the ACA was that it left you feeling utterly alone. Most Ameri-cans know what I am talking about: that knot in your stomach when you know there is something wrong with your health or the health of your child or your parent, but you are not sure what it is, whether it can be fixed or whether your insurance will cover it, and the frustration, the anger as you try to make sense of the fine print and codes on the medical bill that has so many zeros. How many of us have walked into an emergency room with a loved one and felt time just stop? Maybe it was with your child who was running a fever or having trouble breathing. Maybe your partner is being rushed in with a pos-sible heart attack. All you will know is that something is wrong. All you know is that you are overwhelmed and scared, and you know that you should not also have to fight on the phone with an insurance company or wonder if a doctor will even see you at all. That is how millions and millions of Americans experienced our healthcare system. It was not right or fair. So the ACA set out to make things better, and 7 years ago today, President Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. It finally extended good, af-fordable health insurance to Americans like Chrystal all across the Nation. Vice President Biden was absolutely right when, at the time, he said that it was a ‘‘big’’—and then I will not quote the next word; let’s call it blanking— ‘‘deal.’’ It is a shame that people have been playing politics with this law and with America’s health. The former Speaker of the House said that the ACA would be ‘‘Armageddon.’’ A Republican Presi-dential candidate who now sits in the Cabinet called the ACA—and these are his actual words—‘‘the worst thing that has happened in this nation since slavery.’’ Earlier this month, the President of the United States tweeted that the ACA is ‘‘a complete and total dis-aster.’’ Well, I say: Tell that to the people of California because when a State wants to make the ACA work, it works—whether that is California or Kentucky, and real people living real lives know it. For example, I recently heard from Myra from Sherman Oaks, CA, who was diagnosed with an aggressive form of breast cancer. She wrote: 
Before ObamaCare, my husband and I lived under constant stress due to our lack of good health insurance. 
But, because of the ACA, Myra told me: 
We had a Silver Blue Shield plan that cov-ered . . . well over a million dollars in bills to date. I am happy to report I am now well, but without insurance, I was facing a death sentence. Without the ACA, we would cer-tainly have had to sell our home to pay my bills and try to figure out how to make ends meet. 
She wrote that it covered well over a million dollars. That is what the ACA does. Here is how Cindy of from Oakley, CA, has experienced real life. She wrote: 
My daughter was diagnosed with an eating disorder at 13 years old and I can directly thank the excellent care received at Kaiser Northern California for her good health today at age 17. Without the ACA and the mental health parity it helps provide . . . I would not have had treatment options avail-able to me. 
Again, coverage for mental health treatment—that is what the ACA does. Honoree, a single mom from Samoa, CA, living with a spinal cord injury that has kept her from working for 3
1⁄2 years, wrote to me and said: 
I wanted to let you know that I love ObamaCare! My healthcare has steadily im-proved since the ACA was enacted. . . . I can’t tell you how AMAZING it felt to get my teeth cleaned and cared for after waiting more than a decade. I walked around for weeks saying, ‘‘thanks, ObamaCare!’’ whenever I sensed how good my teeth felt. I would be saddened to see the ACA get scrapped. It’s made a huge difference in our lives. Actually, I’d be more than saddened, I’d be very scared. 
Again, this is testimony about the ACA, in this case about dental cov-erage and improved healthcare. That is what the ACA does. I will state that I believe there is a huge disconnect between the over-the- top criticism of the ACA and the law’s actual impact. There is a disconnect between the politics and how people are actually living and thriving under the ACA. In fact, in a recent poll, one in three Americans didn’t even realize that the ACA and ObamaCare were ac-tually the same thing, and they are. So, everybody, let’s be clear about this. The Affordable Care Act is ObamaCare, and ObamaCare is the Affordable Care Act. We all know, of course, that there are ways to improve the ACA, but ending it is not the answer. The truth is that the ACA has largely done what it was supposed to do—expand, protect, and reduce—expand coverage, protect con-sumers, and reduce the pace of rising healthcare costs. Thanks to the ACA and Medicaid expansion, 20 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.020 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1953 March 23, 2017 
more Americans have health insurance. That is the population of the entire State of New York. Thanks to the ACA, premiums are going up at the slowest rate in half a century. Thanks to the ACA, doctors are innovating and pro-viding better preventive care, from keeping people out of the hospital to delivering healthier babies. Thanks to the ACA, insurers cannot set lifetime limits on your care, meaning your in-surance company won’t tell you in the middle of a cancer treatment that they have paid all they ever will. Thanks to the ACA, millions of underserved Americans in rural towns and in cities and everywhere in between have access to care for the first time. Thanks to the ACA, young people can stay on their parents’ insurance until they are 26. Thanks to the ACA, 55 million women have insurance that works— mammograms, checkups, and birth control with no copays. When you pick up your prescription at the pharmacy and see that the bill is zero dollars, well, that is the ACA. And thanks to the ACA, you can’t be discriminated against if you have a preexisting condi-tion, including that preexisting condi-tion called being a woman. Of course, navigating the healthcare system is still daunting, but things are better. There are now some rules of the road to keep insurance companies from taking advantage of you during some of life’s most vulnerable moments. Be-cause of the ACA, because of ObamaCare, you can sleep a little easi-er at night and know that your care will be there when you need it. Let’s fast-forward to today. Today, we mark the seventh anniversary of this historic life-changing law. But all that it covers and protects could also be ripped away, and that is because of the American Health Care Act, the Re-publican healthcare plan on the House side. That is what it will do—rip it all away. They have done their best to mislead folks about their plan. They have criti-cized objective news reports, and they even questioned the Congressional Budget Office—which, as we know, is, by the way, a nonpartisan, independent office which crunched the numbers and found that this new plan would cause millions of Americans to lose insur-ance coverage. Before we leap on to this new bill, let’s all ask some key questions. Let’s all take a good look at what this plan really would and would not do. First, will this bill provide insurance for everybody, as President Trump promised? Well, the answer is no. In fact, the independent Congressional Budget Office says that under the GOP plan, 24 million Americans will lose their health insurance by the end of the decade. That is equal to the popu-lation of 15 States combined. Who are these people? These are mid-dle-class families, our Nation’s teach-ers, veterans, truckdrivers, nurses, and farmers. These families include those who struggle with opioid addiction, have a child that needs support for au-tism, or have an aging parent who needs a nursing home. This bill threat-ens them all. Let’s ask: Will the plan help the folks who need care most? The answer is no. The House Republican plan’s flat tax credits are based only on age, with no consideration of income level. So what that means is that a 40-year-old cashier making $10,000 gets the exact same amount as the 40-year-old banker mak-ing $74,000 a year. It doesn’t matter whether you live in downtown Manhat-tan or the Cleveland suburbs or rural Alaska. Let’s ask: Will monthly costs go down for low-income and middle-class families who are stretched horribly thin right now? The answer is no. Ac-cording to that same independent anal-ysis, the Republican plan will imme-diately increase American families’ premiums by 15 to 20 percent, with higher deductibles and out-of-pocket costs after that. In the next decade, a person in their fifties could see their insurance costs go up 850 percent. Their insurance costs can go up 850 per-cent. Let’s ask: What about our seniors— will their monthly costs go down? Sadly, the answer is no. The Repub-lican plan lets insurers charge seniors five times as much as other Americans, meaning that high cholesterol your doctor diagnosed could cost you $3,200 more a month. Let’s ask: Will all women still have access to affordable family planning? The answer is no. This new bill will give Americans choice in healthcare, but the women of America will not have choice. The bill denies women tax credits if they get a plan that covers abortions. It prohibits Planned Parent-hood from providing care for millions on Medicaid. Some 2.5 million patients choose Planned Parenthood every year, including roughly 1 million in Cali-fornia. They should be able to see the provider they choose and trust. Let’s ask: Will this new plan protect Medicaid, as President Trump prom-ised? Well, the answer is no. Medicaid covers many people whose jobs don’t offer healthcare, and it also pays for half of all the births in this Nation. It supports people with disabilities and children with special needs. Most peo-ple don’t realize that Medicaid is the primary payer for treatment of opioid addiction and substance abuse. But this new plan being offered by House Republicans would roll back Medicaid coverage and cut nearly $1 trillion in Medicaid benefits over the next decade. Let’s ask: Does the plan put Amer-ican families ahead of insurance com-panies? The answer, tragically, is no. Under this plan, if you lose your job and it takes more than 2 months to find another, you will be charged a 30- percent penalty on top of the monthly costs you are already paying. That money goes right into the insurance company’s pockets. So, by now, you are probably won-dering: Who exactly does this bill help? Well, here is your answer. It gives mil-lionaires a $50,000 average tax cut every year. It gives the top 0.1 percent in this country a $195,000 tax cut every year. It gives insurance companies a $145 billion tax break over the next decade. The President and the Speaker want you to believe that this plan is good for American families, but under their bill, the only thing that gets healthier are the insurance companies’ bottom line. As far as California is concerned, this bill would devastate our families. Here are the facts, and, frankly, here is the fight. Over 5 million Californians have received insurance through the Afford-able Care Act. I say they are worth fighting for. Since the ACA went into effect, Cali-fornia’s uninsured population has been cut almost in half, from 17 percent to about 7 percent. I say they are worth fighting for. Medi-Cal went from covering 8.5 mil-lion Americans to 13.5 million today. One in two children are covered under Medicaid. I say they are worth fighting for. The community clinics and health centers that so many Californians rely on would be cut back or closed. I say they are worth fighting for. A UC Berkeley study estimates that repealing the ACA would cost Cali-fornia up to 200,000 jobs, everyone from home healthcare aides and janitors to workers in retail, restaurants, and ac-counting. I say they are worth fighting for. I rise today to emphasize that it is really important that we understand the everyday consequences of this bill. We are talking about real people. If you are a farmer in the Central Valley on Medicaid, you can lose that cov-erage. If you are a Los Angeles senior with diabetes, you may no longer be able to afford coverage on the indi-vidual market. If you are a family in Shasta County with a child dealing with a prescription drug addiction, sub-stance abuse treatment likely will not be covered. If you are a couple in Hum-boldt County with an ailing parent, your request for home health services could be denied. These are the kinds of Californians and the kinds of Ameri-cans who this plan would hurt. When these folks wake up at 3 a.m. worrying about an ache or pain or their next chemo appointment, when they wake up with that concern and that thought at 3 a.m., I promise you, they are not thinking about that through the lens of being a Republican or a Democrat. They think about them-selves as fathers, mothers, parents, daughters and sons, and grandparents. They worry about their health needs and how their health needs will affect not only themselves but their loved ones. These concerns are not about pol-itics. These are universal concerns, and we have all been there. It is because all of us share these concerns and because all of us would be badly harmed by this new plan that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.021 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1954 March 23, 2017 
this bill is opposed by the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the American Nurses Association, the American Heart Association, the American Can-cer Society, the American Diabetes As-sociation, and the AARP. They are the most respected medical and patient ad-vocacy groups in this country, and they know what is at stake. Ultimately, I believe this bill is not just about medicine or math; I believe this is about morals. The plan that the House is voting on today is a values statement, and it is not a good one. As our former President said about the ACA, this is more than just about healthcare; it is about the character of our country, and it is about whether or not we look out for one another. I think we need to take a good, hard look in the mirror and ask: Who are we as a country? Are we a country that cuts the deficit by cutting care for our most vulnerable? Let’s look in the mirror and ask: Are we a country that gives tax breaks to insurers while giving higher medical bills to patients? Are we a country that tells seniors and cancer patients and women ‘‘You are on your own’’? Are we a country that sees healthcare as a privilege for a few or a right for all? I believe that is what we have to de-cide. The ACA is not perfect. It can be strengthened, and I am willing to work with anyone who will work in good faith to do that, but it is time to stop playing politics with public health. Our government has three main func-tions: public safety, public education, and public health. We shouldn’t be turning these responsibilities into par-tisan issues. Instead, we should be fig-uring out how to improve the lives of all Americans, whether we are Demo-crats, Republicans, or Independents. People are counting on us, people like one of my constituents in Kern County—a woman who is suffering from lung disease, who said: 
We are not asking for much . . . decent healthcare. . . . Don’t take it away. . . . Make it better. 
I say to my colleagues: Do not take away American people’s healthcare. Let’s make it better. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Under the previous order, there will now be 10 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, prior to a vote on S.J. Res. 34. The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, speaking of the vote that we will be having in just a few minutes, for the last several weeks, this Chamber has worked very hard to undo harmful rules and regulations that had been put forward by the Obama administration, at the last moment, as he was headed out the door. These are rules that hurt job creators and stifle economic growth. The FCC privacy rules are just an-other example of burdensome rules that hurt more than they help and serve as another example of the gov-ernment’s picking winners and losers. They unnecessarily target internet service providers and, ultimately, make our internet ecosystem less effi-cient by adding more redtape. The bottom line is that the FCC pri-vacy rules are bad regulations that need to be repealed. I should also note that this Congres-sional Review Act vote will not change the entire online privacy protections that consumers currently enjoy, and it will not change statutory privacy pro-tections under the Communications Act. It will repeal something that was done unilaterally by President Obama and his administration, as I said, fol-lowing the ending of his term, as they were headed out the door. I thank the junior Senator from Ari-zona, Senator FLAKE , for his work on this CRA and moving it forward. I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution of disapproval. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, today, we will vote on a resolution that will take away privacy protections from the American people. By voting for this resolution, Congress is ignor-ing the fact that people want more pro-tections online, not fewer. In 2016, Pew did a study to determine the state of privacy in the United States, and the center found ‘‘Ameri-cans express a consistent lack of con-fidence about the security of everyday communication channels and the orga-nizations that control them.’’ Pew found that this is especially true when it comes to the internet. People no longer trust organizations—public or private—to protect the data they collect. Today, we are going to make that worse. That is because broadband pro-viders know our complete browsing his-tory. Think about that for a second. They know everything we do online, everything we search for on a daily basis. Think about how personal that information is, how it paints a picture of who we are. It is totally reasonable for broadband providers to have to ask customers for their consent before they take that information—our browsing history, what we do online—and sell it to a third party. That will no longer be the case after the Republicans vote for this bill and it is enacted into law. Broadband pro-viders will be able to take your brows-ing history and sell it without your permission. The FCC spent months on this rule, and by using the CRA to get rid of it, Congress is taking away the FCC’s authority to do anything like it ever again. That will mean there is no Federal agency—not the FTC, not the FCC—that will even have jurisdiction over the issue of privacy for broadband providers. What is the solution here? We should work with the private sector, the FCC, and the FTC to find a comprehensive solution together. At a time when data collection and use is increasing exponentially, Repub-licans should not be rolling back pro-tections for consumers. This is yet an-other repeal without replace. Fifty-five years ago this month, President Kennedy gave a seminal speech about consumer rights. He spoke about the march of technology— how it had outpaced old laws and regu-lations and how fast that progress had occurred. That progress is only getting faster. The next massive technological change will be the ‘‘internet of things,’’ in which we will have tens of billions of devices connected to each other and interacting with us whether we like it or not. As technology marches on, what stays the same is the bedrock principle that President Kennedy outlined, which is that consumers have a right to be safe, a right to be informed, a right to choose, and a right to be heard. Those rights are in jeopardy. The FCC took a small but important step, but the Republicans are walking it back. Let me be clear. This is the single biggest step backward in online pri-vacy in many years. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I ask unanimous consent all time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, all time is yielded back. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. Under the previous order, the joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 94 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.022 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1955 March 23, 2017 
Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Isakson Paul 
The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 34) was passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 34 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 87274 (December 2, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or ef-fect. f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pend-ing cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Israel. Mitch McConnell, Steve Daines, John Cornyn, Tom Cotton, Bob Corker, John Boozman, John Hoeven, James Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, John Bar-rasso, Lamar Alexander, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, James M. Inhofe, Mike Rounds, Bill Cassidy, Thom Tillis. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Israel shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 46, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 95 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Isakson Paul 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 46. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of David Fried-man, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Israel. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I would like to talk about U.S. support for Israel. It used to be that U.S. support for Israel was bipartisan. One of the most deeply disappointing realities in Washington today is that this support is becoming characterized as increas-ingly partisan. That is because—what happened was Republicans came out against one of President Obama’s sig-nature foreign policy achievements, the Iran nuclear deal. That opposition came in the face of consensus among national security ex-perts across the political spectrum, both here and in Israel, that this deal was good for the security of Israel. Ul-timately, what happened is, it politi-cized our foreign policy in the Middle East to the point that what would have otherwise been a bipartisan vote for a bipartisan consensus Ambassador to the country of Israel from the United States, will now be confirmed along mostly party lines. People will look at this confirmation and say: U.S. support for Israel now ex-ists largely on a partisan basis. Let’s be clear. It does not. I support every penny that goes to Israel. I think it is critical that the country maintains its qualitative military edge in the region, and I take a backseat to no one in my personal or professional passion for the United States-Israel relationship. That is why I cannot support Mr. Friedman’s nomination to be the U.S. Ambassador to Israel. He has radical views. He has made outrageous and of-fensive statements on a wide range of issues. Here is a sampling of his past com-ments. Mr. Friedman has said that the State Department is anti-Semitic. He has said that President Obama is an anti-Semite. He has said that the two- state solution solves a ‘‘nonexistent problem.’’ Mr. Friedman has called for Israeli citizens who are Arabs to be stripped of their civil rights. He has lobbed one of the worst words in Jew-ish history at large parts of the Amer-ican Jewish community, calling them ‘‘kapos,’’ which is a term for the Jews who worked for the Nazis in concentra-tion camps. These are more than just provocative statements by Mr. Fried-man; they are lies. For decades, the United States has stood firm as an honest broker of peace. We have said to both sides that they can trust us to help end this con-flict, and that is based on the principle that the United States is passionate about peace in Israel but dispassionate about how we get there. Mr. Friedman is not objective about how we get there. On the contrary, he is very pas-sionately for settlements, and he is very passionately against the two-state solution, which means he is basically against decades of bipartisan U.S. for-eign policy. Just a few months ago, the organiza-tion he led advertised that they have a new program that will train students to ‘‘successfully delegitimize the no-tion of a two-state solution.’’ This group is actively working to take the two-state solution off the table. I understand that the Senate is not fully aligned on U.S. foreign policy when it comes to Israel. I understand we have our disagreements. We may disagree on whether a two-state solu-tion is best, on where our Embassy should be located, and on how to ap-proach the peace process, but there are some things we ought to be able to agree upon: that our Ambassador to Israel should not be more involved in Israel’s politics than our own, that our Ambassador to Israel should not be so provocative that they wouldn’t even be welcome at the negotiating table, and that our Ambassador should not be the kind of person who uses language to fuel violence, hate, and instability. That means we should be able to agree that our Ambassador to Israel cannot be Mr. Friedman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.001 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1956 March 23, 2017 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting no to support U.S.-Israel rela-tions and reject Mr. Friedman’s con-firmation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, the Mid-dle East poses some of the most dif-ficult diplomatic challenges faced by our Nation. The region is troubled, un-stable, sometimes dangerous. Conflicts span over centuries. Peace throughout the region seems distant and far away. And the problematic powers, like Iran, Syria, Hezbollah, and Russia, promote their own interests in the area, some-times violently, and those interests are often contrary to ours. The United States is deeply involved throughout the region. Israel is Amer-ica’s staunchest ally in the Middle East and one of our closest friends on the world stage. The United States has had and will continue to have a special re-lationship with Israel, and our country will continue to protect and aid Israel to help secure her survival. I am a strong supporter of Israel. I believe that a qualitative military edge is necessary for the safety of Israel, and I have always voted to support military aid. I have also been a strong supporter of the two-state solution. A peaceful resolution between Israel and the Palestinian people would help heal the source of many of the insecurities facing Israel, but peace has eluded Israel and the Palestinians for decades. Mutual distrust runs deep. Tensions are high between Israel and many of its neighbors. For all these reasons, the ambas-sadorship to Israel is one of the State Department’s most important diplo-matic posts and one of the most sen-sitive. Since Israel became a nation, the post has been held by 18 of some of our most experienced, skilled, and knowledgeable diplomats. The vast ma-jority were career Foreign Service offi-cers. Many served in both Republican and Democratic administrations. All had significant international and gov-ernment experience prior to their ap-pointment. The Ambassador to Israel must be able to thread the needle between Israel and its neighbors. He or she needs to have the confidence, respect, and trust of powers throughout the re-gion. He or she must be seen as an hon-est broker and have the temperament and finesse to defuse conflict while able to stand one’s ground and have the capacity to find common interests and common ground. However, with David Friedman, the President has put forth a nominee who has no diplomatic experience whatso-ever, no government or international experience, who is known for his offen-sive statements toward Jewish groups and others with whom he disagrees, and who has repeatedly expressed ex-treme policy views—views antagonistic to any realistic peace process with the Palestinians. Mr. Friedman is not a seasoned diplomat; he is the Presi-dent’s bankruptcy lawyer. President Trump and Mr. Friedman clearly have a lot of experience with bankruptcy, but it is hard to think of a pair of per-sonalities less suited to diplomacy in a volatile region. Mr. Friedman has vocally opposed a two-state solution—a cornerstone of U.S. foreign policy for peace in the re-gion since President Ronald Reagan. He not only supports but has gener-ously funded Israeli settlements—set-tlements long considered as an obstacle to peace by the United States and deemed illegal by much of the inter-national community. Mr. Friedman’s intemperate remarks have been widely reported. He lashed out that liberal Jews ‘‘suffer a cog-nitive disconnect in identifying good and evil.’’ He said that the State De-partment has ‘‘[a] hundred-year his-tory of anti-Semitism’’ and that Presi-dent Obama is ‘‘an anti-Semite.’’ Most horrific, he said: 
J-Street supporters . . . are far worse than kapos—Jews who turned in their fellow Jews in the Nazi death camps. . . . They are just smug advocates of Israel’s destruction deliv-ered from the comfort of their secure Amer-ican sofas—it’s hard to imagine anyone worse. 
Five former U.S. Ambassadors to Israel, serving under both Democratic and Republican administrations, called Mr. Friedman ‘‘unqualified’’ to assume the role of chief diplomat to Israel. Twenty-nine Holocaust scholars ob-jected to his ‘‘kapo’’ remarks. The his-torical record shows, they said, ‘‘that kapos were Jews whom the Nazis forced, at the pain of death, to serve them in the concentration and exter-mination camps. . . . These Jews faced terrible dilemmas, but ultimately were made into unwilling tools of Nazi bru-tality. . . . To brand one’s political op-ponents, members of one’s own commu-nity, as kapos, merely for engaging in legitimate debate, is historically inde-fensible and is a deeply disturbing ex-ample of the abuse of the Holocaust and its victims for present political gain.’’ A group of Holocaust survivors called his use of ‘‘kapo’’—and I quote a group of Holocaust survivors—‘‘slanderous, insulting, irresponsible, cynical and immensely damaging to our people.’’ More than 600 rabbis wrote that his remarks were ‘‘the very antithesis of the diplomatic behavior Americans ex-pect from their ambassadors.’’ While Mr. Friedman apologized dur-ing his confirmation hearing for his abusive language, I don’t believe it erases his past behavior and suddenly qualifies him for the job. This post should be earned over time, through actions and words that dem-onstrate without question that the nominee has the right judgment, tem-perament, and skills. Mr. Friedman has not come close to demonstrating that. We should not risk confirming him to this important post. We have seen how distracting and destructive hotheaded-ness is at the seat of power. During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Friedman also walked back his posi-tions on a two-state solution and Israeli settlements, which prompted the committee chair to wryly ask him why he even wants the Ambassador po-sition if he has to ‘‘recant every single strong belief you’ve had.’’ I am a strong supporter of Israel. I want to see the State of Israel pros-perous and secure forever into the fu-ture. I believe in the right of the Pal-estinians to self-determination, to chart their own course and their des-tiny. I want to see peace between Israel and the Palestinians and between Israel and her neighbors. That is what the vast majority of Americans want. The United States has a strong na-tional interest in securing this peace. The last thing we need is another ac-tive military conflict in the Middle East, which could draw in U.S. forces. That is why over 40 years U.S. policy has held that the only realistic path to peace is through a two-state solution. The Palestinians are entitled to a homeland. A two-state solution is the only viable path forward for Israel. As Secretary Kerry said, ‘‘If the choice is one state, Israel can either be Jewish or democratic. It cannot be both.’’ Given Mr. Friedman’s past staunch support for a one-state solution and ex-pansion of Israeli settlements, is he really ready and able to embrace and put forward opposing policy positions? Can he ever be viewed by the Palestin-ians and the international community as an honest broker? I am under no illusion about how dif-ficult it will be to achieve peace be-tween Israel and the Palestinians. Many Presidents and able diplomats have tried and failed to achieve settle-ment. But the United States must con-tinue to do its best to reach an accord. Above all, we should not make the cur-rent situation worse. We need a steady hand in the Middle East. I am not convinced that Mr. Fried-man is qualified for this job, with no diplomatic experience and a history of extreme positions and intemperate lan-guage. His contrition is too little, too late. I am worried that by ignoring these huge red flags with his nomina-tion, we run the risk of a diplomatic incident that could needlessly increase risk of conflict in the region. There-fore, I must vote no on this nomina-tion. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about President Trump’s selection of David Friedman to serve as the U.S. Ambassador to Israel. Our relationship with Israel is of tre-mendous importance. We are strong al-lies, and we have a strong military, diplomatic, economic, and cultural re-lationship with the State of Israel. As a Jew, the importance of that relation-ship is something that I feel in my bones, and as a Senator, working to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.029 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1957 March 23, 2017 
make our relationship with Israel stronger is a major priority. I strongly believe that part of strengthening that relationship is doing everything we can to help make progress toward a peace-ful resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Helping to resolve that con-flict has consistently been one of the top diplomatic priorities of the United States. There are very important implica-tions in this selection for the Israeli people, the Palestinian people, the Middle East region, and even beyond. We need an Ambassador who can rise to the challenge, someone who can bring the parties together for negotia-tions and be regarded as legitimate in the eyes of all parties. Mr. Friedman is not that man. Mr. Friedman’s past conduct dem-onstrates that he lacks the tools one needs to be a good diplomat. For start-ers, diplomacy is about choosing your words carefully. It is about reasoning with those with whom you disagree. Diplomacy means not resorting to in-sults and to name-calling when you have a disagreement, which is some-thing that Mr. Friedman has done time and time and time again. In an op-ed he penned for the news-paper Arutz Sheva, Mr. Friedman called supporters of the American Jew-ish Organization J Street ‘‘far worse than kapos.’’ Now, for those who don’t share the history, I was born in 1951, and I grew up with the holocaust and the stories of the holocaust pounded into my head, and I know what ‘‘kapos’’ are. It is the term that refers to Jews who collabo-rated with the Nazis—with the Ge-stapo, the guards at the concentration camps during the holocaust. When asked to repudiate his statement on J Street, Mr. Friedman refused, and in fact doubled down, stating ‘‘They’re not Jewish, and they are not pro- Israel.’’ For those who don’t know, J Street is a pro-Israel organization dedi-cated to the two-state solution—a goal that is shared by successive U.S. ad-ministrations, both Democratic and Republican. The two-state solution is the only way to keep Israel a Jewish State and a democracy. Mr. Friedman’s smearing of our fel-low Jews—my fellow Jews, many of whom are members of J Street, this is a calumny. This should be a disquali-fier for someone seeking to represent the United States in the State of Israel. Mr. Friedman’s statement shows that he lacks understanding of history—of our history, the history of the Jewish people—it shows he is intol-erant of opposing views, and he is pro-foundly insensitive. That is probably why so many of my fellow Jews have reached out to me, have urged me to reject his nomination. Mr. Friedman’s offensive remarks don’t stop there. He regularly insults those with whom he disagrees. He even called me a clown and a moron after I pointed out the anti-Semitic stereo-types evoked in the Trump campaign’s final ad. As I told Mr. Friedman when we met in my office, I have been called a moron before—that kind of thing happens in campaigns all the time—but as I also reminded him, part of being a diplomat is being diplomatic. Now, while I have serious concerns with Mr. Friedman’s temperament, my biggest issue with this nominee is his lack of commitment to the peace proc-ess. For example, right after being nominated to serve as Ambassador, Mr. Friedman stated that he ‘‘looked for-ward to doing this from the U.S. em-bassy in Israel’s eternal capital, Jeru-salem.’’ It has been a longstanding policy of the United States to recognize Tel Aviv as the capital of Israel. This policy has been viewed by successive administra-tions as important for helping main-tain regional stability and peace with Israel and its neighbors. An abrupt change in this tradition would make it more difficult for the United States to play the role of arbiter, to achieve peace and security between the Israelis and the Palestinians. At a time when we need to reduce tensions in the re-gion, Mr. Friedman was sending the exact wrong message. What I find even more troubling is Mr. Friedman’s sup-port for settlement building. Succes-sive U.S. administrations have recog-nized that new settlements are barriers to peace. Mr. Friedman has served as president and has been actively fund-raising for the American Friends of Beit El, the nonprofit that supports the expansion of that settlement—expan-sion which is illegal under inter-national law, an expansion deep inside of Palestinian territory. How can we possibly help advance peace between the two parties with a man who believes there ought to be more settlements—one of the very things that observers on both sides of this conflict recognize as a significant obstacle to peace. The Israeli-Pales-tinian conflict has remained intrac-table for far too long, proving a hard-ship—a tragedy—for Israelis and Pal-estinians both and impacting regional and even global security. I believe—I am convinced that a just and lasting agreement between the two parties on a two-state solution, though very dif-ficult, can and must be achieved. Con-firming David Friedman as Ambas-sador of the United States to Israel will only serve to make that job more difficult, if not impossible, and in my mind would be a tragedy. I urge my colleagues to vote no on the Friedman nomination. I thank the Presiding Officer. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Senate will soon vote on the nomination of David Friedman to be U.S. Ambassador to Israel. I oppose his nomination. Mr. Friedman has made a career of derogatory and inflammatory state-ments about U.S. policy in the Middle East, about former U.S. officials, about the Palestinians, and about American Jews who have views that differ from his own. He has written falsely that President Obama and Secretary Kerry engaged in ‘‘blatant anti-Semitism,’’ that liberal American Jews are ‘‘far worse than kapos,’’ and that they ‘‘suffer a cog-nitive disconnect in identifying good and evil.’’ He has accused the State Department of a ‘‘hundred-year history of anti- Semitism,’’ apparently because dip-lomats in both Republican and Demo-cratic administrations have not always agreed with the actions of some of Israel’s leaders. Those comments alone should dis-qualify him for this sensitive position. Mr. Friedman has also raised mil-lions of dollars for Israeli settlers and bragged about leading the effort to re-move the two-state solution from the Republican Party’s platform. Regarding the two-state solution, he wrote that it is ‘‘an illusion that serves the worst intentions of both the United States and the Palestinian Arabs.’’ That renunciation of longstanding U.S. policy should also, by itself, disqualify him for the job of Ambassador to Israel. Mr. Friedman is certainly entitled to his own views as a private citizen, even if they are offensive and counter to U.S. interests and values. But can any-one honestly say that this nominee is qualified or suited to represent the American people in Israel? Five former U.S. Ambassadors to Israel, who served under Republican and Democratic Presidents going back as far as President Reagan, say the an-swer is no. An alliance as longstanding as ours with Israel, which has far-reaching consequences for the entire Middle East, requires effective daily manage-ment by an experienced diplomat who not only has knowledge of the region but the temperament and appreciation of our short- and long-term interests. I do not see how anyone could con-clude that Mr. Friedman possesses the requisite temperament or objectivity. The record is devoid of evidence that he appreciates the critical distinction between the interests of the United States and the parochial interests of an extreme constituency in Israel that he has fiercely advocated for over the course of his long career. Mr. Friedman’s confirmation hearing provided him the opportunity to as-suage concerns about his divisiveness, including the many disparaging re-marks he has made and his close iden-tification with and support for, the Israeli settler movement. During the hearing, he disavowed his past undiplomatic statements, saying he was speaking as a private citizen. Mr. Friedman’s remarkable con-firmation conversion falls far short of convincing evidence that changing his title to ‘‘Ambassador’’ will cause him to divorce his life’s work and objec-tively serve the interests of the Amer-ican people. We all want what is best for the American people. We also share a de-sire to find a viable solution to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.031 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1958 March 23, 2017 
Israeli-Palestinian conflict that pro-tects the rights and security of both peoples. Neither goal can be achieved by pur-suing policies that further inflame ten-sions and erode the role of the United States as an honest broker for peace. There are any number of qualified Americans who could capably support that role. Mr. Friedman is not among them. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, our Ambassador to Israel is one of our most consequential diplomatic posts. Israel is our greatest friend and ally in the Middle East and one of our closest partners in the world. The bonds be-tween our peoples have been unbreak-able from Israel’s beginning. Israel is a bastion of democracy and prosperity in a violent and unstable region, where Israel faces relentless threats to its se-curity. It is imperative that our Am-bassador to Israel have an even tem-perament, the utmost of integrity, and the ability to forge unity across en-trenched divisions. I have a profound and steadfast com-mitment to Israel and to the Jewish community. That is why I am so con-cerned with David Friedman’s nomina-tion to become Ambassador to Israel. Mr. Friedman appears to have few, if any, of the qualities needed for this po-sition. He is an extraordinarily polar-izing figure who has expressed views far outside of the longstanding bipar-tisan consensus on Israel. His body of published work makes clear his ex-treme positions. Mr. Friedman has as-serted that Israel cannot trust the ma-jority of American Jews. He has ac-cused the entire State Department—an institution he now seeks to join—of anti-Semitism. He has called our coali-tion allies and partners in the fight against the Islamic State ‘‘cowards,’’ ‘‘hypocrites,’’ and ‘‘freeloaders.’’ Given his radical and divisive rhetoric, I do not believe that he is capable of forging unity at home or stability abroad. Furthermore, Mr. Friedman has writ-ten that he does not believe in a two- state solution. For decades, through Democratic and Republican adminis-trations alike, the United States and the international community have held that the two-state solution is the only way to achieve a just and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians. Mr. Friedman’s position on the two-state solution, coupled with his offensive statements, led five former U.S. Am-bassadors to Israel to urge the Senate not to confirm him. Shimon Peres, one of Israel’s great-est leaders, once said, ‘‘Our problem is not to submit to the differences but to overcome them.’’ Americans and Israelis deserve nothing less than an Ambassador who lives up to this ethos, one who seeks to strengthen Israel by advancing peace in the region. Given Mr. Friedman’s public statements, I doubt that he can be that person. For these reasons, I cannot support his nomination. Mr. FRANKEN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 2:15 p.m., the Senate vote on the Friedman nomina-tion and that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for a period of 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE  
ACT 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, commonly known as ObamaCare, on its seventh anniversary of being signed into law by our pre-vious President, Barack Obama. Looking back at what has happened to healthcare over the past 7 years, there isn’t a whole lot of good news to report. Since that time, Americans have been hit with hundreds of billions in new taxes, healthcare costs have risen exponentially, and families have struggled with fewer options and re-duced access to healthcare services. Just in the last year, healthcare pre-miums have gone up 25 percent for the typical ObamaCare plan. That number is even higher in my home State of South Dakota where premiums have increased 37 percent. ObamaCare has also driven health insurance companies to completely leave the marketplace, leaving Americans with fewer insur-ance options. Again, I will use my own State as an example. Under ObamaCare, the number of companies offering insurance in the individual market in South Dakota has dropped from 13 to a mere 2 today. While this is unfortunate, we are better off than folks in Alaska, Alabama, Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Wyoming, all of whom have no options at all, as only one insurer offers plans in those ex-changes. This is also the case for more than 1,000 counties across the Nation, basically one-third of all the counties in total. As a result of these skyrocketing costs and reduced options, the number of Americans enrolling in ObamaCare continues to drop dramatically. Projec-tions continue to be millions fewer than predicted. Between 2016 and 2017, nearly a half-million fewer Americans signed up for the exchange. All of this has barely moved the number of unin-sured South Dakotans between 2010, when ObamaCare was enacted, and today. So the health insurance market was crippled, premiums have sky-rocketed for hard-working families, and our economy has suffered tremen-dously under the ACA, only to have the same number of insured and uninsured individuals in my home State as before we started. Nationwide, Americans are rejecting ObamaCare in record numbers. We saw this rejection of ObamaCare repeatedly over the past 7 years, when the Amer-ican people elected into office can-didates who at least in part ran on the platform of repealing ObamaCare. ObamaCare’s higher taxes, fees, and penalties on businesses and investors have also taken a toll. Meanwhile, con-sumers who are facing higher pre-miums and deductibles have less to spend on goods and services. With one- sixth of our economy tied to healthcare, this has been detrimental to growth and to opportunity. It has also been easy to see how the healthcare industry has rejected ObamaCare over the past 7 years, with many insurers pulling out of the mar-ket and in other places the markets collapsing altogether. This limits com-petition and leaves little room in the healthcare industry, which is why ObamaCare is failing to control the cost of healthcare in our country. Cost control is a crucial component in pro-viding truly affordable healthcare, and that begins with the elimination of ObamaCare’s added bureaucracy and paperwork. We must get government out of the way and allow competitive markets to work once again, and that is what we are seeking to do with ObamaCare’s replacement, which is ex-pected to receive a vote in the House later today. Since we started the process of re-pealing and replacing ObamaCare, my office has received a number of calls and emails from South Dakotans who have expressed concerns. I want to make it clear to them and to all Amer-icans that during the period in which we transition away from ObamaCare and toward a more affordable, competi-tive system, we understand that the continuation of coverage is an essen-tial component. We plan to include a number of items that are very impor-tant to the American public: guaran-teed renewal of coverage, portability of coverage for those who change jobs or leave the workforce by retiring, and a ban on lifetime limits, because if you bought insurance, you shouldn’t run out of insurance. The provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act which were in-cluded in ObamaCare should be in-cluded in our plans. There should be no exclusions on preexisting conditions if one maintains insurance from policy to policy, without lapses, and we should include provisions to allow children to remain on their families’ plans until they are at least the age of 26. We understand that there is a way to retain all of these positive provisions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.006 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1959 March 23, 2017 
which are vital to ensuring continued health insurance coverage for all American families who want it, while also providing a fair and open market-place that provides a strong, healthy, competitive market. This, in turn, will bring affordable, efficient health insur-ance with innovative products that will actually help to control the cost of care. That is what the GOP alter-native, while still far from perfect, is seeking to do. One thing we do know is that the end result will be better than ObamaCare. As a father and a grandfather, I un-derstand how important it is to have access to affordable healthcare. No one should be priced out of healthcare cov-erage for one’s family. But our current system is simply not working. After 7 years of ObamaCare, the American peo-ple are dealing with higher healthcare premiums, fewer options, more taxes, and reduced access to care. Health pro-viders are struggling with more bu-reaucracy, with more time spent filling out paperwork instead of caring for pa-tients, and being frustrated by ObamaCare’s crippling new regula-tions. As I have said from time to time, ObamaCare is a rapidly sinking ship, and there is simply no hope for a recov-ery. On its seventh anniversary, it is hurting more people than it is helping, and it must be repealed and replaced before it totally crumbles under its own weight. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to com-ment on the nomination of Mr. Fried-man to be the U.S. Ambassador to Israel. Shortly, we will be having that vote. I consider the U.S.-Israel relationship to be a strategic anchor for the United States in the Middle East and one of our most important relationships with any country. Since the creation of the State of Israel, support for this rela-tionship has been bipartisan, bi-cameral, and supported by successive U.S. administrations. This bilateral re-lationship is also sustained by the deep bonds of friendship between the people of our two countries. This relationship has benefited Israel and has benefited the United States. Given the range of strategic chal-lenges across the globe that our coun-try faces and the unprecedented insta-bility and violence embroiled in the Middle East today, it is critical that we take steps to unify support for the U.S.-Israel relationship across the po-litical spectrum. Thus, I believe it is vital that the U.S. Ambassador to Israel be seen as a unifying figure in this enduring relationship. I really do believe that there is broad understanding and support in the Sen-ate and the House for the special rela-tionship between the United States and Israel—Israel, the only true democracy in the Middle East, a country that we can rely on for important intelligence information and that has an economy which is similar to ours. It is a country that has enjoyed a special relationship with the United States since 1948, when Harry Truman recognized Israel after the historic vote at the United Na-tions. Following extensive consideration of Mr. Friedman’s record and taking into account his statements during his nomination hearing, I have concluded that his past record would make it very difficult for him to serve as that unifying force. For that reason, I am unable to support his nomination as America’s top diplomat in Israel. I appreciate Mr. Friedman’s efforts before the committee to express regret for his substantial record of divisive, inflammatory, and offensive state-ments. Unfortunately, I believe the body of Mr. Friedman’s published works, not to mention his public state-ments, will compromise his effective-ness in representing the United States and all Americans, as well as the Gov-ernment of Israel and all Israelis. Taken together, Mr. Friedman’s statements and affiliations make it clear that he does not believe a two- state solution is necessary for a just and lasting peace. I am concerned that Mr. Friedman’s history on this issue, in which he calls the two-state solution a scam, will undermine his ability to represent the United States as a cred-ible facilitator of the peace process. There is simply no realistic, sustain-able prospect for lasting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians other than as two states, living side by side, with security. I thank Chairman C
ORKER for the manner in which this nomination was handled before the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee. I think we had ample opportunity, and I thank Chair-man C
ORKER for that, but I do urge my colleagues to reject this nominee. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate, notwithstanding the previous order, move to the rollcall vote now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Friedman nom-ination? Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. ISAKSON ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 96 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Isakson Paul 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
PROTOCOL TO THE NORTH ATLAN-TIC TREATY OF 1949 ON THE AC-CESSION OF MONTENEGRO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1, treaty docu-ment No. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Acces-sion of Montenegro. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The trea-ty will be stated. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Treaty document No. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Ac-cession of Montenegro. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.036 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1960 March 23, 2017 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Trea-ties Calendar No. 1, treaty document No. 114– 12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro. Mitch McConnell, Cory Gardner, Steve Daines, John Barrasso, Joni Ernst, Bob Corker, John Cornyn, Lindsey Graham, Jeff Flake, James M. Inhofe, Roy Blunt, David Perdue, John McCain, Pat Roberts, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, Mike Rounds. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of Senators, we will have the cloture vote on this treaty on Monday night at 5:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. (The remarks of Mr. M
ARKEY per-taining to the introduction of S. 708 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Connecticut. 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, at this hour, we still don’t know what the House of Representatives is going to do. They are amending and changing and modifying the reform of one-sixth of America’s economy under the cover of darkness, trying to secure the votes necessary to fulfill a political promise. We await their decision as to how much havoc they wreak. I wanted to come down to the floor today to address for a moment the ex-ceptional process that is occurring right now, as we speak, in the House of Representatives and to talk about one of the reported changes they are con-sidering before sending the product over to the Senate. Just to review for a minute, Speaker R
YANlikes to talk about his approach to healthcare as a three-pronged ap-proach. Well, the Congressional Budget Office, headed by a gentleman hand-picked by the Republican House con-ference, agrees that it is a three- pronged approach; they just have a lit-tle bit different interpretation of those three prongs. First, they say higher costs—15 to 20 percent spikes in premiums for every-body right off the bat and then dra-matically higher costs, especially for older people, sicker people, and poorer people. If you are young and if you are relatively affluent and healthy, you may make out a little bit better under this proposal, but if you are not in that category, you are going to pay a lot higher costs and get less care. This is the headline from the CBO re-port: 24 million people lose health cov-erage. That is catastrophic. That is the total population of 17 U.S. States. We just kick them off health insurance without anywhere to go other than our emergency rooms. Remember, all of this is in order to finance a giant tax cut for the rich. I had a chart up here yesterday that showed that in this bill, if you make zero to $200,000, you get no tax cut, but if you make over $200,000, you get a nice, healthy tax cut. It could be up to $7 million on average for some of the wealthiest taxpayers. So there will be higher costs for everybody, except for maybe a very small slice of the popu-lation, but with less care. I mean, it is a nightmare when it comes to the num-ber of people who lose care under this bill, all in order to finance tax cuts for the wealthy. That is the background on what TrumpCare is and what the American Health Care Act is. People hate it. I mean, people hate it. There is a new poll out by Quinnipiac University that shows stunning numbers. The approval numbers for this bill are under 20 per-cent. Republicans kicked the living you know what out of the Affordable Care Act, and they never got its approval ratings down to under 20 percent, as has happened to the American Health Care Act in its third week of existence. That is pretty impressive, for 18 per-cent of Americans to approve of a bill that has only been out there for a few weeks. And it is not because they don’t know anything about it; over 50 per-cent of Americans don’t like it, 18 per-cent support it, and 56 percent don’t support it. Across demographic groups, across age groups, everybody hates this thing because they get it. They are not dumb. They know that this is taking healthcare from them and passing along higher costs to them in order to finance a tax cut for the rich. It is pretty simple. People really didn’t need a lot of time to understand it. Republicans in the House know that as this thing hangs out there, it is get-ting less popular. It is hard to get less popular than 18 percent. Those are tough numbers to do worse than. The reason Republicans are racing this bill through the process is because they know how deeply unpopular it is be-cause they know it is a scam. They know it is essentially just taking healthcare from Americans and forcing them to pay more in order to finance a tax cut for the rich. What is happening today in the House is they are blowing up their rules in order to push a bill through that no one will have looked at. It is possible that they are going to file a gi-gantic reform to the entire American healthcare system and then call a vote on it within hours. Come on. In 2009 and 2010, Republicans were blistering critics of Democrats, who they said were forcing the Affordable Care Act through the process too quickly. But in 2009 and 2010, the House held 79 bipartisan hearings and mark-ups on the health reform bill over the period of an entire year. House Mem-bers spent nearly 100 hours in hearings, heard from 181 witnesses from both sides of the aisle, considered 239 amendments, and accepted 121 amend-ments. This bill was introduced 2 weeks ago. The first time the American public ever looked at it was 2 weeks ago, and the House is rushing it through today. Two weeks. Fourteen days. Twenty days. Not a year. Not 79 hearings. Not 100 hours of hearings. And we are talk-ing about bringing it up before the Sen-ate for a vote next week, with 20 hours of debate on a reordering of one-sixth of the American economy. It is really extraordinary how this bill is getting jammed through the process because Republicans know that every day it hangs out there, more peo-ple figure out what it is—a massive transfer of wealth from regular, ordi-nary Americans, through less care and higher costs, to the very rich and also insurance companies and drug compa-nies, which get a big tax cut. On today’s modification of the bill, the talk today is that in order to make the bill a little bit meaner and a little bit crueler, the House is going to re-move from the underlying law the re-quirement that insurance companies cover a basic set of what are called es-sential benefits. This change is being demanded by the very, very conserv-ative wing of the House Republican conference. They call themselves the Freedom Caucus. This is a group of sort of the most radical Members in the House of Representatives. They are demanding that these essential healthcare benefits be stripped out of the law in order to get their votes. Let’s talk about what these essential healthcare benefits are. Basically the law now says that if you are offering an insurance plan and you want to call it health insurance, then you have to ac-tually offer to cover healthcare. So the essential healthcare benefits—what every plan today has to offer in order to be able to call itself insurance in this country—are ambulatory patient care, which means outpatient care, emergency care, hospitalizations; preg-nancy, maternity, and newborn care; mental health and substance abuse care; prescription drugs; rehabilitation if you get injured; lab services; tests; chronic disease management—manage-ment for diabetes or heart and liver conditions; and pediatric services, serv-ices for kids. That is it. Those are the essential healthcare benefits. Frankly, if you are buying a health insurance plan, wouldn’t you expect that it would cover your emergency care if you were to go to an emergency room? If you are buying healthcare in this country, what good is it if it doesn’t cover a hospitalization when you get very sick? If you are buying an insurance plan in this country, don’t you think it is going to cover your kids when they need basic pediatric serv-ices? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.038 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1961 March 23, 2017 
So what is happening now is some-thing different from healthcare reform in the House of Representatives. What is happening now is a radical rethink of what healthcare insurance is. If all of a sudden health insurers don’t need to cover the cost of your hospitalizations, don’t need to cover mental illness at all, don’t need to cover addiction cov-erage at all, then is it really insurance any longer? If it is not covering that list of things, what is it covering? CBO has an answer for this. CBO says that if there is an insurance plan that doesn’t cover this list of benefits, they won’t count it as insurance. So when they are giving you the numbers of people who will have insurance or not have insurance after this bill, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office says: We don’t really count it as insur-ance if it doesn’t cover basic stuff, such as hospitalizations, outpatient serv-ices, prescription drugs, and pediatric services. So what is happening now in the House of Representatives is really a radical rethink of healthcare insur-ance. Under the law they are contem-plating passing, healthcare insurance wouldn’t need to cover anything. You could buy an insurance plan, pay your premium, and then be told that it doesn’t cover your kid when he gets di-agnosed with schizophrenia, that it doesn’t cover your daughter when she gets in an accident and has to go to the emergency room, that it doesn’t cover your spouse when they get really sick and are hospitalized for 3 days. What kind of coverage would that be any longer if it didn’t cover that list of things? Let’s be honest. This would be a mas-sive transfer of cost to individuals. The No. 1 prong of TrumpCare is higher costs. If insurance companies don’t need to cover any of these things any-more but you still have to buy them, then it is just a massive shift of costs to individuals because, remember, TrumpCare penalizes you if you don’t buy insurance. The Affordable Care Act did the same thing, admittedly. The Affordable Care Act said: If you don’t buy insurance, you are going to pay a penalty. But that is why the Affordable Care Act said that insurance has to really be in-surance. It has to cover stuff because if we are going to require you to buy it or we are going to penalize you if you don’t buy it, then insurance should really be insurance. Well, TrumpCare penalizes you if you don’t buy insurance. You would pay a massive penalty. For a lot of people, the penalty could be $5,000 if they don’t buy insurance. But now the change they are considering in the House of Representatives means the insurance product you will be forced to buy won’t cover diddly. By the way, when your insurance company doesn’t cover it and you have to pick up the cost, it is going to cost you way more money. Everybody has probably seen a bill from a hospital. Let’s say you had to go in and get a colonoscopy. You get your bill, and you always sort of scratch your head be-cause you see two numbers—you see the number the hospital bills and then you see the number your insurance company pays. Often, the number the insurance company pays is like one- third of what that hospital billed. Why is that? It is because the insurance company is negotiating with the hos-pital on behalf of thousands of pa-tients, so they get that price way, way down. The insurance company only pays a fraction of the cost that is billed. If you don’t have insurance cov-erage for it, if all of a sudden it is not a benefit in your plan because the American Health Care Act told insur-ance companies they didn’t have to cover a hospitalization, then you will pay that higher price. You don’t get the insurance company discount. You will pay that higher number. That is going to bankrupt people. The families in my State, when their child gets hooked on heroin, they are going to find a way to pay for that care so that their child doesn’t become an-other statistic, another one of the 900 who died in my State last year from overdoses. They are going to do every-thing possible to get that child care for that addiction. They will mortgage their house, they will sell their house, they will drain their savings account, they will sell off every possession they have to make sure their child does not die from an overdose and so that child gets the care they need. If their insur-ance company won’t cover it, then they will do everything necessary to cover it, and you will have a rapid increase in the number of people whose lives are ruined, who go bankrupt because of their medical costs—something that doesn’t happen right now because the Affordable Care Act gives you real sub-sidies to afford care. It gives you real help to be able to buy insurance, and it requires that insurance companies ac-tually provide you with insurance. This is an extraordinary thing that is happening in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives right now. Nobody likes this bill. Healthcare experts think it is a joke. The American public has round-ly rejected it. It is getting meaner and crueler every day in order to round up the votes necessary to get it passed. Why? Because this bill is not about solving any problem in the healthcare system. It doesn’t solve a single prob-lem. Again, except for this narrow group of younger, healthier, affluent people whose premiums will be a little bit less, everybody else is worse off. It only solves one problem, a political problem—the promise that the Repub-licans made to repeal the Affordable Care Act. But they didn’t spend any time thinking about how to actually do it. So they are stuck now with an awful bill that nobody likes, that doesn’t solve a single problem, and that is get-ting meaner and meaner every single day. It was bad enough, and now this bill is frankly getting into some really rad-ical territory—talking about totally rethinking insurance and letting insur-ance companies offer you a product that covers nothing and then it re-quires you to buy it. Think about that. We are going to require you to buy in-surance, but the insurance isn’t going to cover anything. TrumpCare, the American Health Care Act—whatever you want to call it—has three prongs: higher costs, less care, and tax cuts for the rich. We will have an opportunity here in the Senate to get this right. As to the House of Representatives, I don’t know if they are going to pass this. I don’t know if it is going to fall apart. But we will have a chance to get this right. Republicans and Democrats coming to-gether, we can admit together that there are still a lot of things that are wrong in our healthcare system. In the Affordable Care Act, there are some good parts of it, but other parts need improvement. We can come to-gether and decide to tackle this prob-lem—the high drug costs, whatever it may be—together and reject this par-tisan, rushed approach in the House of Representatives. It does nothing except give us higher costs and less care in order to finance tax cuts for the wealthy. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the deep and growing concerns about Russia’s interference in the United States’ 2016 Presidential election and the implications of Rus-sia’s broader malign activities for our national security. On Monday, we learned from FBI Di-rector Comey that there is an inves-tigation into Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential election and whether associates of then-candidate and now-President Donald Trump were communicating with Moscow. It is ab-solutely essential that Congress and the American people get clear and comprehensive answers on, first, what happened; second, what are Russia’s strategic goals and intentions for fur-ther interference in democratic proc-esses here and in Europe; and third, what we need to do to counter this threat going forward. That is why I have repeatedly called for an inde-pendent, transparent, special counsel to investigate the legal aspects of Rus-sian efforts to influence our election and a bipartisan select committee within the Senate to look at all aspects of Russia’s destabilizing activities here and around the world. I am concerned that the politicization of the issue of Russia’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.045 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1962 March 23, 2017 
interference in our elections and its hostile actions against Western insti-tutions and values is diverting our at-tention from what otherwise should be recognized as a clear and potent threat to America’s security. We need to focus on what is critical: Russia is attacking American democracy as part of an even broader assault on our cornerstone NATO alliance and the post-Cold War international order. The threat posed by Russia’s actions is not merely ‘‘fake news,’’ as serious as that phenomenon may be, but a very real, very strategic threat to U.S. in-terests. Russia is testing America and the transatlantic community across multiple fronts. Today, I will highlight just how broad and fundamental this threat from Russia really is. What should be clear to everyone is that last year Russia engaged in a sys-tematic and strategic effort to influ-ence the U.S. Presidential election. While we do not know all the details of Russia’s involvement, we know that in January the U.S. intelligence commu-nity—including the CIA, the FBI, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, or the ODNI—issued its assessment that Russia engaged in bold and unprecedented efforts to influence and undermine trust in the U.S. Presi-dential election. Among the January intelligence re-port’s findings were the following: first, that President Putin, in their words, ‘‘ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election.’’ The intelligence community also found that ‘‘Russia’s goals were to un-dermine public faith in the U.S. demo-cratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency.’’ The report further found that Rus-sia’s influence campaign was multi-faceted and included covert intel-ligence operations such as cyber espio-nage against U.S. political organiza-tions like the Republican National Committee and the Democratic Na-tional Committee. It combined the re-lease of hacked information with overt propaganda efforts through Russian government agencies, state-funded media, third-party intermediaries, and paid social media actors, or, as they are referred to, trolls. Another key finding was that Rus-sia’s influence efforts in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election reflect—in the words of the intelligence community— ‘‘a significant escalation’’ compared to previous information operations. The intelligence community also warned that these Russian activities, including ‘‘cyber-enabled disclosure op-erations’’ likely represent a ‘‘New Nor-mal’’ in Russian conduct toward the United States and our allies and part-ners. The intelligence community further assessed that Russia will use the les-sons learned from the 2016 U.S. Presi-dential election to influence future elections in the United States and overseas. We do not have to look very far for evidence supporting this conclu-sion. Russia is alleged to have targeted an April 2016 referendum in the Nether-lands on a partnership agreement be-tween the European Union and Ukraine, which was overwhelmingly re-jected by Dutch voters. This year, Rus-sia is openly intervening in France’s Presidential election to be held in April. For example, Russia has loaned tens of millions of dollars to the far- right National Front Party in France, whose leader, Marine Le Pen, has de-fended Russia’s annexation of Crimea and criticized international sanctions against Russia. Germany, which holds parliamentary elections in September, has also been targeted by Russian hackers and trolls—straight out of the Kremlin playbook we saw used here last year. Russia is attempting to steadily erode the integrity and western orientation of multiple Eastern European countries through a variety of state and state- controlled or state-influenced activi-ties. These coordinated and focused Russian operations threaten to under-mine the European cohesion which un-derpins the post-Cold War inter-national order. This pattern of Russian interference will only intensify with time if it goes unchallenged. Russia’s malign activities also threaten our core security relation-ships with our transatlantic allies and partners. The NATO alliance has been the bedrock of our security relation-ship with our European allies. Since the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s, countries in Central and Eastern Europe have aspired to integrate more closely with the West, whether mili-tarily through NATO membership or economically within the European Union, or both. But President Putin re-jects the post-Cold War international order and seeks to reestablish a Rus-sian sphere of influence over his imme-diate neighbors by weakening democ-racy, collective security, and economic cooperation across the region. In pursuit of this strategic goal, Putin has demonstrated a willingness to use all tools at his disposal, includ-ing cyber hacking, disinformation, propaganda, economic leverage, cor-ruption, and even military force, to violate the sovereignty of Russia’s neighbors and undermine support for their further integration into Europe. Since 2008, in neighboring Georgia, Russia has occupied two regions and recognized their independence, which the international community widely condemns as a violation of Georgia’s territorial integrity. Georgia’s aspira-tions since the 2008 Bucharest Summit to join the NATO Alliance have been on hold. In Ukraine, Russia’s illegal annex-ation of Crimea and its continuing sup-port to Russian-led separatists in east-ern Ukraine are part of Putin’s strat-egy of destabilizing the Kyiv govern-ment and blocking Ukraine’s further integration westward. Putin has re-peatedly used influence operations to hide the presence of ‘‘little green men’’ on Ukrainian soil, to spread disinformation about Ukrainian polit-ical leaders, and to influence finan-cially corrupt Ukrainian oligarchs to support Russia. Putin is also using propaganda and other activities to try to break western unity in support of the United States and EU sanctions in-tended to pressure Russia to comply with its commitments under the Minsk agreements for ending the conflict in Ukraine. It is critically important to maintain, and potentially strengthen, these sanctions to change Russia’s ag-gressive behavior and get to a peaceful political settlement to end the fighting in Ukraine. In Montenegro, it appears that Rus-sia has added political assassination as a potential weapon to block an Eastern European country from pursuing mem-bership in NATO. Last month, the Brit-ish press reported that ‘‘Russian na-tionalists’’ under the direction of Rus-sian intelligence officials plotted to as-sassinate then-Prime Minister Djukanovic during Montenegro’s elec-tions in October. According to these re-ports, Montenegrin authorities foiled the assassination attempt just hours before the plot was to be carried out. This attempted coup d’etat represents a new and dangerous level of inter-ference by Russia to discourage Monte-negro and others from further inte-grating with the West. As some of my colleagues have read in the February 14th New York Times article, Russia has fielded a missile system that violates the Intermediate- Range Nuclear Forces, or INF, Trea-ty—a ground-launched intermediate- range nuclear missile that threatens all of NATO. The INF Treaty was signed by President Reagan and Mi-khail Gorbachev in 1987. This landmark treaty dramatically reduced Cold War nuclear tensions by eliminating an en-tire class of ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles that could have struck Moscow or Berlin in less than 10 minutes. Now Russia has moved nuclear-capa-ble, short-range, ground-launched Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad, a Russian enclave between Poland and Lithuania. The Iskander missile’s range threatens German borders— something not seen since the 1980s. The Iskander deployment runs counter to a detente that has been in place since 1989, when President Bush reduced U.S. conventional forces in Europe—and Russia did the same—in order to re-lieve destabilizing tension in the re-gion and lessen the risk of escalation or miscalculation. Furthermore, Rus-sian aggression goes beyond the viola-tions of the INF Treaty and the Iskander missile. During the 2014 invasion of Crimea, Russia practiced snap nuclear exercises to test the readiness of its Armed Forces to send a signal that there was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.047 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1963 March 23, 2017 
a nuclear backstop to the invasion. More disturbingly, by invading Ukraine, Russia violated the Budapest Memorandum, a multilateral commit-ment in which Ukraine and three other former Soviet states pledged to trans-fer to Russia the nuclear weapons they retained after the collapse of the So-viet Union in return for Russian rec-ognition of their sovereignty. Besides unilaterally reneging on its Budapest commitments, in 2014 Russia has pulled out of the DOD and DOE— Department of Defense and Depart-ment of Energy—Cooperative Threat Reduction Programs, which secured nuclear materials at storage sites and national borders. Russia has some of the largest stockpiles of nuclear mate-rials in the world that are vulnerable to insider threats. In 2016, Russia sus-pended its participation in the agree-ment with the United States to convert 34 metric tons of weapons-grade pluto-nium for use as fuel for reactors. Since the very beginning of the Cold War, nonproliferation and arms control agreements between Russia and the United States have always received a high priority from both countries, re-gardless of how relations in other areas went up or down. Russia’s recent ac-tions call into question whether this can continue. Russian actions in Syria pose a fur-ther challenge to stability in the Mid-dle East and the broader international community. Russia’s military oper-ations to prop up the murderous Assad regime belies Moscow’s claim that it intervened to fight violent extremists, including ISIS and al-Qaida. Russia has provided significant political, eco-nomic, and military support to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, even as he has slaughtered tens of thousands of Syrian civilians and used chemical weapons against his own people. Russia has repeatedly exercised its veto power in the U.N. Security Council on behalf of the Syrian regime in defiance of international standards and U.S.-led peace efforts, and, just last month, Russia vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution seeking to punish Syria for using chemical weapons. For all of these reasons, we must rec-ognize that Russia’s alarming inter-ference in our election is only one as-pect of a much broader and dangerous threat to our core national security in-terests. Russia’s malign behavior needs to be investigated fully and in a man-ner that is free of political consider-ations. We need answers to key ques-tions, including: What are Russia’s overall strategic security goals, and how do Russian in-fluence activities in Europe and the United States advance those goals? What are the tools of Russia’s influ-ence? How has Russia used, or con-tinues to use, those tools in influencing campaigns in Europe? How do Russian activities in Europe compare to what was evident in the U.S. Presidential elections last year? How has Russia used influence activi-ties in concert with other unconven-tional warfare tactics and operational activities—for example, to support proxy forces in Ukraine and elsewhere? What is the threat these Russian in-fluence activities pose to U.S. demo-cratic institutions? To NATO? To the European Union? To the post-Cold War liberal order and value system? What are the weaknesses and vulner-abilities in the United States and Euro-pean countries that Russia is success-fully exploiting and magnifying? Finally, how can the U.S. Govern-ment counter and deter Russia’s influ-ence activities, and what capabilities, structures, and other resources are needed for these purposes? An investigation of these questions would best be conducted by an inde-pendent, transparent, outside body ap-pointed in a bipartisan manner. How-ever, if Congress cannot reach con-sensus to make that happen, then, as a ranking member on the Senate Armed Services Committee, I intend to work with the chairman to undertake the necessary effort within the committee and across the Senate. I believe we can work in a bipartisan fashion on this critical threat to our national security. I look forward to shedding light on this issue and examining what we need to do as a country to defend ourselves against and deter Russian malign influ-ence. As a final point, we are focused, of course, on what happened in 2016—and it is a topic of daily discussions and newspaper articles—but one of the most sobering factors is that we have an election in process right now for 2018. If it demonstrates the same inter-ference, Russia could have an effect on that election. Indeed, there are indica-tions that they are actually probing State election systems—the names of voters, how the States calculate and vote. Nothing has been established that would suggest they attempted to influ-ence that activity, but the simple prob-ing suggests that we have much to do to protect ourselves going forward—in-deed, as much as looking back and finding out what went on in the 2016 election. For these reasons, and many more, we have to work together, as I sug-gested and encouraged, in a bipartisan way to get at the answers—not just to look backward but to protect ourselves going forward. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TERROR ATTACK IN LONDON  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, before I begin my remarks on the Supreme Court nomination, I want to just say a word about the terrorist attack in Lon-don yesterday. I was devastated to hear that two Utahans, Kurt and Melissa Cochran, were victims in yesterday’s attack. While Melissa is recovering, I was heartbroken to hear that Kurt has since passed away from his injuries. I just want to offer our most sincere condolences to the Cochrans and en-sure that we help them in any way we can. I know all our prayers are with the victims and with their families, friends, and loved ones. NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. President, it is with great dis-appointment that I rise to address the treatment of Judge Neil Gorsuch by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Today marks the close of his con-firmation hearing, which began on Monday. This hearing was extraor-dinarily thorough, examining just about every facet of his record and his life. The nominee himself delivered an outstanding performance, enduring more than 20 hours of intense ques-tioning over 2 very long days. He dis-played an impressive command of the law and the kind of intelligence one ex-pects of someone with such stellar cre-dentials. He showed the proper under-standing of the role of a judge in our constitutional system of self-govern-ment: to apply, not make, the law. He demonstrated this crucial quality both in his affirmative answers and in the times he had appropriately refused to prejudge issues that might come before him. Throughout, his demeanor was se-rious, thoughtful, and humble. These qualities have defined his service as a judge for the last decade and will serve him well on the U.S. Supreme Court. As for my fellow Senators, many of them approached this hearing the right way, posing questions that gave us real insight into the nominee’s record and judicial philosophy. Thanks to their hard work, Judge Gorsuch has now been vetted as extensively as any nominee to come before the Senate in the whole length of my service here. I thank them for their careful work and good judgment. In particular, I want to single out my friend and colleague Senator G
RASS -
LEY. As chairman of the Judiciary Committee, he was charged with the monumental task of planning and exe-cuting the whole endeavor. He per-formed admirably, and we all owe him our sincere gratitude. He is one of the best people here, and he is totally hon-est and decent. Regretfully, I feel compelled to con-trast that responsible approach of many of my colleagues with the ac-tions of a number on the other side of the aisle. Frankly, some of the treat-ment of Judge Gorsuch has made me ill. In him, we have a man who is su-perbly qualified and who quite obvi-ously understands how his job is to say what the law is, not what he wishes it might be. In fact, I do not believe any fair examination of the whole of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.048 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1964 March 23, 2017 
record on the bench can reasonably yield any meaningful clues as to what his policy views are. He is the kind of nominee whom, in an ideal world, we should be able to confirm by universal acclamation. Yet that is not the sort of treatment we are seeing—far from it. Instead, we see a desperate campaign being waged against him to derail his nomination at all costs. This is the sort of approach that has long been ad-vocated for by many far-left activists intent on attacking in their belligerent ways and stacking the courts with ideologues committed to imposing lib-eral policies without respect for what the law and the Constitution actually command. As someone with great respect for all of my colleagues—even those with whom I often disagree—I had hoped they would resist the siren song of their activist base and give Judge Gorsuch a fair shake. Unfortunately, I see many of them falling prey to the temptations of this scorched-earth ap-proach. Whatever their motivation—be it the outcome of the Garland nomina-tion, the apparent unwillingness to ac-cept the results of the election, or the desire for judges to push their political agenda—many of them appear willing to employ tactics they used to recog-nize, rightly, as inappropriate and even dangerous. In doing so, they threaten to inflict lasting damage on the judici-ary, the Senate, and our politics more broadly. Consider their demand that Judge Gorsuch answer politically charged hypotheticals about potential future cases. For decades, nominees of both parties have refused to comply, so much so that the practice is then re-ferred to as the ‘‘Ginsburg standard,’’ after current Justice Ginsburg, and they had been quite right to do so. To offer an advisory opinion that is incon-sistent with the Constitution’s alloca-tion of powers—which give judges the authority to decide only actual cases and controversies, not offer broad advi-sory opinions—is inconsistent with the core characteristic of the judicial proc-ess, which considers issues in the par-ticular legal and factual context of an individual case and gives parties the opportunity to make their arguments in full, and it asks judges to prejudice themselves when they should be arbi-ters, raising serious due process con-cerns for future litigants who deserve a fair hearing. Having participated in 14 confirma-tion hearings for Supreme Court nomi-nees, I fully understand the temptation to ask these kinds of questions. Indeed, I have seen many Senators of both par-ties fall prey to the temptation, only to have a nominee politely respond about how it would be inappropriate to answer. It is one thing to make the occa-sional mistake of this variety and move on. I have seen it happen count-less times, but that is not what hap-pened this week. Instead, I witnessed many of my colleagues devote almost their entire half hour rounds to posing these sorts of inappropriate questions. When Judge Gorsuch responded appro-priately and explained his inability to answer—oftentimes with an extensive explanation of the rationale for doing so—he was lambasted by some of my colleagues for his refusal to engage in this dangerous practice. Worse yet, these harsh attacks came from Senators who I have seen gladly embrace the very same answer from nominees in the past. What they once demanded, they now reject. What they once avoided, they now embrace. Sim-ply put, it is hard not to interpret their attacks as hypocrisy of the highest order. This is a completely illegitimate line of attack on Judge Gorsuch, and it should be repudiated forcefully. Consider also the way in which some of my colleagues misrepresented Judge Gorsuch’s record. It involved just a few simple steps. First, cherry-pick one of the judge’s opinions in which a sympa-thetic victim lost; next, gloss over the legal issues at hand that mandated the outcome Judge Gorsuch reached; then, fail to mention how he was often joined in these opinions by his colleagues ap-pointed by Presidents Clinton and Obama; after that, fail to mention the many times Judge Gorsuch ruled in favor of litigants similar to the one who lost in the case at hand; finally, make a wild assertion and accusation about how that case shows how Judge Gorsuch is biased against ‘‘the little guy.’’ We should call these phony attacks for what they are: bogus attempts to mischaracterize his record inten-tionally. Any fair analysis of the record Judge Gorsuch has established on the bench can lead to only one conclusion: He is the type of judge who will reach the re-sult commanded by the best reading of the law, free from any political agenda. He follows his oath to do justice without respect to persons. As Judge Gorsuch himself rightfully put it, quoting Justice Scalia, ‘‘If you’re going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’re not always going to like the conclusions you reach. If you like them all the time, you’re probably doing something wrong.’’ There will always be times when the law produces a result we disagree with. That is a simple fact of life. Sometimes that is our fault for not writing the law better, but the appropriate response is to change the law, not to demand that a judge ignore the law to reach a result we like. As legislators, it is, by definition, our responsibility to change the law to produce better, more just results. If my colleagues think a law like the Reli-gious Freedom Restoration Act is pro-ducing bad results, it is their right to try to change it. They can count on me fighting tooth and nail to protect reli-gious liberty, but at least they will be doing their job as lawmakers, not shirking it and demanding that unelected judges do their dirty work, nor impugning the honor of good judges like Judge Gorsuch who refuse to ignore the law on behalf of a polit-ical agenda. In Judge Gorsuch, we have a Su-preme Court nominee as fine as I could ever imagine. He is the type of man we all should be clamoring to step into the late Justice Scalia’s big shoes. But in-stead of the best traditions of the ad-vice and consent process that many of us have tried to live up to, what is he treated to? Hypocritical attacks on the very judicial independence that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim to prize above all else, mis-leading attacks that distort his record, and now a promise to filibuster his nomination by the minority leader. My gosh, what have we come to around here? I remember when Justice Ginsburg went through with only three votes against her and not much debate, and she refused to answer any of the ques-tions that my friends on the other side were demanding of Judge Gorsuch and of other Republican judges. Frankly, I stuck up for her and felt that was the right thing for her. I have great respect for her because of the way she handled those proceedings and others as well. We didn’t do this in earlier years. It has become so radical around here and so political around here that we are be-smirching the very people who have be-come the judges in this land and are doing such a good job. This is a travesty of the highest order. Judge Gorsuch is a brilliant, de-cent man who has devoted his life to serving his country. He has done ex-actly what we want as a careful judge for more than a decade. What does he get when nominated to the highest Court in the land? He gets his name dragged through the mud. He gets bait-ed with questions we all know he can-not answer, that nobody can answer. If they are not trick questions, they are certainly improper, and then he is at-tacked for not answering. He gets his record mischaracterized and is accused of cruelty and hardness of heart. He gets the kind of treatment that leads him to regret putting his family through what ought to be a dignified process. It is time to stop this madness, stop the dishonest attacks. Instead, let’s have a debate worthy of the world’s greatest deliberative body and confirm this absolutely outstanding nominee. If my friends on the other side would treat somebody as respectable and highly prized and praised as Judge Gorsuch and treat them the way he was treated in some instances in these hearings, may we bar the door on the next nominee of this administration. That will be Armageddon, I guess, and we can’t let this body descend into that sort of catastrophe. I will insist on our nominees being people of the highest order, like Judge Gorsuch, people who will make us all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.051 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1965 March 23, 2017 
proud, people who will respect both sides but who will enforce the law, and people who, when it becomes time to change the law, can properly make that decision and have the guts to do it. There aren’t many cases that have to be changed, however. All I can say is there are some that both sides wish would be changed, and on both sides. All I can say is this: I hope our col-leagues will treat this President’s nominees with greater respect. I have always tried to treat their nominees with great respect, and I helped get them through. Justice Ginsburg had only three votes against her, if I recall correctly. It was very few votes. There are judges who are now on the bench who I couldn’t support, but I didn’t stop them from having a vote up or down. Frankly, there are judges on the Circuit Court of Appeals whom we al-lowed to come up and whom I person-ally would not have approved as a President or otherwise but who were picked properly by the Democratic President and who had enough good recommendations on their side to sit on the bench. I think that is what has made this country a great country— that we understand that there are dif-ferent points of view, not just in poli-tics, but with regard to the law itself. And all of us have to understand that and realize that when somebody’s elected President, that person, whether he or she, deserves to have fair consid-eration of the judicial nominees. It is no secret that President Obama put almost 50 percent of the Federal bench on the bench, and he had a lot of up-and-down votes on them. Yes, there were some notable differences and no-table debates, but by and large, the President got whomever he wanted. And I have to say that in the past, Re-publican Presidents generally got whomever they wanted. But in the in-tervening number of years since Roe v. Wade, we have had nothing but big problems that I think have resulted in the denigration of the bench and which should never have occurred. I hope my colleagues, all of whom I deeply admire and like, will take some of these things into consideration and treat Judge Gorsuch with the true and deliberate respect that he deserves. I hope they can bring themselves to vote for him because he is truly a wonderful man, a great father, a wonderful hus-band to his wife, a tremendous person from the West, a fly fisherman, a fellow whom every one of his law clerks deep-ly loves, and a person who, by any measure, is one of the brightest judges in the country today. I can’t really think of anybody who would be bright-er than he is or any better than he is. So Donald Trump picked one of the best people, if not the best person in America, for this job, and I hope my colleagues on the other side will recog-nize that in spite of their dislike, and sometimes even hatred, for Donald Trump, this is important. And it is im-portant that we start handling these matters with greater dignity, greater fairness. When we really do disagree, fine; let’s have a debate and battle on it, and let the chips fall where they may. But not all of these deserve to be in that category, and certainly Judge Gorsuch does not deserve to be in that category. He is an absolutely out-standing person. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
RUSSIA AND CALLING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF  
A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, sov-ereign nations across the globe are brought together by different unifying forces. It can be a shared heritage, lan-guage, religion, or outside historical forces that led to borders drawn dec-ades or centuries ago. As a nation, we are unique. We are diverse in every sense of the word, but even in these polarizing times, we are overwhelmingly unified. We are unified by our belief in democracy, free enter-prise, and economic opportunity. We are all entrusted in nurturing the ideas enshrined in our Constitution—the idea that our system of democratic govern-ment enables us to work toward a more perfect union. At a time when the promise of democracy is receding for far too many around the world, we must do everything we can to uphold our country’s free and fair elections, the foundation of our democracy. Our elections should serve as a global benchmark for the peaceful transition of power. As President Reagan said, we must be ‘‘the shining city upon the hill,’’ and we must lead by example. Our elections require a strong and steady commitment from our newly naturalized citizens; from families whose families fought in the Revolu-tionary War; from volunteers who cover 16-hour shifts to keep polling lo-cations open; from country, city, and township clerks. The preservation of free and fair elec-tions requires a strong commitment from our highest elected official in the land. As Americans, we look to the President of the United States to safe-guard our democracy from foreign ad-versaries. When we are presented with clear and mounting evidence that the Russian Government, at the personal discretion of Russian President Vladimir Putin, orchestrated a campaign to undermine this most fundamental institution and interfere in our election, we should ex-pect nothing less than a clear and forceful response from the White House that this kind of behavior is simply un-acceptable. Unfortunately, what we have seen from President Trump and the White House so far amounts to lit-tle more than confusion, evasion, and a whole lot of smoke. President Trump has spoken time and again about wanting to build clos-er ties with Russia. On the campaign trail, he frequently fawned over Putin’s strength as a leader. In 2013, he asked his Twitter followers, ‘‘Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Uni-verse Pageant in November in Mos-cow—if so, will he become my new best friend?’’ While I don’t believe that Putin at-tended the pageant, the nature of the Putin-Trump relationship remains an open question. It confuses me and quite frankly alarms me that President Trump speaks so fondly of a man who brutally cracks down on his political opponents and journalists at home while stirring up conflict and aggres-sions abroad. Make no mistake, Vladimir Putin is no friend of the United States or of the American people. Our Nation’s intel-ligence agencies agree with high con-fidence that his government orches-trated a campaign to undermine the in-tegrity of our recent election, and Putin has sought at every turn to de-stabilize the international order that has kept the American people and our allies secure for decades. Russia’s interference in our election was not an isolated incident. It is part of a broader effort to undermine the NATO alliance and weaken western de-mocracies. I heard from our French and German allies at the Munich Security Conference last month about their con-cerns that Russia will continue to en-gage in disinformation campaigns in European elections. As we aspire to be the free-market driven, democratic ‘‘city upon a hill,’’ Putin’s government works to sow chaos globally in an ef-fort to further consolidate power in his nationalist, self-enriching regime. These attempts to destabilize Rus-sia’s neighbors and rivals are not lim-ited to cyber space and computer code. These provocations involve military aircraft, ships, nuclear capable mis-siles, heavy artillery, drones, and ef-forts to redraw international borders. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I believe that the highest duty of Congress is to keep Americans safe. Russia’s dangerous and unprofessional military provocations not only place American servicemem-bers and NATO allies at risk, they en-danger civilian lives and raise the spec-ter of escalating regional conflict. Just last month, Russian aircraft flew within a few hundred feet of the USS Porter in international waters in a dangerous mock attack—an action the ship’s captain called out as ‘‘unsafe and unprofessional.’’ Last summer, while on a congres-sional delegation to meet with NATO allies, I heard directly from Estonian leaders about Russia’s blatant dis-regard for their sovereignty. Russian forces kidnapped a border guard in Es-tonian territory and sentenced him be-hind closed doors to 15 years in prison, in what a top European Union official called ‘‘a clear violation of inter-national law.’’ We have seen the Russians fly recon-naissance and fighter jets in inter-national airspace, with their tran-sponders switched off in order to avoid detection—at one point, nearly col-liding in midair with a passenger air-plane. NATO has been forced to scram-ble jets almost 800 times—let me repeat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.055 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1966 March 23, 2017 
that: 800 times—in 2016 alone, just to respond to Russia’s encroachments on NATO airspace. As the President speaks glowingly about Putin, Mr. Putin returns the favor by deploying a dangerous new cruise missile, in clear violation of the Reagan-era Intermediate-Range Nu-clear Forces Treaty. Simultaneously, a Russian spy ship has been spotted lurk-ing off the U.S. coast, trying to gather intelligence information near the Navy’s primary east coast submarine base. We are also seeing Russia undertake the largest military buildup in the Arc-tic since the end of the Cold War and at a pace faster than we ever, ever saw during the Soviet era. Russia is reopening defunct military outposts and building new ones all across the polar region. There are 13 new Russian airfields that are sched-uled to open by the end of this year. The Russian military recently staged an exercise in the Arctic region with well over 12,000 troops. As the Russians build up their forces in the Arctic, the United States is fall-ing behind. Our principal maritime force in the Arctic is the U.S. Coast Guard, but they have only one heavy icebreaker, the Polar Star, that is ca-pable of keeping Arctic shipping lanes open or conducting search and rescue missions year-round. A new icebreaker to replace the Polar Star is still a few years away. In contrast, the Russians have over 40 icebreakers in their fleet, many of them nuclear, with plans for three new icebreakers underway. At a time when we should be investing in our Arctic capabilities, the Trump administration has been considering deep cuts to the Coast Guard’s budget. Russia’s expansionist activities and military probing are not occurring in a vacuum. The numerous threats and provocations that I have outlined occur as Russia continues to wage war in eastern Ukraine in the wake of their il-legal annexation of Crimea, desta-bilizing the opportunity for the Ukrainian people to chart their own political and economic destiny. There are 10,000 people who have lost their lives in this conflict as a direct result of Russian aggression. Last year, as I traveled with my Sen-ate colleagues to Estonia, the Czech Republic, and Ukraine, I learned first-hand about the efforts in these coun-tries to strengthen their civil institu-tions and root out corruption, build lasting partnerships, and stand up to Russian provocations. While they are doing their part, they continue to look to the United States for global leader-ship. This year, U.S. troops deployed to Eastern Europe to demonstrate our ironclad commitment to our NATO al-lies, where they were welcomed with open arms. We are working with our partners in Iceland to enhance their ca-pabilities to detect and respond to a re-cent increase in Russian submarine pa-trols. I am also proud to stand with the air-men of the 127th Wing of the Michigan Air National Guard, who deployed from my State to build on their long record of successful cooperation with our partners in Latvia. When the Kremlin is threatening our allies, buzzing our Navy warships, and meddling in foreign elections, now is not the time to call into question the commitment or the resolve of the United States of America. Vladimir Putin’s world view is shaped by his time in the KGB during the Cold War. He is committed to pro-jecting Russian strength, both at home and abroad, through intimidation and aggression. Strength is what he re-spects. If Putin’s provocations are not met with a strong response, they will continue and likely escalate, putting American interests and the American people at risk. Top officials in the Trump adminis-tration have been dispatched to criss-cross Europe and reassure the world of our commitments to global security. I joined Vice President P
ENCE and Sec-retary Mattis in Germany last month for the annual Munich Security Con-ference. They spoke of America’s commit-ment to NATO and the international order, which was built from the ashes of World War II, in an apparent at-tempt to reassure our nervous allies, but our allies are not trying to under-stand the aims of the Mattis adminis-tration or the Pence administration. They are trying to determine if Presi-dent Trump will stand behind NATO and the institutions that have served as a counterweight to Russian aggres-sion for decades. The American people are also watch-ing the White House, and they deserve to know that those who serve at the highest levels of government will al-ways have America’s best interests at heart. But every week we are faced with mounting evidence that the Trump administration and the Trump campaign have ties to Russia and are working to cover up their interactions with Russian officials. Earlier this week, in testimony be-fore the House Intelligence Committee, FBI Director Comey announced that the FBI was ‘‘investigating the nature of any links between individuals asso-ciated with the Trump campaign and the Russian Government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts.’’ This bears repeating. The FBI Director has confirmed that there is an active investigation into coordination be-tween a Presidential campaign and a foreign adversary. This is just the lat-est development in a long string of dis-turbing revelations about President Trump’s associates. Ousted campaign chairman Paul Manafort has a deep web of business and political connections to Russian interests. Other campaign advisers have backed off previous claims that they never spoke with Russian offi-cials. In fact, the coverup of these interactions has already resulted in the first resignation from the Trump ad-ministration. Not long after President Obama im-posed sanctions on the Russian offi-cials and military intelligence agencies that were responsible for interfering in our election, former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn had a secret, off-the-record discussion with Russian Ambassador Kislyak, in which he dis-cussed lifting these sanctions under the incoming Trump administration. Top officials at the Justice Depart-ment clearly warned the White House that Mr. Flynn was vulnerable to Rus-sian blackmail. He resigned only after it became clear that he misled the pub-lic and the Vice President about the substance of these off-the-record con-versations. But it doesn’t just end there. The Attorney General, at best, mis-led the Judiciary Committee during his confirmation hearings about his record of contact with Russian officials. He testified under oath that he ‘‘did not have communications with the Rus-sians’’ during the campaign. When it became clear that he had actually met with the Russian Ambassador at least twice last year, including in a one-on- one meeting in the final weeks of the campaign, he was forced to recuse him-self from the Justice Department’s criminal investigation into this very, very serious issue. It has been my experience that, when people are caught covering up their meetings and contacts with someone, they usually have something to hide. If you have nothing to hide, there is no reason for a coverup. The serious national security impli-cations of the Trump administration’s potential ties with Russia cannot be overstated. This is a time when we need to make clear that Russian ag-gression will not stand. Instead, the President has attempted to distract the public through unsubstantiated al-legations about the wiretapping of Trump Tower—an allegation that has been refuted by FBI Director Comey and others. President Trump continues to double down by calling into question the motives of those who want assur-ances about integrity in our elections. Let me be clear. This is not about partisan politics. When there is so much smoke, there is probably some fire somewhere. If another country is infiltrating our government and polit-ical institutions or if Vladimir Putin has favors to cash in from officials at the highest levels of government, that is a serious problem. Russia has endangered our service-members, threatened our allies, ille-gally annexed Crimea, engaged in war crimes in their bombing of Aleppo, and actively worked to undermine our de-mocracy. These revelations are only adding more smoke to the Russia fire, and it is clear we need a special pros-ecutor to investigate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.057 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1967 March 23, 2017 
The American people expect this in-vestigation to be free from any polit-ical interference or influence or bias. We need someone to cut through the smoke and clear the air. An inde-pendent special prosecutor should be appointed to examine Russia’s cam-paign to interfere in our election as well as any association or coordination between the Trump campaign and Rus-sia. I also believe that the time has come to create an independent, nonpartisan commission to fully investigate Rus-sian interference. Earlier today, I co-sponsored legislation introduced by Senator C
ARDIN that would create such a commission and provide it with the necessary subpoena power to get the answers that the American people clearly deserve. This is not about Democrats or Re-publicans or about relitigating the 2016 election. This is about our national se-curity. This commission, modeled after the 9/11 Commission, would provide a comprehensive report on what occurred last year and make recommendations as to how we can best defend the integ-rity of future elections. This is about how we move forward together. This is about how we main-tain the independence of our govern-ment from foreign influence and instill faith in Americans that the White House is truly working for them. This is about moving past months of coverups and finally extinguishing this smoldering Russian fire or proving that all of this smoke is, truly, just a series of misunderstandings. This issue shakes the foundations of our democracy, but our Union has sur-vived harder challenges than this. At a time when the public’s trust in government is called into question, we must do everything we can to restore faith in the integrity and the impar-tiality of our institutions. Just as we, as Americans, are unified in our faith in democracy and eco-nomic opportunity, we are unified in our belief in the rule of law. Just as we must show strength abroad through our military and our alliances, we must show strength at home by rooting out corruption and protecting our democratic process. All of us—Democrats and Repub-licans, Congress and the White House, our diplomats and our military—must send a clear, unified message to au-thoritarian leaders in Moscow and ev-erywhere else that threats levied against the United States will never be tolerated and that there will be a price to pay for making them. The American people expect us to keep them safe while strengthening our Republic against enemies, both foreign and domestic. It is our duty to prove that we are up to the job. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRIBUTE TO IVORY GERHARDT CYRUS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, as my colleagues know, I have been coming to the floor week after week to recognize an Alaskan who has made a difference in his or her community. As I have said repeatedly—I am a little biased, of course—I have the honor of living in the most beautiful State in the coun-try, but it is our people who truly make it special. They are resilient, kind, and giving. And it is the next generation that is going to continue to make my State the best place in the world to live. This week I would like to introduce my colleagues to 18-year-old Ivory Gerhardt Cyrus, this week’s Alaskan of the Week. Ivory lives in Kiana, a beau-tiful, close-knit Inupiat village of less than 400 people on the banks of the Kobuk River in Northwest Alaska. Like many villages in Alaska, there are no roads in and out. People travel to Kotzebue, which is the closest hub city—it is not very much of a city but a big village—about 40 miles away by plane or snow machine, boat, or some-times dog team. That is where Ivory was raised—in Kiana—and where, against many odds, she has strived. Ivory was born with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder, which made getting through school a challenge. She was at times misunderstood, at times bullied, and many didn’t know how to deal with her properly. About 120 kids each year are diag-nosed with fetal alcohol spectrum dis-order in Alaska. When she was in mid-dle school, Ivory began committing herself to helping them by speaking out about her own experiences and by advocating the way students with be-havioral issues are treated in school. She was an advocate for them. Now she is an honor roll high school senior, graduating this spring, and along the way, she has become a State of Alaska trainer for fetal alcohol spec-trum disorder. She gave a presentation at an international conference recently on disability and diversity, and she was named one of five recipients of the 27th annual Women of Achievement and Youth Awards in Alaska. This is what I find most impressive about Ivory: She is passing a message of hope and service on to her peers. She started a group, encouraging the mem-bers of the group to do one positive thing each day. The name of the group is appropriately entitled ‘‘One Positive Thing,’’ or ‘‘OPT.’’ That message has spread throughout her community, and now villages in Kiana are remembering to do one positive thing each day for themselves, their families, and their community. Last year, she held her first OPT conference in Kiana for youth all across the region. This year, that conference—the next OPT con-ference, One Positive Thing—will be held on April 7 and 8. Ivory is an exceptional young woman. She is going to go on to do ex-ceptional things. Next fall, she plans on attending the University of Alaska Anchorage where she plans to continue to do one positive thing each day and will bring that positive attitude to the students at UAA. She is going to con-tinue to encourage others to do that as well. I congratulate her for all of her ac-complishments, for being our Alaskan of the Week, and congratulations to her parents, Jean and Tom, for the wonderful job they have done in raising this exceptional young lady. Ivory gives us all hope for the future. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNITED STATES-COSTA RICA BILATERAL RELATIONSHIP Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the productive part-nership between the United States and Costa Rica. I recently had the chance to meet with President Guillermo Solis, and I can attest that this is a bi-lateral relationship strengthened by Costa Rica’s unwavering support for democracy and human rights, com-prehensive economic relations, and a deep-rooted commitment to security and the environment. Since 1851, the United States has enjoyed formal dip-lomatic relations with Costa Rica, one of Latin America’s most enduring de-mocracies, and the close cooperation between our two countries is an exam-ple of how international engagement consistently advances U.S. national in-terests and national security. In recent years, Costa Rica has be-come one of the United States’ most strategic security partners in Central America. In 2016, in response to the challenges of increasing cocaine traf-ficking in the region, President Solis’s administration developed a security strategy that sets aggressive goals to expand its capacity to control Costa Rica’s sovereign airspace and maritime territory. Last year, Costa Rica seized more than 24,000 kilos of cocaine that were ultimately bound to the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.058 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1968 March 23, 2017 
States. Despite a difficult fiscal situa-tion, Costa Rica is projected to in-crease its investment in security by 20 percent in 2017. I commend the Obama administration’s decision to donate two Island-class cutters to the Costa Rican Coast Guard, which will greatly boost Costa Rica’s capacity to combat the narcotics trade. This also serves as a reminder of the strategic value of the State Department’s security coopera-tion at a time when the Trump admin-istration is proposing shortsighted cuts to our foreign assistance budget. Additionally, I want to call attention to Costa Rica’s collaboration with the United States in addressing the hu-manitarian challenges related to indi-viduals fleeing violence in Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras. Between 2013 and 2016, the number of migrants from these three countries who have requested asylum in Costa Rica more than quadrupled, a dramatic increase that reflects the urgency of the situa-tion in Central America. In a clear demonstration of President Solis’s leadership on these issues, Costa Rica and the United States signed an agree-ment with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, UNHCR, to establish a relocation and processing facility in Costa Rica for up to 200 at- risk migrants at a time from Guate-mala, El Salvador, and Honduras. This critical screening provides immediate protection for those most vulnerable and opens opportunities for these indi-viduals to be relocated to third coun-tries. Our joint agreement with UNHCR is but one example of U.S. and Costa Rican collaboration at multilateral fora. Costa Rica has consistently voted with the United States at the United Nations on critical issues related to Syria, North Korea, and Ukraine. In the past year, Costa Rica has also used its voice and vote at the Organization of American States to express concern about the growing challenges to de-mocracy and human rights in Ven-ezuela. Furthermore, in August 2016, Costa Rica’s commitment to human rights was on display when it became the first country to ratify the Inter-American Convention against Racism, Racial Discrimination and Related Forms of Intolerance—an important step toward a more just and egalitarian society within the Americas. The convention reinforces international standards on all forms of discrimination, reaffirms the commitment of member states of the OAS to the complete and uncondi-tional eradication of racism, and takes a step forward in the legal definition of contemporary forms of racism. As a champion of environmental stewardship, Costa Rica has made great strides to develop renewable en-ergy. Costa Rica recently set an ambi-tious carbon neutrality goal for 2021 and is well positioned to achieve this important objective. The country re-cently ran 75 days straight on renew-able power, and, with continued foreign investment and U.S. diplomatic assist-ance, Costa Rica is on its way to be-coming a carbon-neutral nation. I am hopeful that our diplomatic mission to Costa Rica will continue to support the country’s interest in being a leader in the fight against climate change. Help-ing Costa Rica realize innovations in its power sector helps foster a broader strategic partnership with an impor-tant neighbor in our hemisphere. At a moment characterized by the Trump administration’s isolationist rhetoric, it is critically important to recognize that the United States is safer when we cooperate with other countries in the region to fight the bat-tle against organized crime and illegal drug-trafficking. At the same time, Costa Rica’s cooperation with the United Nations to support orderly and lawful migration, its collaboration with its neighbors in the region, and its efforts to promote human rights re-gionally are worthy of our commenda-tion. Costa Rica is a true partner of the United States, and it is imperative that we continue to strengthen and ex-pand the cooperation between our two countries to promote more security, prosperity, and stability in Central America and across the hemisphere. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA VACHON Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Barbara Vachon, who re-tired this March after 16 years of serv-ice to the Senate. For as long as I have been in the Senate, with just a 2-month exception, Barb has served as my exec-utive assistant and my right hand. Barb’s service to the Senate began in 2001, when her friend Trecia called and offered her a temporary position in Senator Jim Jeffords’ office. In New Hampshire at the time, Barb decided she would take a chance and try out life in Washington, DC. Barb thought she was coming down to Washington for a 2-month assignment, answering phones and staffing the front office until the office could hire someone right out of college, but Barb quickly became an invaluable member of Sen-ator Jeffords’ team. Eventually, she be-came the Senator’s executive assistant, working alongside him every day until his retirement from the Senate in 2007. Barb’s first year in the Senate in-cluded Senator Jeffords switching par-ties, 9/11, and the anthrax and ricin scares. Any one of these events might have given a different person a reason to leave the Senate, but Barb stayed and worked as hard as ever. When Sen-ator Jeffords retired in 2007, Barb helped Senator B
ERNIE SANDERS ’ office learn the ways of the Senate for 2 months, after which she joined my of-fice. From day 1, Barb was always the per-son who made the trains run on time in my office. Barb had the challenging and sometimes impossible task of keeping my day on schedule, while at the same time juggling phone calls, personal notes, briefing memos, and any number of inquiries that came across her desk. There were even a few times where she managed to track down particularly old and rare library books at my request. No matter the task at hand, Barb approached her work with good humor and a can-do at-titude that impressed everyone. Barb’s contributions in my Senate of-fice are immeasurable, but I thought it was worth trying to quantify some of the ways in which she has served the people of Pennsylvania and our Nation. During her decade of service to Penn-sylvania, Barb welcomed more than 200 ambassadors, dignitaries, and adminis-tration officials to my office, drafted more than 500 letters, and greeted over 1,000 Pennsylvanians at my ‘‘Keystone Coffees.’’ She acted as a mentor and support system for all my staff mem-bers, and befriended everyone she worked with in the Senate. Everyone, from the Capitol Police officers she passed on her 3-block commute, to the photographers in the Senate Photo Studio who patiently waited while Barb shepherded our constituents for photos, knows how valued Barb was to our team and to me personally. Having been in the Senate long be-fore I was, Barb understood how to bal-ance the everyday needs in the office with the overall goals we set for our-selves when we first began our service here. Barb provided everyone in my of-fice, myself included, with the impor-tant perspective that is often lost here in the Senate: it is easy to get bogged down in details or small problems, but the work we do here is important, last-ing, and honorable. Barb never lost sight of how fortunate we are to work in this institution, and I know our team is grateful to have always had that reminder. It is hard to imagine my office with-out Barb, but I know she will enjoy her retirement, whether she is home in New Hampshire or traveling the world. I wish her and her children, Heather and Michael, well in this new chapter. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO LESLIE CARTNER ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Leslie Cartner, commander of the Yellowstone Battalion of the U.S. Naval Sea Cadet Corps in Billings. Leslie’s devotion to the Yellowstone Battalion, the only Sea Cadet organiza-tion in the State of Montana, has been outstanding. In the next few weeks, Leslie will complete her tenure as Yel-lowstone Battalion Commander and transfer responsibility for the Sea Cadet program to another capable Montanan. In 1962, Congress chartered the U.S. Naval Sea Cadet Corps. Today there are over 380 Sea Cadet units and nearly 9,000 young Americans participating in the program. In the Yellowstone Bat-talion, under Leslie’s leadership, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.052 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1969 March 23, 2017 
cadets have been trained in drill and ceremony, first aid, inspection proce-dures, and taught the basics of fighting a fire while onboard a ship. In addition to learning introductory level Navy skills, the cadets have received char-acter-building instruction in avoiding substance abuse and prevention of bul-lying and harassment. One of the in-structors for the Yellowstone Bat-talion, Navy veteran George Blackard, described Leslie as the driving force be-hind the local Sea Cadet program and ‘‘the one who really got it off the ground.’’ I strongly share George’s ap-preciation for the work Leslie has done to enhance the program and her com-mitment to helping build the next gen-eration of leaders. From Libby to Ekalaka, Montanans are doing great things to strengthen their communities. A thank you for a job well done, I tip my cap to Leslie. Good job, Sailor.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DOUG GRIFFIN ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, today I wish to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and congratulating Doug Griffin of Newton, NH, for being named an ‘‘Advocate of the Year’’ by the Ad-diction Policy Forum. After Mr. Griffin lost his daughter Courtney to an opioid overdose in September 2014, he became a passionate advocate, determined to increase awareness of the opioid epi-demic in the State of New Hampshire. Granite Staters and Americans im-pacted by this urgent crisis owe him a debt of gratitude for his work, and I am grateful that the Addiction Policy Forum has honored him with this dis-tinction. Mr. Griffin has been a leader in call-ing for easier access to naloxone, Narcan, for families at risk of an over-dose, even testifying on the issue be-fore the New Hampshire State Legisla-ture. My colleagues in the U.S. Senate remember Mr. Griffin from his testi-mony on the rise of opioid-related deaths and the importance of passing the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act last year. In addition to his role as cochair of the Addiction Policy Forum’s families committee, Mr. Grif-fin has spearheaded several local ef-forts in the Granite State, including hosting a monthly church service for people with substance use disorders and their families, a club for young students to raise awareness of the dan-gers of opioids, and a project to create a farm-based sober living facility for those in recovery. New Hampshire has benefited greatly from Mr. Griffin’s devotion and leader-ship. On behalf of my colleagues and the U.S. Congress, I thank Mr. Griffin for all the advocacy work he has done and continues to do. I congratulate him again on being named one of the Addiction Policy Forum’s ‘‘Advocates of the Year’’.∑ MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 10:33 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 305. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Viet-nam War Veterans Day. H.R. 1228. An act to provide for the ap-pointment of members of the Board of Direc-tors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 12:20 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 372. An act to restore the application of Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competition and consumers. H.R. 1101. An act to amend title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for en-trepreneurs with small businesses with re-spect to medical care for their employees. H.R. 1238. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the ef-forts of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity related to food, agriculture, and veteri-nary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 803(a) of the Con-gressional Recognition for Excellence in Arts Education Act (2 U.S.C. 803(a)), the Minority Leader reappoints the Honorable D
EBBIE DINGELL of Michigan to the Congressional Award Board. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 372. An act to restore the application of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competition and consumers; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. H.R. 1101. An act to amend title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for en-trepreneurs with small businesses with re-spect to medical care for their employees; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 1238. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the ef-forts of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity related to food, agriculture, and veteri-nary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, March 23, 2017, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: S. 305. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Viet-nam War Veterans Day. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1033. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Further Delay of Effective Dates for Five Final Regulations Published by the En-vironmental Protection Agency Between De-cember 12, 2016 and January 17, 2017’’ (FRL No . 9960–28–OP) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1034. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Andrew E. Busch, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1035. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Council’s 2016 Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1036. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Update of Filing Fees’’ ((RIN1902–AF35) (Docket No. RM17–00006–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 15, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–1037. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Further Delay of Effective Dates for Five Final Regulations Published by the En-vironmental Protection Agency Between De-cember 12, 2016 and January 17, 2017’’ (FRL No . 9960–28–OP) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1038. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Correction to the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Particu-late Matter’’ ((RIN2060–AS89) (FRL No. 9958– 29–OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1039. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Limited Federal Implementation Plan; Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion Requirements for Fine Particulate Mat-ter (PM2.5); California; North Coast Unified Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9960–32–Region 9) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.054 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1970 March 23, 2017 
Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1040. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Further Delay of Effective Date for the Final Rule Entitled ‘Accidental Release Prevention Requirements: Risk Management Programs Under the Clean Air Act’ Pub-lished by the Environment Protection Agen-cy on January 13, 2017’’ ((RIN2050–AG82) (FRL No. 9959–57–OLEM)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1041. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Delay of Effective Date for Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval of Attain-ment Plan for the Idaho Portion of the Logan, Utah/Idaho PM2.5 Nonattainment Area Published by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency on January 4, 2017’’ (FRL No. 9960–35–Region 10) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1042. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; El Paso Carbon Monoxide Limited Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9957–56–Region 6) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1043. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico; Albuquerque/ Bernalillo County; Inspection and Mainte-nance Program Error Correction’’ (FRL No. 9957–41–Region 6) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1044. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Volatile Or-ganic Compounds Rule Revision and Stage II Vapor Recovery’’ (FRL No. 9958–60–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1045. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Alabama: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9959–14–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1046. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Atlanta; Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9957–89–Region 4) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–1047. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 11, Rev. 1) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1048. A communication from the Chair of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Ac-cess Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2017 Report to Con-gress on Medicaid and CHIP’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–1049. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a financial report for fiscal year 2016 relative to the Biosimilar User Fee Act of 2012; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1050. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a financial report relative to the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1051. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a financial report relative to the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1052. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Compounding Quality Act Annual Report’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1053. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Report to Congress on the Use of Mandatory Recall Authority Submitted Pursuant to Section 206 of the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Public Law 111–353’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1054. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘340B Drug Pricing Program Ceiling Price and Manufacturer Civil Monetary Penalties; Delay of Effective Date’’ (RIN0906–AA89) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1055. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Open Licensing Requirement for Competitive Grant Programs’’ (RIN1894–AA07) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1056. A communication from the Direc-tor, National Institute of Food and Agri-culture, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Competitive and Noncompetitive Non-formula Federal Assistance Programs - Specific Administrative Provisions for the Veterinary Services Grants Program’’ (RIN0524–AA70) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–1057. A communication from the Chair-man of the National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Report on the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1058. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes; Southwest Oklahoma’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3835)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1059. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference Amendments’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–8926)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1060. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Wessington Springs, SD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9193)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1061. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of VOR Federal Airways V–235 and V– 293 in the Vicinity of Cedar City, Utah’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9265)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1062. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes; Eastern United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0986)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1063. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class E Airspace; Farmington, MO; and Amendment of Class E Airspace for the Following Missouri Towns; Ava, MO; Cam-eron, MO; Chillicothe, MO; Farmington, MO; and Festus, MO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6986)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1064. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.012 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1971 March 23, 2017 
Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Weed, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9320)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1065. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Iron Mountain, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 6271)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1066. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Grand Chenier, LA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 6661)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1067. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Ohio Towns; Findlay, OH; Ashland, OH; Celina, OH; Circleville, OH; Columbus, OH; Defiance, OH; Hamilton, OH; Lima, OH; and London, OH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–8839)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1068. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace for the fol-lowing Texas Towns: Houston Sugar Land, TX; Alice, TX; Bay City, TX; Breham, TX; Burnet, TX; Falfurrias, TX; Graford, TX; and Hamilton, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–85053)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1069. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Santa Rosa, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6967)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1070. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Willows, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9138)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1071. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; St. Petersburg, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0015)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1072. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the Paragould, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 8835)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1073. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Barter Island, AK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9173)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1074. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Mapleton, IA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–8834)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1075. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireline Competition Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Connect America Fund; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (FCC 17–12)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1076. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6896)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1077. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9298)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1078. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6893)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1079. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutsch-land GmbH) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0674)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1080. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutsch-land GmbH) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0155)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1081. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3984)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1082. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–7423)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1083. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–4225)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1084. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0169)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1085. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0154)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1086. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Learjet Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9388)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.014 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1972 March 23, 2017 
on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1087. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; United Instruments, Inc. Se-ries Altimeters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9345)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1088. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2012–0004)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1089. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9510)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1090. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Milwaukee, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9491)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1091. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9357)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–12. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of South Da-kota expressing support for, and unity with, the State of Israel; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 1014 Whereas, the United States has long sup-ported a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two-state solution with the democratic, Jewish state of Israel and a de-militarized, democratic Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security; and Whereas, United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 claims ‘‘the establishment by Israel of settlements in the Palestinian territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem, has no legal validity and con-stitutes a flagrant violation under inter-national law and a major obstacle to the achievement of the two-state solution and a just, lasting and comprehensive peace’’; and Whereas, by referring to the ‘‘4 June 1967 lines’’ as the basis for negotiations, United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 ef-fectively states that the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem and the Western Wall, Judaism’s holiest site, are ‘‘occupied territory,’’ thereby equating these sites with outposts in the West Bank that the Israeli government has deemed illegal; and Whereas, passage of United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2334 effectively lends legitimacy to efforts by the Palestinian Au-thority to impose its own solution through international organizations and through un-justified boycotts or divestment campaigns against Israel, and will require the United States and Israel to take effective action to counteract the potential harmful impact of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334; and Whereas, the Obama Administration’s deci-sion not to veto United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 is inconsistent with long-standing United States policy and makes direct negotiations more, not less, challenging; and Whereas, Israel has been granted her lands under and through the oldest recorded deed, as recorded in the Old Testament scriptures held sacred and revered by Jews and Chris-tians alike, as presenting the acts and words of God; and Whereas, the claim and presence of the Jewish people in Israel has remained con-stant throughout the past four thousand years of history; and Whereas, the legal basis for the establish-ment of the modern state of Israel was a binding resolution under international law, which was unanimously adopted by the League of Nations in 1922 and subsequently affirmed by both houses of the United States Congress; and Whereas, this resolution affirmed the es-tablishment of a national home for the Jew-ish people in the historical region of the land of Israel, including the areas of Judea, Sama-ria, and Jerusalem; and Whereas, Article 80 of the United Nations Charter 22 recognized the continued validity of the rights granted to states or peoples which already existed under international instruments, and therefore the 1922 League of Nations resolution remains valid, and the six hundred fifty thousand Jews currently residing in the areas of Judea, Samaria, and eastern Jerusalem reside there legitimately; and Whereas, Israel declared its independence and self-governance on May 14, 1948, with the goal of reestablishing its God-given and le-gally recognized lands as a homeland for the Jewish people; and Whereas, the United States, having been the first country to recognize Israel as an independent nation and as Israel’s principal ally, has enjoyed a close and mutually bene-ficial relationship with Israel and her people; and Whereas, there are increasing incidents of anti-Semitism around the world, including across the United States reflected in official hate crime statistics; and Whereas, the international boycott, divest-ment, and sanctions movement is one of the main vehicles for spreading anti-Semitism and advocating for the elimination of the Jewish State; and Whereas, the dramatic increase in boycott, divestment, and sanctions campaign activi-ties on college campuses around the country has resulted in increased animosity and in-timidation against Jewish students, nega-tively impacting student programming re-lated to the State of Israel and politics in the Middle East; and Whereas, leaders of the boycott, divest-ment, and sanctions movement say their goal is to eliminate Israel as the home of the Jewish people; and Whereas, messaging at anti-Israel rallies has adopted the boycott, divestment, and sanctions slogan: ‘‘from the river to the sea Palestine will be free’’ which means that there would be no Israel between the Jordan River and Mediterranean Sea and that the State of Israel will cease to exist; and Whereas, Israel is the greatest friend and ally of the United States in the Middle East and the values of our two nations are so intertwined that it is impossible to separate one from the other; and Whereas, a strong and independent Israel supports our long cherished beliefs of democ-racy and liberty which we believe is the right of all mankind; and Whereas, there are those in the world who have continually sought to destroy Israel, from the time of its inception as a state, and those same enemies of Israel also hate, and seek to destroy, the United States; and Whereas, the promise of the God of Israel, who is the Creator acknowledged in our own Declaration of Independence and referenced by our own Founding Fathers in the creation of our nation, is that He will bless those who bless Israel. Let it be known that the State of South Dakota openly blesses Israel with our friendship and that we stand in support of the Israeli people and celebrate our many culture ties and gratitude for our cordial and mutually beneficial relations since 1948, a friendship that continues to strengthen with each passing year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the House of Representatives of the Ninety-Second Legislature of the State of South Dakota, the Senate concur-ring therein, that the Legislature calls on Congress and President Donald J. Trump to oppose and counteract United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2334 against Israel by all means necessary; and be it further Resolved, That South Dakota stands proud-ly with Israel and thanks our only Middle East democracy, for Israel’s cordial and mu-tually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the state of South Dakota. We stand in support of Israel in its legal, historical, moral, and God-given right of self-governance and self-defense of the en-tirety of its own lands. We recognize that Israel is neither an attacking force nor an occupier of the lands of others, and that peace in the Middle East for us, is contingent on a whole and united Israel; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the chief clerk of the House of Representatives prepare copies of this res-olution and forward them to the President of the United States, the speaker and clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the president and secretary of the United States Senate, and the Israeli Embassy in Washington, D.C., for transmission to the proper authorities in the State of Israel. POM–13. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of South Da-kota expressing support for, and unity with, the State of Israel; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 1014 Whereas, the United States has long sup-ported a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two-state solution with the democratic, Jewish state of Israel and a de-militarized, democratic Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security; and Whereas, United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 claims ‘‘the establishment by Israel of settlements in the Palestinian territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem, has no legal validity and con-stitutes a flagrant violation under inter-national law and a major obstacle to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.016 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1973 March 23, 2017 
achievement of the two-state solution and a just, lasting and comprehensive peace’’; and Whereas, by referring to the ‘‘4 June 1967 lines’’ as the basis for negotiations, United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 ef-fectively states that the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem and the Western Wall, Judaism’s holiest site, are ‘‘occupied territory,’’ thereby equating these sites with outposts in the West Bank that the Israeli government has deemed illegal; and Whereas, passage of United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2334 effectively lends legitimacy to efforts by the Palestinian Au-thority to impose its own solution through international organizations and through un-justified boycotts or divestment campaigns against Israel, and will require the United States and Israel to take effective action to counteract the potential harmful impact of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334; and Whereas, the Obama Administration’s deci-sion not to veto United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 is inconsistent with long-standing United States policy and makes direct negotiations more, not less, challenging; and Whereas, Israel has been granted her lands under and through the oldest recorded deed, as recorded in the Old Testament scriptures held sacred and revered by Jews and Chris-tians alike, as presenting the acts and words of God; and Whereas, the claim and presence of the Jewish people in Israel has remained con-stant throughout the past four thousand years of history; and Whereas, the legal basis for the establish-ment of the modern state of Israel was a binding resolution under international law, which was unanimously adopted by the League of Nations in 1922 and subsequently affirmed by both houses of the United States Congress; and Whereas, this resolution affirmed the es-tablishment of a national home for the Jew-ish people in the historical region of the land of Israel, including the areas of Judea, Sama-ria, and Jerusalem; and Whereas, Article 80 of the United Nations Charter 22 recognized the continued validity of the rights granted to states or peoples which already existed under international instruments, and therefore the 1922 League of Nations resolution remains valid, and the six hundred fifty thousand Jews currently residing in the areas of Judea, Samaria, and eastern Jerusalem reside there legitimately; and Whereas, Israel declared its independence and self-governance on May 14, 1948, with the goal of reestablishing its God-given and le-gally recognized lands as a homeland for the Jewish people; and Whereas, the United States, having been the first country to recognize Israel as an independent nation and as Israel’s principal ally, has enjoyed a close and mutually bene-ficial relationship with Israel and her people; and Whereas, there are increasing incidents of anti-Semitism around the world, including across the United States reflected in official hate crime statistics; and Whereas, the international boycott, divest-ment, and sanctions movement is one of the main vehicles for spreading anti-Semitism and advocating for the elimination of the Jewish State; and Whereas, the dramatic increase in boycott, divestment, and sanctions campaign activi-ties on college campuses around the country has resulted in increased animosity and in-timidation against Jewish students, nega-tively impacting student programming re-lated to the State of Israel and politics in the Middle East; and Whereas, leaders of the boycott, divest-ment, and sanctions movement say their goal is to eliminate Israel as the home of the Jewish people; and Whereas, messaging at anti-Israel rallies has adopted the boycott, divestment, and sanctions slogan: ‘‘from the river to the sea Palestine will be free’’ which means that there would be no Israel between the Jordan River and Mediterranean Sea and that the State of Israel will cease to exist; and Whereas, Israel is the greatest friend and ally of the United States in the Middle East and the values of our two nations are so intertwined that it is impossible to separate one from the other; and Whereas, a strong and independent Israel supports our long cherished beliefs of democ-racy and liberty which we believe is the right of all mankind; and Whereas, there are those in the world who have continually sought to destroy Israel, from the time of its inception as a state, and those same enemies of Israel also hate, and seek to destroy, the United States; and Whereas, the promise of the God of Israel, who is the Creator acknowledged in our own Declaration of Independence and referenced by our own Founding Fathers in the creation of our nation, is that He will bless those who bless Israel. Let it be known that the State of South Dakota openly blesses Israel with our friendship and that we stand in support of the Israeli people and celebrate our many culture ties and gratitude for our cordial and mutually beneficial relations since 1948, a friendship that continues to strengthen with each passing year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the House of Representatives of the Ninety-Second Legislature of the State of South Dakota, the Senate concur-ring therein, that the Legislature calls on Congress and President Donald J. Trump to oppose and counteract United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2334 against Israel by all means necessary; and be it further Resolved, That South Dakota stands proud-ly with Israel and thanks our only Middle East democracy, for Israel’s cordial and mu-tually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the state of South Dakota. We stand in support of Israel in its legal, historical, moral, and God-given right of self-governance and self-defense of the en-tirety of its own lands. We recognize that Israel is neither an attacking force nor an occupier of the lands of others, and that peace in the Middle East for us, is contingent on a whole and united Israel; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the chief clerk of the House of Representatives prepare copies of this res-olution and forward them to the President of the United States, the speaker and clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the president and secretary of the United States Senate, and the Israeli Embassy in Washington, D.C., for transmission to the proper authorities in the State of Israel. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, without amendment: S. 178. A bill to prevent elder abuse and ex-ploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and ex-ploitation cases (Rept. No. 115–9). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Tony D. Bauernfeind and ending with Brig. Gen. Mark E. Weatherington, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 9, 2017. (minus 1 nominee: Brig. Gen. Mark D. Camerer) Air Force nominations beginning with Col. Dagvin R. M. Anderson and ending with Col. David H. Tabor, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 9, 2017. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Paul A. Ostrowski, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Sean B. MacFarland, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Francisco A. Espaillat, to be Major General. Army nomination of Col. Jeffrey A. Roach, to be Brigadier General. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 704. A bill to provide that members of the Armed Forces performing services in the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt shall be entitled to tax benefits in the same manner as if such services were performed in a combat zone; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B LUNT , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): S. 705. A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for cer-tain individuals who, related to their em-ployment, have access to children, the elder-ly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. FRANKEN: S. 706. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical profes-sionals in support of claims for disability compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 707. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that pass-through businesses do not pay tax at a higher rate than corporations; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. C APITO ): S. 708. A bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. NELSON: S. 709. A bill to prohibit the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency from taking administrative action to recover certain payments for disaster or emergency assistance, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.019 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1974 March 23, 2017 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 710. A bill to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 711. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for S corpora-tion reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. K ING, Mr. K AINE, Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. U DALL , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 712. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and proc-esses relating to appeals of decisions regard-ing claims for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 713. A bill to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 714. A bill to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OL-
LINS): S. 715. A bill to direct the Secretary of Ag-riculture to release on behalf of the United States the condition that certain lands con-veyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. B
ARRASSO , and Mr. L EE): S. 716. A bill to require that any debt limit increase be balanced by equal spending cuts over the next decade; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 717. A bill to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to em-power survivors of domestic violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 718. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to make college affordable and accessible; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 719. A bill to establish a grant program at the Department of Homeland Security to promote cooperative research and develop-ment between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 720. A bill to amend the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibi-tions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. C ARPER ): S. 721. A bill to require the disclosure of certain visitor access records; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C OONS , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. D ONNELLY ): S. 722. A bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. C OONS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. G ARD-
NER): S. Res. 92. A resolution expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. Res. 93. A resolution congratulating the European Union on the 60th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Rome, which es-tablished the European Economic Commu-nity and laid the foundation for decades of European peace and prosperity; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. Res. 94. A resolution designating March 2017 as ‘‘National Read Aloud Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 95. A resolution designating March 22, 2017, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Coun-selors Appreciation Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. Res. 96. A resolution designating March 25, 2017, as ‘‘National Cerebral Palsy Aware-ness Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 97. A resolution authorizing the printing of a collection of the rules of the committees of the Senate; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 168 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 168, a bill to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the Department of Trans-portation. S. 170 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 170, a bill to provide for nonpreemption of measures by State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-re-lated or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities tar-geting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 301, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services that are not involved in abortion. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriv-ing through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other pur-poses. 
S. 389 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 389, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that kombucha is exempt from any excise taxes and regulations imposed on alco-holic beverages. 
S. 394 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 394, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to provide that a member of the Armed Forces and the spouse of that member shall have the same rights regarding the re-ceipt of firearms at the location of any duty station of the member. 
S. 425 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 425, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 448 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 448, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psy-chologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist serv-ices under the Medicare program. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.024 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1975 March 23, 2017 
added as cosponsors of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screen-ing tests, regardless of whether thera-peutic intervention is required during the screening. 
S. 486 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 512, a bill to modernize the regula-tion of nuclear energy. 
S. 534 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 534, a bill to prevent the sex-ual abuse of minors and amateur ath-letes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement au-thorities, and for other purposes. 
S. 537 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 537, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with re-spect to arbitration. 
S. 573 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 573, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligi-bility for the program of comprehen-sive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to partici-pants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require as-sistance in everyday life, and for other purposes. 
S. 604 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 604, a bill to allow certain State permitting authority to encour-age expansion of broadband service to rural communities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 605 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 605, a bill to amend the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 and the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to discourage litigation against the For-est Service and the Bureau of Land Management relating to land manage-ment projects. S. 623 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 623, a bill to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote qual-ity basic education in developing coun-tries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. 
S. 668 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 668, a bill to nullify the effect of the re-cent Executive order regarding border security and immigration enforcement. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN HOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 697, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to lower the mile-age threshold for deduction in deter-mining adjusted gross income of cer-tain expenses of members of reserve components of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes. 
S. 699 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 699, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to furnish mental and behavioral health care to certain individuals discharged or re-leased from the active military, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 704. A bill to provide that members of the Armed Forces performing serv-ices in the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt shall be entitled to tax benefits in the same manner as if such services were performed in a combat zone; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
S. 704 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sinai Serv-ice Recognition Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing sta-tus). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relat-ing to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint re-turn where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) Q
UALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Pe-ninsula of Egypt, if as of the date of the en-actment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is enti-tled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger) for services performed in such loca-tion. Such term includes such location only during the period such entitlement is in ef-fect. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 708. A bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are ille-gally imported into the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I rise to speak again today about the epi-demic of deadly, illicit fentanyl plagu-ing our Nation and how, through bipar-tisan legislation I have introduced today, we can help to stop this dan-gerous opioid from flowing into our country from abroad. I want to start by providing some basic information about fentanyl. What 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.020 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1976 March 23, 2017 
is fentanyl? Well, fentanyl is a syn-thetic opioid that is 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times more power-ful than morphine. Although pharma-ceutical fentanyl can be misused, the current fentanyl epidemic in our coun-try is being fueled by illicitly manufac-tured fentanyl and illicit versions of chemically similar compounds known as fentanyl analogs. Fentanyl, in its powder form, is often mixed with other illegal drugs like her-oin or it is disguised in pill form to re-semble an opioid painkiller like OxyContin. Many drug users overdose on fentanyl because they have no idea it is cut into whatever substance they are injecting or whatever pills they are swallowing. They simply do not realize just how deadly fentanyl is. In fact, just a few salt-size grains of fentanyl can kill an adult. Where does illicit fentanyl come from? According to the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion, Mexico is the primary source for illicit fentanyl trafficked into the United States. Distributors in China are the principal source of the pre-cursor chemicals, the chemical build-ing blocks used to manufacture fentanyl in Mexico and elsewhere. China is also a source of finished product illicit fentanyl coming into the United States. Why is illicit fentanyl trafficking increasing? Well, we are in the midst of an opioid epi-demic that has begun with the over-prescription and resulting abuse of pre-scription opioids like OxyContin. When users found those pills too expensive to sustain their addiction, they turned to cheaper heroin. Now they are turning to even cheaper and more powerful fentanyl, which has become an extremely lucrative product for drug dealers and drug cartels. Ac-cording to the DEA, a kilogram of her-oin can be purchased from Colombia for about $6,000 and then sold on the wholesale drug market for $80,000—pur-chased for 6,000, sold for $80,000. By comparison, a kilogram of pure fentanyl can be purchased from China for less than $5,000 and then sold on the market for $80,000 as well. Because it is so potent that 1 kilo-gram of fentanyl can be cut with agents like talcum powder or caffeine, resulting in 24 kilograms of product to be sold, that means that one $5,000 kilogram of fentanyl actually reaps a whopping profit in the neighborhood of $1.6 million. What has been the impact of the fentanyl epidemic on the United States? Well, the DEA is so concerned about fentanyl that in March of 2015, it issued a nationwide alert that high-lighted the drug as a threat to health and public safety. Between 2014 and 2015, overdose deaths in the United States from synthetic opioids, prin-cipally illicit fentanyl, increased 72 percent. In 2015, there were more than 9,500 such overdose deaths in the United States. Last year, it is estimated that my home State of Massachusetts suf-fered more than 2,000 opioid-related overdose deaths, largely fueled by the deadly rise of illicit fentanyl. In fact, Massachusetts ranked second notion-ally per capita in synthetic opioid deaths, which includes fentanyl, with the number of deaths between 2014 and 2015 increasing by 109 percent. Massachusetts authorities are now finding fentanyl in 74 percent of the State’s opioid overdose deaths. If those figures hold up, that means last year there will have been roughly 1,500 fentanyl-related deaths in Massachu-setts in 2016. If the fentanyl epidemic were to hit the entire Nation as hard as it is hitting Massachusetts, the coun-try would lose almost 75,000 people each year to fentanyl. Think about that. Those are more deaths than the United States suffered in the entire Vietnam war. Fentanyl is the Godzilla of opioids. It will overrun communities and lay them to waste, unless we take action now to stop it. So how do we stop it? There is no easy solution to a crisis caused by a drug that is so small, so powerful, so profitable that those who traffic in it just want to make money, but we know we must act. First, we need to raise awareness of the dire threat fentanyl poses to our Nation. We need to educate the public about it. We need to elevate the issues to the highest levels of our government and the governments of the countries from which it comes. To help with that effort, last week, the Senate adopted a bipartisan sense of the Senate resolu-tion on fentanyl trafficking that I in-troduced with Senator R
UBIO from Florida. I thank him for his partner-ship on that resolution. I thank Sen-ators T
OOMEY , SHAHEEN , KING, JOHN-
SON, and N ELSON for adding their sup-port. The resolution calls on our govern-ment to use its broad diplomatic and law enforcement resources in partner-ship with Mexico and China to disrupt the trafficking of fentanyl. We are see-ing the signs of some progress. In Octo-ber of 2015, China added 116 synthetic chemicals, including 6 fentanyl prod-ucts, to its list of controlled chemical substances. In February of 2017, China agreed to make carfentanil, a powerful fentanyl analogue, and three other fentanyl analogues illegal. Earlier this month, I led a group of 10 Senators in urging Secretary of State Tillerson to secure the votes of the 53 member nations of the U.N. Commis-sion on Narcotic Drugs in favor of the scheduling of the fentanyl precursors. Last week, the Commission voted unanimously in favor of controlling these substances. This international cooperation is expected to yield mean-ingful dividends in the fight against il-licit fentanyl. Fentanyl will require us to build bridges to our international partners, not walls. Indeed, I recently visited Mexico, where I met with law enforce-ment officials at the border, on the front lines of the smuggling and traf-ficking of narcotics into the United States. That is why today, Senators RUBIO, BROWN , CAPITO , and I introduced legislation to help this front line of drug detection at the border. It is called the INTERDICT Act. It provides badly needed high-tech equipment and other resources to U.S. Customs and Border Protection to help it detect and interdict illicit fentanyl being traf-ficked into the United States. Here is how it works. There are two principal ways drugs like fentanyl are trafficked into the United States. First, coming from Mexico, they are smuggled across the southwest border of the United States. They are hidden in vehicles, beneath false floors, behind hidden compartments, and elsewhere. The drugs are also carried into the United States by people, sometimes hidden in the hollowed-out heels of their shoes. Second, illegal fentanyl is also pur-chased online from overseas vendors in China and elsewhere—often on the dark web—and then shipped to Mexico or di-rectly to the United States through the mail or express consignment carriers. Fentanyl shipped this way is often concealed inside legitimate goods, with fentanyl suppliers using various meth-ods to mislabel shipments. For exam-ple, some conceal the powder in those small silica packages that say ‘‘do not eat’’ placed alongside everyday items. Others gift wrap shipments or label them as household products like laun-dry detergent to avoid detection. Customs and Border Protection has many different methods it uses to find contraband being smuggled into the United States at the border or through the mail. These include drug-sniffing dogs, various kinds of scanners, fiber- optic scopes, and physical searches. When Customs and Border Protection finds a suspicious substance using those and other methods, it has had success identifying it as an illicit drug like fentanyl with the help of high- tech, handheld chemical screening de-vices. So anytime Customs and Border Pro-tection finds a suspicious powder, pill, or liquid, it can use a handheld de-vice—really something that looks and feels like a Nintendo Game Boy—to conduct a test, in the field, with real- time results. That means narcotics like illicit fentanyl can be detected, identi-fied, and seized quickly and on the spot. Those rapid results provide vital information for law enforcement offi-cers to continue their investigation and, if appropriate, proceed with sei-zure and arrest. Not only does the use of this technology disrupt the flow of the drugs into the country, it protects the health and safety of law enforce-ment officials from exposure to dan-gerous substances like illicit fentanyl. Often, Border Patrol agents don’t know what the powdery substance they have uncovered is and whether it poses a threat to them. That is especially alarming with illicit fentanyl, given its strength. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.042 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1977 March 23, 2017 
Exposure to a small amount by con-tact with the skin or through inhala-tion can be fatal. Increased use of these high-tech devices will provide impor-tant protections for our law enforce-ment officers on the front lines. The INTERDICT Act also provides for addi-tional equipment back in Customs and Border Protection laboratories, includ-ing more scientists who analyze and in-terpret test results. The INTERDICT Act ensures that Customs and Border Patrol will have hundreds of additional portable chem-ical screening devices available at international ports of entry and mail and express consignment facilities and additional equipment and personnel available in their laboratories so that they can provide support during all operational hours. Again, I thank Senator R
UBIO, Sen-ator B
ROWN , and Senator C APITO for working together on a bipartisan basis so we can give these additional tools to fight this fentanyl epidemic. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill to fight the scourge of illicit drugs. It knows no political, geographic, or so-cioeconomic boundaries. It is the epi-demic of our time. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 92—EX-PRESSING CONCERN OVER THE DISAPPEARANCE OF DAVID SNEDDON, AND FOR OTHER PUR-POSES Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. C OONS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. G ARD-
NER) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 92 Whereas David Louis Sneddon is a United States citizen who disappeared while touring the Yunnan Province in the People’s Repub-lic of China as a university student on Au-gust 14, 2004, at the age of 24; Whereas David had last reported to family members prior to his disappearance that he intended to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge in the Yunnan Province before returning to the United States and had placed a down pay-ment on student housing for the upcoming academic year, planned business meetings, and scheduled law school entrance examina-tions in the United States for the fall; Whereas People’s Republic of China offi-cials have reported to the Department of State and the family of David that he most likely died by falling into the Jinsha River while hiking the Tiger Leaping Gorge, al-though no physical evidence or eyewitness testimony exists to support this conclusion; Whereas there is evidence indicating that David did not fall into the river when he traveled through the gorge, including eye-witness testimonies from people who saw David alive and spoke to him in person after his hike, as recorded by members of David’s family and by embassy officials from the De-partment of State in the months after his disappearance; Whereas family members searching for David shortly after he went missing obtained eyewitness accounts that David stayed over-night in several guesthouses during and after his safe hike through the gorge, and these guesthouse locations suggest that David dis-appeared after passing through the gorge, but the guest registers recording the names and passport numbers of foreign overnight guests could not be accessed; Whereas Chinese officials have reported that evidence does not exist that David was a victim of violent crime, or a resident in a local hospital, prison, or mental institution at the time of his disappearance, and no at-tempt has been made to use David’s passport since the time of his disappearance, nor has any money been withdrawn from his bank account since that time; Whereas David Sneddon is the only United States citizen to disappear without expla-nation in the People’s Republic of China since the normalization of relations between the United States and China during the ad-ministration of President Richard Nixon; Whereas investigative reporters and non-governmental organizations with expertise in the Asia-Pacific region, and in some cases particular expertise in the Asian Under-ground Railroad and North Korea’s docu-mented program to kidnap citizens of foreign nations for espionage purposes, have repeat-edly raised the possibility that the Govern-ment of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) was involved in David’s dis-appearance; and Whereas investigative reporters and non-governmental organizations who have re-viewed David’s case believe it is possible that the Government of North Korea was in-volved in David’s disappearance because— (1) the Yunnan Province is regarded by re-gional experts as an area frequently traf-ficked by North Korean refugees and their support networks, and the Government of the People’s Republic of China allows North Korean agents to operate throughout the re-gion to repatriate refugees, such as promi-nent North Korean defector Kang Byong-sop and members of his family who were cap-tured near the China-Laos border just weeks prior to David’s disappearance; (2) in 2002, North Korean officials acknowl-edged that the Government of North Korea has carried out a policy since the 1970s of ab-ducting foreign citizens and holding them captive in North Korea for the purpose of training its intelligence and military per-sonnel in critical language and culture skills to infiltrate foreign nations; (3) Charles Robert Jenkins, a United States soldier who deserted his unit in South Korea in 1965 and was held captive in North Korea for nearly 40 years, left North Korea in July 2004 (one month before David disappeared in China) and Jenkins reported that he was forced to teach English to North Korean in-telligence and military personnel while in captivity; (4) David Sneddon is fluent in the Korean language and was learning Mandarin, skills that could have been appealing to the Gov-ernment of North Korea after Charles Jen-kins left the country; (5) tensions between the United States and North Korea were heightened during the summer of 2004 due to recent approval of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–333) that increased United States aid to refugees fleeing North Korea, prompting the Government of North Korea to issue a press release warning the United States to ‘‘drop its hostile policy’’; (6) David Sneddon’s disappearance fits a known pattern often seen in the abduction of foreigners by the Government of North Korea, including the fact that David dis-appeared the day before North Korea’s Lib-eration Day patriotic national holiday, and the Government of North Korea has a dem-onstrated history of provocations near dates it deems historically significant; (7) a well-reputed Japanese non-profit spe-cializing in North Korean abductions shared with the United States its expert analysis in 2012 about information it stated was received ‘‘from a reliable source’’ that a United States university student largely matching David Sneddon’s description was taken from China by North Korean agents in August 2004; and (8) commentary published in the Wall Street Journal in 2013 cited experts looking at the Sneddon case who concluded that ‘‘it is most probable that a U.S. national has been abducted to North Korea,’’ and ‘‘there is a strong possibility that North Korea kid-napped the American’’: Now, therefore, be it— Resolved, that the Senate— (1) expresses its ongoing concern about the disappearance of David Louis Sneddon in Yunnan Province, People’s Republic of China, in August, 2004; (2) directs the Department of State and the intelligence community to jointly continue investigations and to consider all plausible explanations for David’s disappearance, in-cluding the possibility of abduction by the Government of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea; (3) urges the Department of State and the intelligence community to coordinate inves-tigations with the Governments of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, Japan, and South Korea and solicit information from appro-priate regional affairs and law enforcement experts on plausible explanations for David’s disappearance; (4) encourages the Department of State and the intelligence community to work with foreign governments known to have diplomatic influence with the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to better investigate the possibility of the involvement of the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea in David Sneddon’s disappearance and to possibly seek his recovery; and (5) requests that the Department of State and the intelligence community continue to work with and inform Congress and the fam-ily of David Sneddon on efforts to possibly recover David and to resolve his disappear-ance. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 93—CON-GRATULATING THE EUROPEAN UNION ON THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SIGNING OF THE TREATY OF ROME, WHICH ES-TABLISHED THE EUROPEAN ECO-NOMIC COMMUNITY AND LAID THE FOUNDATION FOR DECADES OF EUROPEAN PEACE AND PROS-PERITY Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 93 Whereas 6 European countries signed the Treaty of Rome on March 25, 1957, creating the European Economic Community, which established a customs union and common market among the signatory countries in order to foster economic cooperation and interdependence; Whereas the United States welcomed and supported this European economic integra-tion, recognizing that this kind of union would promote interdependence and there-fore prevent future war and conflict; Whereas this economic integration has broadened and evolved into the European 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\S23MR7.REC S23MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1978 March 23, 2017 
Union, a unique political and economic union covering much of the European con-tinent and based on the principles of rule of law and representative democracy, which has pursued common policies in economic, secu-rity, diplomatic, and political areas and has helped bring unprecedented peace and sta-bility to Europe and its neighbors; Whereas European integration has been es-sential in opening and expanding markets, strengthening the rule of law and respect for basic freedoms, and fostering democracy in Europe itself, both in European Union mem-bers and aspiring nations; Whereas, since World War II, the United States has firmly supported and been an ac-tive partner in the European integration project, working with Europe to rebuild its war-torn continent through the Marshall Plan and to create an Atlantic security alli-ance built on shared values and ideals, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), to permanently prevent the kind of conflict we had just endured; Whereas the United States and Europe have since engaged in a close and robust Transatlantic partnership, constructed on a strong foundation of shared values and com-mitment to democracy, freedom and the rule of law, to the benefit of the United States, Europe, and the rest of the world; Whereas a strong United States-European Union partnership has helped build our mu-tual economies, ensured unprecedented peace in Europe, and remains essential to creating a freer, safer, and more prosperous and more interconnected world; Whereas the Transatlantic economy is the world’s largest and wealthiest market and the single most important driver of global economic growth and prosperity, with the United States and European Union together accounting for over half of the world’s gross domestic product (GDP), generating $5,500,000,000,000 in yearly commercial sales and employing up to 15,000,000 workers in do-mestic jobs on both sides of the Atlantic; Whereas mutual investment is the back-bone of the Transatlantic economy, and the United States and Europe are each other’s primary source and destination for Foreign Direct Investment (FDI); Whereas the United States and the Euro-pean Union are each other’s largest trading partners, and United States-European Union trade totaled approximately $687,000,000,000 during 2016, almost double the level at the beginning of the century; Whereas the Transatlantic economy drives innovation, with the United States and Eu-ropean Union investing more in mutual Re-search and Development than any other 2 international partners and collaborating across areas of science and technology, in-cluding marine and Arctic science, transpor-tation and energy technologies, and health research; Whereas this historic partnership goes far beyond economic and commercial ties, and the United States and the European Union work together to promote peace and sta-bility, protect human rights, foster democ-racy and sustainable development, combat global threats like terrorism, and eradicate disease and poverty; Whereas the United States and the Euro-pean Union have developed numerous mecha-nisms to strengthen the Transatlantic rela-tionship and to improve communication and collaboration among our respective govern-ments, including annual European Union- United States Summit meetings and the Transatlantic Legislators’ Dialogue, which facilitates meetings between members of the European Parliament and the United States Congress on issues of mutual concern; Whereas, despite representing approxi-mately 12 percent of the world’s population, the United States and the European Union together provide more than three-quarters of official development assistance worldwide and have established an ongoing Develop-ment Dialogue to improve the quality and ef-fectiveness of development aid; Whereas the United States and the Euro-pean Union collaborate to promote peace and stability and prevent conflict around the world, working together to address conflicts including those in Syria and Ukraine and confront global security challenges like ter-rorism, nuclear weapons proliferation, transnational crime, and cybercrime; Whereas, in pursuit of an integrated, free, and peaceful Europe, the United States and the European Union have worked together to promote peace, stability, and prosperity in the Balkans and to advance their coopera-tion with and integration into institutions like NATO and the European Union. Whereas, in response to its annexation of Crimea and continued aggression in the sov-ereign nation of Ukraine, the United States and the European Union imposed and have maintained sanctions to increase the diplo-matic and financial costs on the Russian Federation for its illegal actions; Whereas, in the face of ongoing threats from terrorism, the United States and the European Union cooperate closely to target terrorist financing, secure transportation and borders, provide mutual assistance with cross-border investigations and extraditions, and share information; and Whereas leaders on both sides of the Atlan-tic have long recognized the value of and ex-pressed their commitment to the Trans-atlantic partnership, including— (1) President John F. Kennedy, who said in 1962 that ‘‘we do not regard a strong and united Europe as a rival but as a partner,’’ and asserted that the United States believed ‘‘that a united Europe will be capable of playing a greater role in the common de-fense, of responding more generously to the needs of poorer nations, of joining with the United States and others in lowering trade barriers, resolving problems of commerce, commodities, and currency, and developing coordinated policies in all economic, polit-ical, and diplomatic areas’’; (2) President Ronald Reagan, who ad-dressed the European Parliament in 1985 ‘‘to reaffirm to the people of Europe the con-stancy of the American purpose’’ and to state that ‘‘America remains . . . dedicated to the unity of Europe’’ and ‘‘is at your side today, because, like you, we have not veered from the ideals of the West—the ideals of freedom, liberty, and peace’’; (3) President Barack Obama, who stated in a 2016 address in Germany that ‘‘the United States, and the entire world, needs a strong and prosperous and democratic and united Europe. . .because Europe’s security and prosperity is inherently indivisible from our own’’ and recognized that ‘‘Europe helps to uphold the norms and rules that can main-tain peace and promote prosperity around the world’’; and (4) Vice President Mike Pence, who as-serted that ‘‘our two continents share the same heritage, the same values and above all, the same purpose to promote peace and prosperity through freedom, democracy and the rule of law’’ and reiterated that the United States ‘‘will stand with Europe, today and every day,’’ while traveling in Eu-rope in February 2017: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the European Union and its member states on the 60th anniversary of the historic signing of the Treaty of Rome; (2) commends the European Union for its critical role in spreading peace, prosperity, and stability throughout Europe and world-wide, as well as its close and enduring part-nership with the United States; (3) recognizes the challenges the European Union, its Transatlantic partners, and the broader global community continue to face, including an unprecedented migration and refugee crisis, increased Russian aggression and interference, violent extremism, and the rise of nationalist and populist sentiment; and (4) affirms the desire of the United States Government to strengthen the Transatlantic partnership with the European Union and its member states. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 94—DESIG-NATING MARCH 2017 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL READ ALOUD MONTH’’ Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Ms. H
ARRIS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 94 Whereas medical experts have concluded that reading aloud is the ‘‘single most im-portant’’ activity in which parents can par-ticipate in order to prepare their children to read and learn; Whereas recent research has concluded that, by 3 years of age, there is a gap in early brain development between children whose parents read to them and children whose par-ents do not; Whereas Congress has highlighted the im-portance of early childhood literacy by in-cluding funding for State comprehensive lit-eracy plans and targeted funds toward early childhood education programs in the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802); Whereas, in 2013, Read Aloud 15 MINUTES launched a decade-long national campaign highlighting the importance of reading aloud to children, starting from birth; and Whereas Read Aloud 15 MINUTES now has more than 21 National Leadership Partners and 10,000 grassroots partners, including day care facilities, schools, libraries, health cen-ters, and rotary clubs in all 50 States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 2017 as ‘‘National Read Aloud Month’’; and (2) encourages parents and guardians to read to their children for 15 minutes every day because of the developmental benefits that activity has for children. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 95—DESIG-NATING MARCH 22, 2017, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL REHABILITATION COUN-SELORS APPRECIATION DAY’’ Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 95 Whereas rehabilitation counselors conduct assessments, provide counseling, support families, and plan and implement rehabilita-tion programs for individuals in need of re-habilitation; Whereas the purpose of professional orga-nizations for rehabilitation counseling and education is to promote the improvement of rehabilitation services available to individ-uals with disabilities through quality edu-cation for counselors and rehabilitation re-search; Whereas various professional organizations have vigorously advocated for up-to-date education and training and the maintenance of professional standards in the field of reha-bilitation counseling and education, includ-ing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.029 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1979 March 23, 2017 
(1) the National Rehabilitation Associa-tion; (2) the Rehabilitation Counselors and Edu-cators Association; (3) the National Council on Rehabilitation Education; (4) the National Rehabilitation Counseling Association; (5) the American Rehabilitation Coun-seling Association; (6) the Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification; (7) the Council of State Administrators of Vocational Rehabilitation; and (8) the Council on Rehabilitation Edu-cation; Whereas, in March of 1983, the president of the National Council on Rehabilitation Edu-cation testified before the Subcommittee on Select Education of the Committee on Edu-cation and Labor of the House of Representa-tives and was instrumental in bringing to the attention of Congress the need for quali-fied rehabilitation counselors; and Whereas credentialed rehabilitation coun-selors provide a higher quality of service to individuals in need of rehabilitation and the development of an accreditation system for rehabilitation counselors supports the con-tinued education of rehabilitation coun-selors: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 22, 2017, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Counselors Appreciation Day’’; and (2) commends— (A) rehabilitation counselors for their dedication and hard work in providing coun-seling to individuals in need of rehabilita-tion; and (B) professional organizations for their ef-forts in assisting individuals who require re-habilitation. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 96—DESIG-NATING MARCH 25, 2017, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL CEREBRAL PALSY AWARENESS DAY’’ Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
SAKSON , and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 96 Whereas a group of permanent disorders of the development of movement and posture that are attributed to nonprogressive dis-turbances that occur in the developing brain is referred to as ‘‘cerebral palsy’’; Whereas cerebral palsy, the most common motor disability in children, is caused by damage to 1 or more specific areas of the de-veloping brain, which usually occurs during fetal development before, during, or after birth; Whereas the majority of children who have cerebral palsy are born with cerebral palsy, but cerebral palsy may be undetected for months or years; Whereas 75 percent of individuals with cer-ebral palsy also have 1 or more develop-mental disabilities, including epilepsy, intel-lectual disability, autism, visual impair-ment, or blindness; Whereas, according to information re-leased by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention— (1) the prevalence of cerebral palsy is not changing over time; and (2) an estimated 1 in 323 children has cere-bral palsy; Whereas approximately 764,000 individuals in the United States are affected by cerebral palsy; Whereas, although there is no cure for cer-ebral palsy, treatment often improves the capabilities of a child with cerebral palsy; Whereas scientists and researchers are hopeful for breakthroughs in cerebral palsy research; Whereas researchers across the United States conduct important research projects involving cerebral palsy; and Whereas the Senate can raise awareness of cerebral palsy in the public and the medical community: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 25, 2017, as ‘‘National Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day’’; (2) encourages each individual in the United States to become better informed about and aware of cerebral palsy; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Executive Director of Reaching for the Stars: A Foundation of Hope for Chil-dren with Cerebral Palsy. f SENATE RESOLUTION 97—AUTHOR-IZING THE PRINTING OF A COL-LECTION OF THE RULES OF THE COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 97 Resolved, That a collection of the rules of the committees of the Senate, together with related materials, be printed as a Senate document, and that there be printed 250 addi-tional copies of such document for the use of the Committee on Rules and Administration. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 23, 2017 at 10 a.m. in 325 Russell Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 23, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in open session. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 23, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tion of Mr. Jay Clayton to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 23, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Sen-ate Office Building, to continue a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Nomination of the Honorable Neil M. Gorsuch.’’ SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, March 23, 2017 from 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Building. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
The Subcommittee on Personnel of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 23, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in open session. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AVIATION OPERATIONS , 
SAFETY , AND SECURITY  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, March 23, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The Committee will hold Sub-committee Hearing on ‘‘FAA Reauthor-ization: Perspectives on Improving Air-port Infrastructure and Aviation Man-ufacturing.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the tech-nology fellow on my staff, Christopher Soghoian, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of this Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a member of my staff, Tannis Fox, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader and ranking member of the Sen-ate Committee on Armed Services, pur-suant to the provisions of Public Law 114–328, appoints the following individ-uals to serve as members of the Na-tional Commission on Military, Na-tional, and Public Service: Alan Khazei of Massachusetts and Mark Gearan of New York. The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appoints the following Senator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: the Honorable J
AMES  L
ANKFORD of Oklahoma (Committee on Appropriations). 
f 
NATIONAL CEREBRAL PALSY AWARENESS DAY Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 96, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR6.031 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1980 March 23, 2017 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 96) designating March 25, 2017, as ‘‘National Cerebral Palsy Aware-ness Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 96) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE PRINTING OF A COLLECTION OF THE RULES OF THE COMMITTEES OF THE SEN-ATE Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 97, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 97) authorizing the printing of a collection of the rules of the committees of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 97) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 27, 2017 Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 p.m., Monday, March 27; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of Executive Calendar No. 1, the Mon-tenegro treaty; further, that the filing deadline for first-degree amendments under rule XXII for the cloture motion filed during today’s session of the Sen-ate be at 3:30 p.m. on Monday, March 27; and finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote occur at 5:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MARCH 27, 2017, AT 3 P.M. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:54 p.m., adjourned until Monday, March 27, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate March 23, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DAVID FRIEDMAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO ISRAEL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G23MR6.060 S23MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE367 March 23, 2017 
IN MEMORY OF MR. ROBERT ‘‘BUDDY’’ O. LAMPI, II 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Rob-ert O. Lampi II, better known as Buddy, of Pahokee, Florida, who passed away on March 10th in Okeechobee, Florida at the age of 71. Buddy Lampi’s life was greatly influenced by his love of music. An accomplished instrumen-talist and an exceptionally talented trumpet player, his passion led him to pursue a lifelong career as a Band Director. Over the 40 years that he proudly held this position, he shared his love for music with thousands of students and inspired them to challenge themselves and always strive to reach their full potential. Buddy was a graduate of the University of Miami, and like his father, a member of the Florida Band Master’s Association. Outside of the classroom, music remained an important part of his life. He was a member of the Okeechobee First United Methodist Church where he regularly sang with the choir. In his spare time, Buddy enjoyed golfing and fishing. We are deeply saddened by his loss and know that his passion for music will live on in the many students he inspired. Mr. Speaker, my thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Lampi’s family, especially his wife Peggy, and loved ones as they mourn his passing. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
3D SYSTEMS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 3D Systems for winning the 2016 Business Recognition Award from the Jeffco EDC. Founded in 1986, 3D Systems provides comprehensive 3D products and services, in-cluding printers, print materials, on-demand parts services and digital design tools. Its ad-vanced applications produce equipment used on the factory floor to the operating room in-cluding precision healthcare capabilities such as simulation, Virtual Surgical Planning, and printing of medical, dental and other surgical instruments and devices. As a leader in 3D solutions, 3D Systems has spent its 30-year history enabling professionals and companies to optimize their designs, transform their workflows, bring innovative products to market and drive new business models. Recently, 3D Systems relocated and ex-panded its operations into a 70,000 square- foot facility in unincorporated Jefferson County where it expects to almost double the number of employees and bring millions in new capital investment. I extend my deepest congratulations to 3D Systems for this well-deserved recognition from the Jeffco EDC. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HON. ANTHONY C. ‘‘TONY’’ BEILENSON 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to pay tribute to our colleague and friend, Congressman Anthony C. ‘‘Tony’’ Beilenson, who, from 1977 to 1997, represented with dis-tinction in the House of Representatives a Los Angeles-area district. Joining me in this statement are my col-leagues: N
ANCY PELOSI , DANA ROHRABACHER , M
AXINE WATERS , KENCALVERT , ANNA ESHOO , L
UCILLE ROYBAL -ALLARD , ZOELOFGREN , BAR-
BARA LEE, GRACE NAPOLITANO , MIKETHOMP -
SON, S USAN DAVIS, A DAM SCHIFF , L INDA S
A´NCHEZ , JIMCOSTA , DORIS MATSUI , JERRY  M
CNERNEY , JACKIE SPEIER , JUDY CHU, JOHN G
ARAMENDI , K AREN BASS, A MIBERA, JULIA B
ROWNLEY , TONY CA´RDENAS , JARED HUFFMAN , A
LANLOWENTHAL , SCOTT PETERS , RAULRUIZ, E
RICSWALWELL , MARKTAKANO , JUAN VARGAS , P
ETE AGUILAR , MARK DESAULNIER , TEDLIEU, N
ORMA TORRES , NANETTE BARRAGA ´N, SALUD  C
ARBAJAL , LUIS CORREA , R OKHANNA , and J
IMMY PANETTA . Tony was widely admired for his integrity, thoughtfulness, and effectiveness as a states-man and is fondly remembered for his warmth, caring, and engaging personality. To our great sadness, Tony passed away on March 5, 2017. Tony was born in New Rochelle, New York on October 26, 1932, and grew up in the New York City area. After obtaining a law degree from Harvard in 1957, Tony moved to Los An-geles to work in entertainment law. Soon after arriving in California, he sought out public service. In 1962, he was elected to the Cali-fornia State Assembly, and in 1966 to the State Senate, where he served until 1977. During his tenure in the Legislature, Tony rose to become chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and authored more than 200 laws, many of which served as models for laws in other states and at the federal level. In the U.S. House of Representatives, Tony served for nine terms on the Rules Committee and was the second most senior minority member at the time of his retirement. He also spent several terms on the Budget Committee and the Intelligence Committee, where he served as its chairman in 1989 and 1990. Tony was an outspoken and tireless advo-cate for the causes he believed in. He co- chaired the House’s Population Coalition, which advocated for strategies to help slow world population growth and improve maternal health. Serving at a time when efforts were in full swing to curb ballooning federal deficits and growing debt, Tony was a rare member who spoke out in favor of unpopular pro-posals. He introduced legislation to increase the excise tax on gasoline and called for steps to reduce spending on even the most popular programs. He believed that every federal pro-gram and tax benefit, no matter how popular, should be under consideration for cuts. Tony had a great affinity for the natural world and worked to save open space and protect critical habitats and endangered spe-cies. He was a leader in efforts to protect the world’s remaining African elephants and rhi-noceroses. Tony’s crowning environmental achievement was the establishment of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area. The for-mation of this park helped guarantee that tens of thousands of acres of land in the Los Ange-les metropolitan area would remain natural ha-vens of open space and continue to benefit the millions of people who live in Los Angeles and Ventura Counties. Tony authored the 1978 legislation that established the recreation area as a unit of the National Park System, and throughout his entire tenure in the House, he fought tirelessly for funding to acquire the recreation area’s park land and to promote the area’s success. After Tony retired, Congress passed legisla-tion to name the recreation area’s principal visitor center in his honor. This center, named the Anthony C. Beilenson Interagency Visitor Center, is located in the heart of the Santa Monica Mountains and orients visitors to the many features and offerings of the publicly ac-cessible federal, state, local and privately owned lands within the recreation area. Tony also secured funding over a period of years to create a 160-acre recreational park and a 60-acre wildlife refuge in the Sepulveda Flood Control Basin in the San Fernando Val-ley. A park there is also named in his honor. While Tony was a Harvard-trained lawyer with an impressive legislative record, he was a self-effacing person who gave ample credit to those involved in his causes and accom-plishments. He will be remembered for his ability to debate difficult and divisive issues in a highly respectful manner. We send our condolences to his wife Dolo-res, sons Adam and Peter, daughter Dayna, and nine grandchildren. 
f 
RED ROCKS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Red Rocks Community College as the 2016 winner of the Genesis Award from the Jeffco EDC. The Genesis Award recognizes an innova-tive and collaborative individual, city or organi-zation that has significantly contributed to Jef-ferson County’s economic vitality. Since 1969, Red Rocks Community College has delivered a high-quality education to an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MR8.001 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE368 March 23, 2017 
eclectic mix of students of all ages, incomes and backgrounds. Serving approximately 14,000 annual students, Red Rocks provides a convenient setting with formats ranging tra-ditional classroom, online, self-paced, and weekend classes and campuses in both Lake-wood and Arvada. Today, Red Rocks offers more than 150 programs and 650 courses leading to two-year degrees or professional certificates. Recently, Red Rocks expanded its campus in Arvada by adding 50,000 square feet for health careers, technologies, and science pro-grams. The $22.5 million expansion enables the community college to respond to the grow-ing workforce needs of the service area and provide access for students interested in the health and science industry. I extend my deepest congratulations to Red Rocks Community College for this well-de-served recognition from the Jeffco EDC. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. CHARLES ANTON GIRARDI 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and career of Mr. Charles Girardi. Mr. Girardi dedicated his life to being an educator and coach to many students, both in his home state of South Dakota as well as Merced and Fresno County. Throughout his life, he left a lasting legacy by teaching and in-spiring his students to become positive role models. Charles Girardi, known to many as Chuck, was born in Delcarbon, Colorado and grew up in Lead, South Dakota. In his youth, Mr. Girardi was an active and gifted athlete. He was an especially talented basketball player, which earned him an athletic scholarship to the University of South Dakota, Vermillion. In 1944, he enlisted in the United States Navy and served in the Pacific until the end of World War II. Mr. Girardi was awarded medals in the Asiatic-Pacific Area Campaign and World War II Victory for his honorable service. He returned to the University of South Dakota shortly after being honorably discharged in 1946 to continue his studies and play basket-ball. He later transferred to Fresno State and played basketball for the Bulldogs. Mr. Girardi was also a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsi-lon Fraternity. Mr. Girardi earned his bachelor’s degree from Fresno State in 1950 and obtained his master’s from Black Hills State College in Spearfish, South Dakota. He returned to Fres-no after being encouraged by his former Fres-no State coach to return for an opening coaching position. Mr. Girardi taught and coached at Roosevelt High School until 1974, when he began to work as an educator and coach at Merced College. During his career, he touched the lives of many students and took great pride in the accomplishments of his players. After retiring, Mr. Girardi enjoyed spending time with his family and playing golf. He also spent several months with his wife at their cabin in Black Hills, South Dakota, enjoying the familiar weather and his childhood environ-ment. Mr. Girardi is survived by his loving children, Cindy, Cathy, Janelle, Guido and Mike, his sister Olga Nelson, and his grandchildren Mi-chael, Stephen, Alexa, Austin, Frank, Xavier, and Sabrina. He was preceded in death by his devoted wife Mary Lou, his brothers George and Joseph, and his parents Giorgio and Angelina. He will be dearly missed. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and career of Mr. Chuck Girardi, a truly celebrated and inspira-tional individual in his community. As an edu-cator and coach in Merced and Fresno Coun-ty, his commitment to education will be appre-ciated for years to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERYL LYNETTE BRANCH MAXWELL 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sheryl Lynette Branch Maxwell, the 33rd Anniversary Honoree of The Daugh-ters of Sunset in Sikeston, Missouri. Fondly known throughout the State of Missouri as ‘‘Ms. Sherry,’’ Sheryl has continuously served the under-privileged and special needs youth and adults of the 8th Congressional District since 1979. Under Ms. Sherry’s watchful hand, a program called Kids’ Beat has grown tre-mendously. Kids Beat provides a safe and educational surrounding for underprivileged and special needs children, and has grown to cover 30 counties in Missouri. Ms. Sherry has also worked as Special Project Coordinator for the New Madrid County Health Department. In this role, Sheryl helped limited resource resi-dents and partnered with outside groups to generate additional resources for the program. Sheryl has been named to advisory commit-tees for three concurrent Missouri governors and spearheaded programs for the Lincoln University Cooperative Extension. Ms. Sherry even has a day named after her. January 20, 2013 was declared ‘‘Ms. Sherry Day’’ by the City of St. Louis and St. Louis County. At Cornerstone Baptist Church, Ms. Sherry served her community as a choir president, Sunday school teacher, church secretary and youth leader. Whether she is raising money for those less fortunate or counseling some-one through a rough time, Ms. Sherry has shown true leadership throughout our commu-nity. Today, I am honored to announce Ms. Sher-ry as the 33rd Anniversary Honoree of The Daughters of Sunset. Their mission is ‘‘Making a Difference,’’ and I cannot think of a more de-serving recipient than Sheryl Maxwell. Thank you, Ms. Sherry, for making a difference in the 8th Congressional District of Missouri. 
f 
PRIMUS AEROSPACE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Primus Aerospace for win-ning the 2016 Business Recognition Award from the Jeffco EDC. Primus Aerospace is a leading provider of high-precision, high-complexity machined com-ponents, kits and subassemblies for the aero-space, defense and space industries. Founded in 1999, Primus serves aerospace customers in North America, Europe and Asia with diver-sified and complex machined products, as-sembly services and engineering support. Pri-mus focuses on core principles of increased automation, unique capability, and extraor-dinary flexibility to their customers while offer-ing a broad array of manufacturing services in-cluding machining, assembly, testing, design support, welding, grinding, and finishing. Primus works hard to add new value every year to customers by continually expanding their services, improving their processes, and maintaining a strategy focused on our cus-tomers’ needs. This company continues to excel, exemplified by its ability to hire 30 new employees in 2016. I extend my deepest congratulations to Pri-mus Aerospace for this well-deserved recogni-tion from the Jeffco EDC. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I missed three votes due to a meeting at the White House with President Trump. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 182, NAY Roll Call No. 183, and YEA on Roll Call No. 184. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THE U.S. ARMY AIR FORCE 2ND LIEUTENANT JOHN DONALD MUMFORD 
HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a fallen hero who made the ultimate sacrifice for his country. Lost on the battle-fields of Europe during World War II, the re-mains of Army Air Force 2nd Lieutenant. John Donald Mumford have finally returned home to St. Petersburg, Florida. On June 6, 1944, the same morning U.S. forces stormed the beaches at Normandy, 2nd Lt. Mumford bravely led a squadron of B–17 Flying Fortress bombers on a successful air raid over Germany. Returning to base, his plane was attacked by 10 Nazi warplanes, sent crashing into Ukrainian farmland. A mor-tally wounded 2nd Lt. Mumford was last re-ported seen by Romanian villagers in 1944, 73 years ago. Cold War tensions prevented the timely re-covery of 2nd Lt. Mumford’s body. But the his-torical office at the Department of Defense never gave up. They began anew the search for 2nd Lt. Mumford’s remains, and from 2007 to 2016, the POW/MIA Accounting Agency in-vestigated the alleged crash site, ultimately finding proof of a downed WWII-era U.S. air-craft. With help from Ukrainian Armed Forces and local farmers, they uncovered the remains of 2nd Lt. Mumford. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MR8.003 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE369 March 23, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, the United States of America never leaves a fallen soldier behind. When brothers Ronald and Lynn Woolums stood on the Tampa International Airport tarmac last week to accept the remains of their uncle, 2nd Lt. John Donald Mumford, it represented a proud tradition that defines who we are as a people. I want to express my gratitude for the De-fense Department’s investigation team who made this day possible. 2nd Lt. Mumford is an American hero, and his family should beam with pride at his sacrifice. And what an amaz-ing story to pass along from generation to generation—we honor our men and women in uniform by never forgetting. Mr. Speaker, we salute Army Air Forces 2nd Lieutenant John Donald Mumford, and all the men and women who have given their lives protecting the freedoms we so dearly cherish. God bless our troops, and God bless America. 
f 
NEW TERRAIN BREWERY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize New Terrain Brewery for winning the 2016 Business Recognition Award from the Jeffco EDC. In 2016, New Terrain Brewery opened on Table Mountain Parkway featuring a 2,000- square-foot taproom, an outdoor beer garden, and a 15,000 square foot production facility with a thirty-barrel brew house. The New Ter-rain team brings their curiosity to the science of beer making, working to produce small batch, high quality, and creative beers. With the motto of ‘‘what if we try this way’’, the team continues to create, innovate and ex-plore new terrain. I extend my deepest congratulations to New Terrain Brewery for this well-deserved recogni-tion from the Jeffco EDC. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALTER-NATIVES FOR GIRLS’ 30TH ANNI-VERSARY ON THE DATE OF ITS 2017 ROLE MODEL DINNER 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alternatives for Girls on the date of its 2017 Role Model dinner. Alternatives for Girls provides critical outreach and support to at-risk youth to help them grow strong and make positive choices to improve their lives. Founded in 1987 to provide shelter and care for at-risk girls in Detroit, Alternatives for Girls began as an all-volunteer organization that op-erated a five-bed emergency shelter in a De-troit-area church. As a result of the organiza-tion’s success and impact, AFG has grown significantly in an attempt to fulfill its mission to empower and improve the lives of dis-advantaged young women. Today, Alter-natives for Girls has over 50 employees and operates multiple services on behalf of De-troit’s at-risk youth. These include after-school programs for young women in elementary school, several shelter programs to provide stable homes and counseling, and outreach services to help teens and young women en-gaged in high-risk activities like gang involve-ment and drug use. This comprehensive ap-proach to supporting young women in need has been effective in empowering these indi-viduals to make positive choices and create a brighter future for themselves. Over the past 25 years, AFG has served over 105,000 at-risk girls, women and family members. Additionally, 99 percent of the young women participating in AFG’s Preven-tion Program have graduated high school and gone on to college. These results underscore the impact that AFG’s multidisciplinary and evidence-based approaches to reducing harm-ful behavior have had for at-risk youth in-volved in the program. Additionally, AFG’s out-reach efforts have been critical to raising awareness of the issues these young women face and driving action in state and local gov-ernment. The progress that AFG has made in improving the lives of young girls has been re-markable and inspiring, and it is my hope that the organization continues its critical work in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Alternatives for Girls’ 30th anniver-sary on the date of its 2017 Role Model Din-ner. The efforts of the group have impacted the lives of countless young women in metro Detroit. f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CAMBRIA COUNTY FARM BUREAU 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Cambria County Farm Bu-reau in Pennsylvania’s 9th and 12th Congres-sional Districts for reaching a huge milestone: its 50th Anniversary. The Cambria County Farm Bureau is a grassroots organization consisting of members from the local agricultural community who help develop and implement policy for the Pennsyl-vania Farm Bureau. Since its founding in 1967, the Cambria County Farm Bureau has been instrumental in providing legislative outreach and information and services for area farmers and rural fami-lies. It plays a critical role in representing the local agricultural industry on a wide variety of issues impacting it at the federal and state lev-els. Cambria County has a rich tradition of farm-ing that is being upheld today by hundreds of local farms that help feed and nourish the citi-zens of Pennsylvania, our nation, and those around the world. The Cambria County Farm Bureau will be celebrating its 50th Anniversary with a dinner in Carrolltown on March 29th that includes guest speakers Vincent ‘‘Zippy’’ Duvall, Presi-dent of the American Farm Bureau Federation and Rick Ebert, President of Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. As such, it is with great pleasure that I con-gratulate the Cambria County Farm Bureau and its dedicated members on this 50th Anni-versary milestone, and wish them an even brighter future. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 182, 183, 184, 185, 186 and 187. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on votes 183, 184, 185 and 187. I would have voted Nay on votes 182 and 186. 
f 
ADAPT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize ADAPT as the 2016 winner of the Genesis Award from the Jeffco EDC. The Genesis Award recognizes an innova-tive and collaborative individual, city or organi-zation that has significantly contributed to Jef-ferson County’s economic vitality. The Alliance for the Development of Addi-tive Processing Technologies (ADAPT) is a re-search and development organization dedi-cated to the development of next-generation data and advanced technologies for additive manufacturing technologies. Their technology helps industry and government qualify, stand-ardize, assess, and optimize advanced manu-facturing processes and parts. Industry part-ners such as Faustson Tools, Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corporation, and Lockheed- Martin Space Systems came together to help support and secure a grant from the Colorado Office of Economic Development and Inter-national Trade (OEDIT) to establish ADAPT in December 2015. This world-class program is headquartered at Colorado School of Mines where students and post-doctoral researchers specifically work to improve nickel-based and titanium-based alloy 3D printing with work from Mines students and post-doctoral re-searchers. I extend my deepest congratulations to ADAPT for this well-deserved recognition from the Jeffco EDC. 
f 
H.R. 1252, THE DHS ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES ACT OF 2017 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the cost estimate from the Congres-sional Budget Office regarding H.R. 1252. The cost estimate was not available at the time of the filing of the Committee report. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, March 22, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.005 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE370 March 23, 2017 
estimate for H.R. 1252, the DHS Acquisition Authorities Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, M
ARKP. H ADLEY  (For Keith Hall). Enclosure. H.R. 1252—DHS Acquisition Authorities Act of 2017 H.R. 1252 would specify which offices in the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) headquarters have responsibility for acquisi-tion programs. Based on information from DHS, CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 1252 would cost less than $500,000 annually; such spending would be subject to the avail-ability of appropriated funds. Enacting the legislation would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay- as-you-go procedures do not apply. CBO esti-mates that enacting H.R. 1252 would not in-crease net direct spending or on-budget defi-cits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1252 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or trib-al governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAROL GOSS FOR RECEIVING THE ALTER-NATIVES FOR GIRLS’ ROLE MODEL AWARD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carol Goss, community activist and recipient of the Alternatives for Girls’ 2017 Role Model award. Ms. Goss has helped revi-talize the city of Detroit and the surrounding area through her work with the Skillman Foun-dation and other community organizations. Ms. Goss has been an outstanding advo-cate for vulnerable women and children. After receiving a Master’s in Social Work from the University of Michigan, Ms. Goss worked for the Stuart Foundation and W.K. Kellogg Foun-dation as a program manager in support of child welfare efforts. In 1998, Ms. Goss joined the Skillman Foundation, an organization that provides grants to support education, safety and youth development initiatives on behalf of children in Detroit. After distinguishing herself as a senior program officer, Ms. Goss was named President and CEO of the foundation, where she served until 2013. After her retire-ment from the Skillman Foundation, Ms. Goss participated in Harvard’s Advanced Leadership Initiative and continues to serve on the boards of directors of several nonprofits, including the Detroit Children’s Fund and Safe Routes to Schools the National Partnership. Ms. Goss’s work has impacted countless lives around the country. During her tenure at the Skillman Foundation, Ms. Goss was re-sponsible for spearheading the Good Neigh-borhoods Initiative, a ten-year, $100 million ef-fort to improve outcomes for children and revi-talize six neighborhoods in Detroit. This pro-gram leveraged public-private partnerships to expand access to high-quality youth develop-ment initiatives in these neighborhoods. This comprehensive, evidence-based offering played a critical role in providing resources to those in need and helped revitalize the city. It is my hope that Ms. Goss continues to build on this success through her continued involve-ment in Detroit-area nonprofit organizations. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Carol Goss for receiving the Alter-natives for Girls’ 2017 Role Model Award. Ms. Goss’s impactful leadership has played an in-strumental role in providing opportunity and improving the well-being of Detroit’s residents. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE CORPORAL (CPL) DUSTIN JEROME LEE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi Marine Corporal (CPL) Dustin Jerome Lee who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on March 21, 2007, during Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom III. CPL Lee died from wounds he received during a mortar attack while on a combat mission in Fallujah, Anbar Province, Iraq. CPL Lee was assigned to the Third Recon Battalion, II Marine Expeditionary Force. Prior to his deployment, CPL Lee was assigned to Headquarters Battalion, Marine Corps Logis-tics Base in Albany, Georgia. After graduating from Quitman High School in 2004, he joined the Marines. CPL Lee was described as a du-tiful son who led a Christian life, and always looked for the good in people. CPL Lee’s friends say he always wanted to serve his country. CPL Lee also had great skills working with animals. While in Iraq, CPL Lee served as the Patrol Explosive Detector Dog handler. Lex, a Military Working Dog, was wounded in the mortar attack that killed CPL Lee. His parents, Jerome and Rachel Lee, were allowed to adopt the bomb-sniffing dog with help from U.S. Representative W
ALTER JONES (R–NC). After Lex’ s retirement from military service, he was taken to VA hospitals and retirement homes to comfort veterans. CPL Lee’s bond with Lex and his expert dog-handling skills will forever be remembered at the Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany, where the kennel has been named in his honor. At his funeral, more than 100 members of The Patriot Guard attended along with local high school ROTC members. Law enforce-ment officers traveled from all across Mis-sissippi to pay their respects. CPL Lee’s com-mander, Colonel Chris Halliday described CPL Lee as a special person who fit into the Ma-rine Corps and its commitment to excellence and dedication to the country. AMERICAN HEALTH CARE PROPOSAL HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my constituent, Jill Job Saxby, I’d like to in-clude in the R
ECORD her proposal for evalu-ating the ethics of any health care plan that potentially risks access to care for millions of Americans. I submit that the American Health Care Act does not fulfill these considerations and I urge my colleagues to take seriously the ethical implications of their vote. 
Under this proposal, will more of the most vulnerable Americans be able to access qual-ity, affordable health care? Health care is a basic and universal human need, which, if denied, harms persons and di-minishes the community. The most vulner-able are those with the least power, status and resources in society. In the case of health care, the most vulnerable are those who suffer poorer health and shorter life ex-pectancy because of poverty and social in-equities that create barriers to accessing quality medical care and all the other con-tributors to good health (clean environment, healthy food, paid sick leave, reliable child- care and transportation). The most vulner-able would also include those with pre-exist-ing conditions and lack of access to preven-tive care. The Golden Rule Test: Am I willing to trade places with those whose lives will be most profoundly affected by this proposal? The Golden Rule is found in all major world religions. It rests on the moral asser-tions that: 1) every human life has inherent worth and dignity and 2) because we are all in relationship with one another, my actions (or inactions) towards others have moral consequences for myself and for the larger community. The Golden Rule requires us to respond to suffering not merely with charity, but with justice. Charity is given by those who can af-ford it, out of surplus. Justice requires living in right-relationship with all persons, at all times. A just proposal will decrease social inequities and assure a single standard of care, with equal accessibility, to all persons. Does this proposal treat health care as a fundamental human need giving rise to a human right to care and alleviation of suf-fering? Health care is a basic and universal human need. Meeting that need is a precursor to a person’s ability to exercise and enjoy the in-alienable rights that our nation has recog-nized from the beginning: life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. There is a compelling ethical argument to be made that health care, by its very nature, should not be treated as a commodity to be bought and sold. We already recognize this in some of our long-standing public policies: We do not allow the purchase and sale of human organs for transplant. We have strict rules governing human clinical trials. We provide charity care. We restrict the freedom of sell-ers by regulating providers’ education and li-censing. We protect buyers with privacy laws. Such laws recognize that health care intersects with a dimension of human exist-ence that is universally worthy of protection against the forces of the free market. Therefore, we must ask: how does it ad-dress the downside of free market forces, es-pecially rising inequality? Who benefits? Who loses? Does it prioritize profits (a mar-ket good) or human health/alleviation of suf-fering (a common good and a human right)? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.009 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE371 March 23, 2017 
CHURCH RANCH PROPERTIES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Church Ranch Properties as the 2016 winner of the Pioneer Award from the Jeffco EDC. The Pioneer Award is given each year to a Jefferson County company that is a leader within its industry and has contributed signifi-cant and sustained growth to Jefferson Coun-ty’s economy. Founded in 1869, Westminster-based Church Ranch Properties has decades of con-struction and finance experience. The com-pany has filled a much-needed economic gap in the metro north area and continues to be actively engaged in high-quality development projects in cities such as Westminster, Arvada, Broomfield, and throughout Jefferson County. I extend my deepest congratulations to Church Ranch Properties for this well-de-served recognition from the Jeffco EDC. 
f 
H.R. 1294, THE REDUCING DHS ACQUISITION COST GROWTH ACT 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the cost estimate from the Congres-sional Budget Office regarding H.R. 1294. The cost estimate was not available at the time of the filing of the Committee report. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, March 22, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 1294, the Reducing DHS Ac-quisition Cost Growth Act. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them, The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, M
ARKP. H ADLEY  (For Keith Hall). Enclosure. H.R. 1294—Reducing DHS Acquisition Cost Growth Act H.R. 1294 would specify procedures to be followed by the Department of Homeland Se-curity (DHS) if it fails to meet certain timelines or other performance parameters for its major acquisition programs. Based on information from DHS, CBO estimates that the new administrative procedures would cost less than $500,000 annually; such spend-ing would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Enacting the legislation would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay- as-you-go procedures do not apply. CBO esti-mates that enacting H.R. 1294 would not in-crease net direct spending or on-budget defi-cits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1294 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or trib-al governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Orabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f IN RECOGNITION OF FREDERIC B. PRESBREY 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Frederic B. Presbrey on the oc-casion of his retirement from the Housing As-sistance Corporation in Hyannis, Massachu-setts. Frederic, or Rick as he is known to friends, family, and colleagues, founded the Housing Assistance Corporation in December of 1974 with the intention of finding and securing hous-ing for those who need it most. Rick’s advo-cacy has not only helped to create five shelter programs and 484 units of affordable housing across the Cape and Islands but led to the es-tablishment of the Consumer Education De-partment. This department has been instru-mental in educating first-time home buyers since 1990. In addition, Rick created the Housing Consumer Education Center to give Massachusetts residents access to housing counselors for vital information on buying, owning, developing or renting real estate. Fur-ther, Rick’s astute leadership has led to the creation of over thirty programs and services aimed not only at helping individuals find housing but also to maintain secure, safe, and stable homes. Rick has shaped how we on Cape Cod and in the Commonwealth view housing needs. He has personally worked with state, local, and federal officials and other community stake-holders to help resolve numerous housing concerns and has served as an invaluable re-source for policymakers and home seekers alike. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Frederic B. Presbrey for his service and achievements on this occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him a happy retirement and many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
DOWN RIVER EQUIPMENT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Down River Equipment for winning the 2016 Business Recognition Award from the Jeffco EDC. For more than 30 years, Down River Equip-ment has been manufacturing and distributing a full line of high-quality river equipment in-cluding rafts, catarafts, inflatable kayaks, stand up paddleboards and canoes. Based in Wheat Ridge, Down River Equipment is known for their quality frames that are 100 percent made in Colorado along with their dry boxes, tables, pumps and a variety of cargo gear. Owned by sports enthusiasts and operated by an experi-enced and knowledgeable staff, the company is known for their craftsmanship and passion. In particular, they specialize in custom fabrica-tion, distribution and retail of equipment for all types of river adventures. I extend my deepest congratulations to Down River Equipment for this well-deserved recognition from the Jeffco EDC. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (SFC) CHRISTOPHER LEE ROBINSON 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class (SFC) Christopher Lee Robinson who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on March 25, 2006, during Operation Enduring Freedom. SFC Robinson was wounded during an ambush in Helmond Prov-ince, Afghanistan. Master Sergeant Reese Robbins, a Pelahatchie resident, who was in-jured during the attack, accompanied Robin-son’s body back to the United States. SFC Robinson was the first Mississippi National Guard soldier to die in Afghanistan. SFC Robinson was assigned to the 27th Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group, Mis-sissippi Army National Guard, Jackson, Mis-sissippi. SFC Robinson, a Madison County resident, joined the Army after graduating from Madison-Ridgeland High School in 1987. He followed in the footsteps of his father, George Robinson, who also served in the Army. SFC Robinson was previously deployed with his Special Forces unit to Haiti, Honduras and Panama among other countries. ‘‘We once again are painfully reminded of the high cost of freedom,’’ Major General (ret.) Harold Cross, Adjutant General of the Mis-sissippi National Guard, said. ‘‘Chris was one of our state’s and nation’s finest, and he will be greatly missed.’’ He is survived by his wife, Tamara Robbins and their children Savanah and Patrick. ‘‘He just loved everything about military service,’’ Tamara said. ‘‘He wanted to do something for our country. There was never a question about it. Our children are so proud of him.’’ SFC Robinson devoted his life to the safety of our nation. He will always be remembered for his service and deep love for family and friends. ‘‘Chris consistently displayed bravery by vol-unteering for hard deployments and dan-gerous missions,’’ said Sergeant Major (ret.) Mike Patterson, who served with SFC Robin-son. ‘‘Chris had the ability to handle combat in a very deliberate way, yet remain compas-sionate for people and the unintended con-sequences of war thrust upon human beings.’’ The first sentence in The Creed of the Non-commissioned Officer, ‘‘No one is more pro-fessional than I’’, describes the level of com-petence and professionalism that Chris main-tained throughout his life in and out of uniform. As a Special Forces, Green Beret soldier, SFC Robinson was truly the best of the best. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR8.007 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE372 March 23, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF CINDY ESTRADA FOR RECEIVING THE ALTERNATIVES FOR GIRLS’ ROLE MODEL AWARD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Cindy Estrada, Vice President of the United Auto Workers and recipient of the Al-ternatives for Girls’ 2017 Role Model award. Ms. Estrada has fought tirelessly for working Americans for her entire career and spear-headed many community programs to benefit working men and women. Ms. Estrada began her career as labor or-ganizer after graduating from the University of Michigan. After successful assignments as an organizer for Detroit-based Mexican Industries and the United Farm Workers, Ms. Estrada was appointed to the UAW International Union’s organizing staff in 2000. After over-seeing development and implementation of UAW organizing strategy for several years, Ms. Estrada was elected as UAW vice presi-dent in 2010 and reelected to a second term in 2014. She currently leads the General Mo-tors Department of UAW, negotiating on be-half of approximately 48,500 union workers. Ms. Estrada has brought a lifetime of experi-ence championing working families to this role, as well as a deep understanding of the chal-lenges workers face in competing in a global marketplace. Ms. Estrada’s efforts have led to better pay and working conditions for tens of thousands of American workers. In addition to leading the contract negotiations with major automotive suppliers like Johnson Controls and Dana In-corporated, Ms. Estrada has also worked on behalf of the 17,000 UAW-represented work-ers employed by the State of Michigan. These campaigns have resulted in real gains for workers, including providing for increased pay and robust health benefits. Ms. Estrada is known for her tough negotiating ability, and her tenacity has served as a model for labor relations in the automotive industry. She is dedicated to ensuring workers’ voices are rep-resented at the negotiating table and forging consensus that protect their interests. It is my hope that Ms. Estrada is able to continue to lead the UAW in working constructively to en-sure that American workers and manufacturing prosper in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Cindy Estrada for receiving the Al-ternatives for Girls’ 2017 Role Model Award. Ms. Estrada has dedicated her career to championing social justice for all people and is deserving of this prestigious award. 
f 
FEDERAL EXPRESS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Federal Express for win-ning the 2016 Business Recognition Award from the Jeffco EDC. Founded in 1965, Federal Express—or FedEx—is a leader in e-commerce and busi-ness solutions. The company has air, ground and sea networks covering more than 220 countries and territories, linking more than 99 percent of the world’s GDP. Recently, FedEx became the first company to locate to the Verve Innovation Park at the Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport (RMMA). The 216,000 square foot build-to-suit distribu-tion center occupies 26 acres and will bring more than $16 million in new capital invest-ment and 144 jobs to unincorporated Jefferson County. I extend my deepest congratulations to Fed-eral Express for this well-deserved recognition from the Jeffco EDC. f 
CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS ATTEND INAUGURATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a group of ambitious students from Central High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Since Central High School was chartered in 1836 and opened in 1838, it has established a rep-utation and a rich history that sets it apart from other high schools in Pennsylvania and throughout the United States. Central High School offers many prestigious academic opportunities for their students, in-cluding the International Baccalaureate Pro-gram, Advanced Placement courses, and dual enrollment programs. They value curiosity, high academic achievement, inclusive extra- curricular activities and service, which are es-sential to cultivating a student’s overall posi-tive experience. The school’s dedication to building a cohesive path for their students is, in part, why I was grateful for the privilege to provide several Central High School students with the unique opportunity to attend the presi-dential inauguration on January 20, 2017. The inauguration welcomed Avery Adeshigbin, Romie Azor, David Bango, Chris Bruch, Monet Bunch, Jasmine Duong, Sh-Mya Durham, Darnell Faison, Michael Granovskiy, Lindsay Holmes, Kayla Jaquay-Davis, Morgan Mifflin, Tamika Miles, Han Nguyen, Sorya Noun, Aliyyah Ouattara, Sundus Pervez, Aniyah Pinkney, Kristian Rhim, Bruno Sauli, Kejsi Shahaj, Sahmir Thompson, Krystal Torres, Tiffany Tran, David Weihe, Marguerite Faison, William Graham, Michael Horwits, Ashley Zeserman, and Patrick Elgert. The hard work these students put towards their academics and their unwavering commit-ment to civic engagement is inspiring. I hope their curiosity and tenacity persists in future endeavors and they continue to make an im-portant difference throughout my home state of Pennsylvania. 
f 
H.R. 1249, THE DHS MULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY ACT OF 2017 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the cost estimate from the Congres-sional Budget Office regarding H.R. 1249. The cost estimate was not available at the time of the filing of the Committee report. U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, March 22, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 1249, the DHS Multiyear Acquisition Strategy Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, M
ARKP. H ADLEY , (For Keith Hall, Director). Enclosure. H.R. 1249—DHS Multiyear Acquisition Strategy Act of 2017 H.R. 1249 would require the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), within one year of enactment, to submit to the Congress a report on the department’s comprehensive strategy for acquisitions. The act would di-rect the Government Accountability Office to review that report within 180 days of its submission. Based on information from DHS and the cost of similar activities, CBO esti-mates that the reports required by H.R. 1249 would cost about $1 million in fiscal year 2018 and less than $500,000 in 2019; such spend-ing would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Enacting the legislation would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay- as-you-go procedures do not apply. CBO esti-mates that enacting H.R. 1249 would not in-crease net direct spending or on-budget defi-cits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1249 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or trib-al governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f 
METRO WEST HOUSING SOLUTIONS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Metro West Housing Solu-tions for winning the 2016 Chairman’s Choice Award from the Jeffco EDC. Metro West Housing Solutions (MWHS) was established in 1974 as the Lakewood Housing Authority (LHA) to address the community’s shortage of sufficient, decent, safe, affordable and sanitary homes for its residents. During the 1970s and 1980s, the LHA developed af-fordable housing programs for Lakewood resi-dents including: implementation and manage-ment of the Section 8 program, purchase of dilapidated property and rehabilitation for sale to first time home buyers, and acquisition of affordable rental options. In the late 1990s and 2000s, the organiza-tion continued to grow into a multi-faceted de-veloper, property manager, and service pro-ducer. LHA began managing its own prop-erties, acquiring and rehabbing apartment complexes, and developing its own newly con-structed apartment communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.016 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE373 March 23, 2017 
In 2008, LHA rebranded as Metro West Housing Solutions to reflect its evolving mis-sion. Today, MWHS remains a fiscally respon-sible, well respected non-profit and is known locally and nationally for its housing and serv-ice delivery. Current projects include the City-Scape at Belmar, Lamar Station Crossing and 5800 W. Alameda. I extend my deepest congratulations to Metro West Housing Solutions for this well-de-served recognition from the Jeffco EDC. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONOR-ABLE JOHN GILCREST O’ROURKE 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and accomplishments of the Honorable John Gilcrest O’Rourke, a former judge and active member of the community in Hanford, California, who sadly passed away on March 9, 2017 at the age of 82. Mr. O’Rourke was born January 11, 1935 in Hanford, California. After graduating from Lemoore High School, he went on to attend the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana. While a student at Notre Dame, Mr. O’Rourke met his wife, Joan, and the couple married January 3, 1959. The couple had five children, Peggy, John, Katie, Ellen, and Thom-as. In 1956, after graduating from the University of Notre Dame, Mr. O’Rourke was commis-sioned an Ensign in the U.S. Navy. While in the U.S. Navy, he served as a Fuel Quality Control Officer in Guam, sailed on a destroyer in the Pacific during Eniwetok atomic testing, and conducted patrol operations in the Strait of Formosa in Taiwan. After twenty-seven dedicated years of service, Mr. O’Rourke re-tired from the U.S. Navy as Captain, U.S. Navy Reserves. John’s successful legal career began at the University of California Hastings College of Law, San Francisco in 1960. He was admitted to the State Bar of California in 1965 and began his law practice as an attorney with Clawson and Jennings in Hanford and Lemoore. He was appointed and elected Dis-trict Attorney, County of Kings in 1966, and served until 1979. Mr. O’Rourke left his judge-ship to serve in private practice until 1985, when he was later sworn in as a Judge of the Municipal Court for the County of Kings. He was later sworn in as a judge in the Superior Court in 2001 for the county and state. While serving as a Judge, Mr. O’Rourke was known for his strong belief in the law, the Constitution and personal responsibility. In 2003, he retired the only way he knew how, and immediately began participating in the California Retired Judge Program, having last sat on the bench in December of 2016. John was truly a staple of the community and was known for his visibility and activity in Hanford. He felt his status as a judge gave him a greater obligation to give back to his community, and he was often seen scrubbing pots, making pancakes, and cleaning up at events and fundraisers. John held leadership positions across the community, where he was a Minister and lector for St. Brigid’s Parish, a Grand Knight of the Knights of Columbus, a Rotarian, school parent volunteer for McCarthy School, Hanford High volunteer, and a mem-ber of the YMCA Board, among many others. Despite his many great achievements and long list of volunteer work, above all Mr. O’Rourke was known for being humble. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and achievements of Mr. John Gilcrest O’Rourke. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this difficult time. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE CORPS FIRST LIEUTENANT (1LT) THERREL SHANE CHILDERS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Marine Corps First Lieutenant (1LT) Therrel Shane Childers who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on March 21, 2003, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. 1LT Childers was killed dur-ing an assault on a pumping station in Iraq. He was the first American casualty in Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom III. 1LT Childers grew up in a military family in Harrison County, Mississippi. After high school, 1LT Childers enrolled in the Marine Enlisted Commissioning Education Program at The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina. Seven months after his death, a me-morial service and parade were held there. 1LT Childers’ family members donated money from the Shane Childers Memorial Fund to the university that day. 1LT Childers was described as a born lead-er. 1LT Childers also served in the 1991 Gulf War. At the time of his death, 1LT Childers was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, Camp Pen-dleton, California. 1LT Childers devoted his life to the defense of our country. His leadership on the battlefield will always be remembered. 
f 
FIREARM RISK PROTECTION ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reintroduce the Firearm Risk Protection Act, innovative legisla-tion to promote safe gun ownership I first in-troduced in 2013. Too often, our communities are left looking for answers after horrific tragedies inflicted with dangerous firearms. Every day, 48 chil-dren and teens die from gun violence, and too often because of preventable accidents. A requirement to carry liability insurance is a market-based solution that would hold gun owners responsible for the risk their firearms present, and create incentives for responsible gun safety practices. The Firearm Risk Protection Act would har-ness the power of insurance markets to allow professional actuaries to determine the risk presented by each gun and gun owner. Just as with car insurance, higher-risk owners or firearms would face higher premiums, while responsible owners could qualify for reduced rates. As gun violence continues to claim lives across the country, Congress should look for new ways to promote gun safety and prevent future tragedies. I hope my colleagues will join me to support this forward-thinking legislation. f 
GUNSLINGER CUSTOM PAINT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gunslinger Custom Paint for winning the 2016 Business Recognition Award from the Jeffco EDC. In 2003, Gunslinger Custom Paint was founded by Jeff Theisen and Dave Call as a sister company to Pearl Auto Body. Theisen and Call founded Gunslinger with the purpose of creating impressive, eye-catching designs that combine custom paint with unique fabrica-tion concepts to meet the needs and desires of motorcyclists. Using nationally known de-signers, airbrush artists and pin stripers, Gunslinger ensures excellence and creativity and can range from innovative, wild designs to more mild designs with custom colors and ef-fects. The company is known for its cutting- edge artwork and is a Tier 1 supplier for the largest motorcycle company in the United States. Recently, Gunslinger added a third fa-cility on Pine Ridge Road in Golden. I extend my deepest congratulations to Gunslinger Custom Paint for this well-de-served recognition from the Jeffco EDC. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DEPUTY CHIEF DANIEL PEREZ JR. 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Deputy Chief Daniel Perez Jr. on the oc-casion of his retirement from the Salinas’ Sheriff office after serving the public for 32 years. An outstanding officer and citizen, Dep-uty Chief Daniel Perez Jr. has dedicated much of his life to safeguarding the community of Salinas County. In addition to his time as an officer of the law, Daniel Perez is a strong voice in many nonprofit organizations and within his own community. Dan was born and raised in Salinas and is a graduate of Alisal High School. He has a de-gree from Hartnell College in Criminal Justice, a Bachelor’s Degree in Organizational Behav-ior from the University of San Francisco, and a Master’s Degree in Human Resources from Chapman University. He is a graduate of the POST Supervisory Leadership Institute and POST Command College. He’s received sev-eral awards and recognitions throughout his 32-year career. Deputy Chief Dan Perez began his law en-forcement career in 1984 with the Monterey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MR8.010 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE374 March 23, 2017 
Co. Sheriff’s Dept. as a Level II Reserve dep-uty working patrol, and special events. He was hired full-time as a Patrol Deputy in May of 1995. He attended the Alameda County Police Academy in Pleasanton, CA., graduating No. 2 overall in his class. During his career at MCSO, he worked out of the Salinas, and King City stations. He attained the rank of Corporal/FTO, and also worked as a Coro-ner’s Investigator. He was on the Sheriff’s SWAT team and Riot Control Team. He worked for the Sheriff’s Office until February 1, 1992. Dan joined the Salinas Police Department on February 2, 1992. He’s held many assign-ments in his career to include patrol officer, field training officer, and SWAT team member. He was promoted to Police Corporal in 1993 and Police Sergeant in 1995. In addition to pa-trol, he’s been the sergeant of the Violence Suppression Unit, Personnel and Training Unit, and Traffic Unit. He was promoted to Lieutenant in 2001 and later to Police Commander in 2005. He has managed units and programs in all three divi-sions of the police department: Patrol, Inves-tigations, and Administration. He served as an Area Commander, Tactical Commander, and Incident Commander throughout these assign-ments. He was then promoted to Deputy Chief in 2013, and is currently the Investigations Di-vision Chief. Dan has been active in the community throughout his entire career. He has volun-teered his time towards programs and commit-tees such as explorers, school yearbook com-mittees, and youth and high school football, basketball, and baseball programs. He sat on the board of directors of three local non-profit agencies: The Salinas Police Activities League (PAL), Sun Street Centers, and Second Chance Youth and Family Services. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the dedication and hard work Deputy Chief Daniel Perez Jr. has done for others during his time serving with the Salinas Police De-partment. I ask my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing the selflessness service of Deputy Chief Daniel Perez Jr. and to con-gratulate him on his well-earned retirement. I extend my personal appreciation to Deputy Chief Daniel Perez Jr. for his service to his community. 
f 
HONORING INDUCTION OF RICH-ARD CHILDRESS INTO THE NASCAR HALL OF FAME 
HON. TED BUDD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the racing legend Richard Childress upon his induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. Richard Childress’ iconic career began 50 years ago when he bought his 1947 Plymouth for $20 at the age of 17. That simple moment in time was a pinpoint in history that would ig-nite Childress’ passion for motorsports leaving an imprint on NASCAR fans across the coun-try. As a driver, Mr. Childress laid claim to (6) top 5 and (76) top 10 finishes. In 1981, Mr. Childress climbed out of the driver’s seat and into the owner’s role full time. Beginning as a one-man operation, Childress has grown his organization to more than 500 employees. His cars have compiled over 100 victories and 2,588 major series starts. In 1981 he kicked his team’s perform-ance into overdrive when he paired up with late great Dale Earnhardt, who was part of the inaugural NASCAR Hall of Fame class. The duo would become known as one of the most successful partnerships in NASCAR, winning a total of six Cup championships together. Mr. Childress has a total 11 Cup Championships and counting, putting him second on the all- time list for owners. Childress’ legacy is not exclusive to NASCAR. Following his racing career, he re-mains an active member of the North Carolina community. In 2008, the Childress family began working with Wake Forest Baptist Med-ical Center and subsequently founded the Childress Institute for Pediatric Trauma after discovering that pediatric trauma was the number one killer of children in the United States. Mr. Childress’ contributions and accomplish-ments to the sport and his community deserve to be celebrated and honored. Mr. Childress’ induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame not only speaks to his incredible achievements in stock car racing, but also to his character, business acumen, and his drive to succeed and win. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Richard Childress and his entire family and organization on his induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. f 
TRIBUTE TO BRENDA GALVEZ— CALIFORNIA’S 24TH CONGRES-SIONAL WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Every year, we give special recognition to the accomplish-ments and sacrifices made by America’s women. I consider it an honor to highlight the extraordinary women who are making a dif-ference in my District. I would like to recognize one outstanding woman, Brenda Galvez, of Los Alamos, California. Brenda serves her community as a bilingual translator for the Orcutt Union School District at several school sites, but plays a particularly important role at Olga Reed School in Los Al-amos, where she has been part of the staff for several years and is beloved by both parents and students. Los Alamos is an agricultural community and leans on Brenda to serve as a liaison between the schools and Spanish speaking parents. Her expertise is utilized at Special Edu-cation IEP meetings, where having a translator for the parents and service providers is vital for student success. Brenda continues to aid her community by being the sole founder of Padres en Accio´n, a committee whose mission is to keep Spanish speaking parents informed about school matters. Brenda goes above and beyond by also helping on the school playgrounds, the admin-istration offices, and the cafeterias. There is no doubt that Brenda embodies the credo of her school district ‘‘where a dedicated staff means kids come first.’’ She serves as an instrumental lifeline to the Los Alamos community and has selflessly served her students. I ask all Members to join me today in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 24th Congressional District, Brenda Galvez, for her incredible service to her community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. ROSE-MARY SARRI FOR RECEIVING THE ALTERNATIVES FOR GIRLS’ ROLE MODEL AWARD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Rosemary Sarri, a distinguished scholar and recipient of the Alternatives for Girls’ 2017 Role Model award. Ms. Sarri’s groundbreaking social science research has contributed to a better understanding of crimi-nal justice and child welfare while helping ad-vance social welfare policies that benefit Michigan families. After receiving her doctorate in Social Work and Sociology from the University of Michigan, Dr. Sarri was named an assistant professor at the University in 1962. Throughout her career, Dr. Sarri was recognized as a leading expert on social policy and poverty among families and children. Her research has focused on the long-term impact of incarceration on individ-uals, as well as the effects of poverty on fami-lies and children. In addition to having pub-lished extensive research on these issues, Dr. Sarri has consulted with numerous nonprofits, think tanks and national governments, includ-ing those of Australia and South Korea. She also has extensive international teaching ex-perience, including training faculty at schools of social work in China. Dr. Sarri’s work had transformed our under-standing of family welfare and has allowed us to enact policies that target the underlying fac-tors that create poverty and modernize crimi-nal justice to reduce recidivism. She has worked with the Michigan Department of Human Services as well as the Michigan Col-laborative on Juvenile Justice to translate her research into actionable policy at the state level. Additionally, Dr. Sarri has received many accolades for her innovative research, includ-ing the University of Michigan Distinguished Faculty Achievement Award and the National Association of Social Workers’ Presidential Award for Research. Dr. Sarri continues to hold a position with the University of Michi-gan’s Institute for Social Research, and her re-search has inspired a new generation of scholars in the fields of social work and family policy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. Rosemary Sarri for receiving the Alternatives for Girls’ 2017 Role Model Award. Dr. Sarri’s scholarship and real-world impact has benefited Michigan’s families while advancing knowledge in a variety of disciplines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MR8.012 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE375 March 23, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDA L. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, unfortu-nately, on March 22, 2017, I was not able to cast my votes during the second series. Had I been in attendance, I would have voted: YES on the Democratic Motion to Recommit on H.R. 1101 NO on H.R. 1101—Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017 YES on H.R. 1238—Securing our Agri-culture and Food Act 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH FAIRNESS ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Busi-ness Health Fairness Act of 2017. Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, providing economic opportunity and employment for millions of Americans across our country. Too often, we have seen the economic en-gine stall due to intrusion and overregulation that come courtesy of the federal government. There are few places where this is more obvi-ous than in the staggering health care costs small businesses face, costs which Obamacare have only driven up. Obamacare’s burdensome mandates have driven premiums up and insurance providers out of the market, and small employers have found themselves increasingly unable to cover their employees. The big picture for small businesses is that the ACA has smothered pa-tient choice and patient-centered care in the process of overregulating our job creators. In the House, we are empowering small businesses to fight back by increasing their bargaining power with insurance providers and leveling the playing field that they share with larger companies. The Small Business Health Fairness Act will help lower health care costs for employees by allowing small businesses to join together through association health plans. Ultimately, this bill will bring relief to Amer-ican employees and their families by making insurance more affordable and accessible. H.R. 1101 is an important step toward em-powering small businesses to care for their employees while prioritizing the job creation that strengthens our communities. At the same time, this bill would contribute to a patient-cen-tered, competitive, and low-cost health care system for all Americans. I am proud to sup-port this legislation as we return choice to our businesses and loved ones. HONORING THE LIFE OF CON-GRESSMAN ELIGIO ‘‘KIKA’’ DE LA GARZA HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with Congressman F
ILEMON VELA Jr. and Congressman V
ICENTE GONZALEZ to com- memorate the life of Congressman Eligio ‘‘Kika’’ de la Garza of Texas’ 15th district. Congressman de la Garza was born on September 22nd, 1927, in Mercedes, Texas and raised in Mission, Texas. When he was 17 years old, he enlisted in the United States Navy, where he served during the final months of World War II. Upon his return home, he en-rolled in Edinburg Junior College, and later transferred to St. Mary’s University in San An-tonio. Eventually, he would serve during the Korean War as a second lieutenant with the Army’s 37th Division Artillery. After his service, he went on to earn a law degree from St. Mary’s University in San Antonio. At 24 years old, Congressman de la Garza was elected to the Texas House of Represent-atives. He was an important leader in his com-munity, who served as delegate in the Texas House for six consecutive terms. In 1965, Congressman de la Garza was elected to the United States House of Representatives, where he spent the next 32 years advocating for civil rights, food security, affordable health care, and access to education for all citizens. He was first a member, and later the chairman of the U.S. House Agricultural Committee. He and his committee crafted legislation focused on rural economic development, improved nu-trition, and environmental protection. His legis-lative programs often brought together farm-ers, ranchers, consumers, and other interest groups. During his career in the House of Representatives, he also advocated for im-proved U.S. and Mexico relations including the North American Free Trade Agreement. For his efforts, he later received the Order of the Aztec Eagle, the highest honor Mexico can give to non-citizens. Congressman de la Garza was a pioneer who paved the way for more Hispanics to par-ticipate in our nation’s legislative process. For a time, he was the only Hispanic member of the Texas House, and later became the sec-ond Hispanic member of Congress from the state of Texas. His dedication to the Hispanic community is evident in his role as a founding member of the Congressional Hispanic Cau-cus. Congressman de la Garza was an inspi-ration for the Hispanic community, and has empowered others to become active in our legislative process. His memory will be honored by his family, his friends, and the communities which he served. He is survived by his loving wife of 63 years, Lucille, as well as his three children, eight grandchildren, and one great-grand child. He will also continue to be honored at the Uni-versity of Texas Rio Grande Valley, where they have the E. ‘‘Kika’’ de la Garza Endowed Scholarship Fund. Mr. Speaker, we are honored to have the opportunity to remember the legacy of Con-gressman Eligio ‘‘Kika’’ de la Garza. His dedi-cation to his country, and his community, will not be forgotten. f 
H.R. 1259, VA ACCOUNTABILITY FIRST ACT OF 2017 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, the VA Ac-countability First Act of 2017 (HR 1259) rep-resents an attack on collective bargaining at federal agencies and an attempt to dismantle the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (CSRA, Pub. L. 95–454). The VA Accountability First Act of 2017 would strip Department of Vet-erans Affairs (VA) employees of personnel procedures that they developed through col-lective bargaining with the VA. It would also close the window of notice provided to em-ployees facing adverse personnel actions from 37 to only 10 days. By infringing on activities authorized by the CSRA, this bill would make it easier to fire an employee without good cause. We should remember that one-third of VA employees are veterans themselves. H.R. 1259, as written, would harm some of the very people we are trying to assist. The elimination of merit-based principles for workers facing adverse action could allow management to target the same whistleblowers who are trying to help us eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse at the VA. The bill guts the right of VA employees to use union protest mechanisms to effectively address hostile actions. The current grievance procedure is granted by statute and included in the contract negotiations between labor and management. The bill proposes a rushed management-run appeals process that does not allow good employees who are treated un-fairly enough time to develop the requisite supporting information to defend their jobs. The reduced timeframe for agency review would be even more severe for medical pro-fessionals facing adverse actions related to professional conduct or competence, particu-larly because their cases typically involve complex medical issues. H.R. 1259 also strips front-line employees of their rights to appeal to the Merit System Pro-tection Board (MSPB) by reducing the adju-dication period following their dismissal and removal from the payroll. Employees lose 80 percent of the time at the MSPB and would now only have seven days to prepare their case for the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. A thoughtful approach to these issues at the VA would strike a balance of promoting em-ployee accountability and protecting employee rights. Unfortunately, this bill does not strike that balance, and so eviscerates employee protections that it could discourage whistle-blowers from exposing waste, fraud, and abuse at the VA. I strongly oppose the VA Ac-countability First Act because of the destruc-tive effects it would have on the VA workforce and veterans alike. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.023 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE376 March 23, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE JOHN CHAMPE HIGH SCHOOL WIND EN-SEMBLE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the John Champe High School Wind Ensemble on participating in the 2017 Music for All National Festival. Their dedica-tion, hard work, and perseverance, along with the guidance and direction of their esteemed band director, Jonathan Phillips, helped earn John Champe High School its first appearance in the Music for All National Festival. The Music for All is one of the nation’s larg-est and most influential organizations, and only a mere 59 high school and middle school concert band and percussion ensembles from across the nation were selected to perform at the 2017 festival. Despite the fact that the John Champe High School Wind Ensemble is still in its nascent, as John Champe High School only opened in Aldie, Virginia, in 2012, they have the honor and unique distinction of being the first ensemble from Loudoun County to be invited to perform at this festival. Fur-thermore, in five years, the band program at John Champe has blossomed from 26 stu-dents who were in the inaugural marching band in 2012 to 230 students today. The John Champe Knights have also earned the distinc-tion of Virginia Honor Band three times and 19 students successfully auditioned into the All- District Band this year. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the John Champe High School Wind Ensemble on participating in the 2017 Music for All National Festival. I am proud to represent these students and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. LOREN P. GRESHAM ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM SOUTHERN NAZARENE UNIVERSITY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Loren Gresham on his retire-ment from Southern Nazarene University (SNU). For the past 50 years, Dr. Gresham has devoted his time and efforts to providing students a top tier education in a Christ-cen-tered environment. Dr. Gresham has demonstrated a lifetime passion for education, including his own. Be-fore becoming the President of SNU, Loren re-ceived a number of degrees. Loren earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Pasadena College (now Point Loma Nazarene University) in 1962 and went on to receive his Master of Arts de-gree in international relations from the Univer-sity of Southern California. In 1964, Loren married former Pasadena College classmate, Linda Brown, and together they have one child, Suzanne. In 1967, Loren moved to Bethany, Okla-homa where he became a professor of polit-ical science at Bethany Nazarene College. He became a Fulbright Scholar and was granted leave for the 1970–71 academic year to con-duct research in New Zealand. During his time as a professor, Loren continued to pursue his higher education studies at the University of Oklahoma and earned a Ph.D. in political science in 1973. At Bethany Nazarene College, Dr. Gresham pursued his lifelong interest in the sport of basketball. He became assistant coach and later the head coach of the men’s team. Under his leadership, the team achieved remarkable success including a national championship in 1981 in the National Association of Intercolle-giate Athletics (NAIA) defeating the University of Alabama in Huntsville. As President of SNU, Dr. Gresham has continued this tradition of competition as an active advocate of the 18 SNU women and men’s athletic teams. By 1985, Dr. Gresham became provost of Bethany Nazarene College and four short years later, in 1989, the board of trustees named Dr. Gresham the president of the insti-tution, now called Southern Nazarene Univer-sity. Currently, Dr. Gresham is the longest serving president among the eight Nazarene institutions of higher education in North Amer-ica. Additionally, he is the longest tenured president serving at any college or university in the state of Oklahoma. During Dr. Gresham’s presidency at SNU, the institution has had 28 consecutive years of balanced budgets, and last fall’s total enroll-ment was the all-time high in SNU’s school history. During Dr. Gresham’s tenure, SNU has been ranked the number one ‘‘Best Col-lege’’ in Oklahoma and one of ‘‘The 50 Most Affordable Private Colleges’’ in the nation by Money (2016). Dr. Gresham is also credited with raising the needed funds for operating, endowment, and capital projects. The funds raised have gone to many programs that will educate the next generation of SNU leaders and enhance student life such as campus beautification projects, construction of new liv-ing centers, major upgrades to athletic facili-ties, and the establishment of a online campus and a satellite campus in Tulsa, Oklahoma, among others. Dr. Gresham has served in many profes-sional organizations to help improve education for students and educators across the nation. He has chaired the NAIA Council of Presi-dents as well as serving on the Board of Di-rectors for the National Association of Inde-pendent Colleges and Universities. He has chaired the Council of Christian Colleges and Universities Board of Directors, an organiza-tion that represents more than 111 Christian colleges and universities across the nation. Dr. Gresham’s wife, Linda, has also served extensively on campus ministries. Linda and Dr. Gresham have a clear passion for edu-cation and love for SNU. Together, they founded The Gresham Leadership Grant to re-cruit outstanding young leaders to SNU. This highly selective first-year grant is awarded to students who have clearly demonstrated lead-ership in their community, church, and school and possess exemplary character in all as-pects of their lives. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th District of Texas, I would like to thank Dr. Gresham for his 50 years of commitment and leadership to Southern Nazarene University. Dr. Gresham’s work ethic, values, and integrity have set an example for those in higher education. I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in wishing Dr. Gresham continued success as he enjoys his retirement. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE SHIR-LEY RYAN ABILITYLAB, THE FU-TURE OF THE REHABILITATION INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO ON THE OPENING OF THEIR NEW FACIL-ITY 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to congratulate the Rehabilitation In-stitute of Chicago (RIC) on the opening of their new state of the art facility, the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab, opening on March 25, 2017. RIC has been named the ‘‘No. 1 Rehabilita-tion Hospital in America’’ by U.S. News & World Report for 26 consecutive years. Their new facility will be the first research hospital in which clinicians, scientists, innovators, and technologists work together in the same space, surrounding patients, discovering new approaches and, applying research in real time. The Shirley Ryan AbilityLab will significantly expand RIC’s overall footprint of 1.2 million square feet, of which 800,000 are dedicated to clinical research. Their inpatient capacity will grow by 40 percent increasing their total beds to 242. The facility growth will include out-patient and research space along with ex-panding to five translational Ability Labs. RIC’s applied research and therapeutic space will in-tegrate patients in the process of discovery and innovation, providing the highest quality medical care and state-of-the art equipment for patients with Brain; Spinal Cord; Nerve, Muscles & Bone; Cancer; and Pediatric condi-tions. RIC’s dedication to providing the best reha-bilitation care in the world and conducting cut-ting edge research in my Congressional Dis-trict is resulting in medical discoveries and in-novations that benefit patients all over the world. For that, Mr. Speaker, I applaud RIC and congratulate them as they open the Shir-ley Ryan AbilityLab. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BELOVED DALLAS RES-TAURANT WILLIAMS CHICKEN 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride and a water-ing mouth that I celebrate the 30th anniversary of the most famous chicken restaurant in all of North Texas—Williams Chicken. What started as one ‘chicken spot’ in 1987 has now be-come a successful chain with over 40 stores including 20 franchises, and in addition to being responsible for the best wings you can find in the Dallas area, it boasts 500 employ-ees. Williams Chicken’s amazing growth and story is due to the entrepreneurial spirit of its founder and CEO, Hiawatha Williams. Wil-liams Chicken’s humble beginnings are only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.027 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE377 March 23, 2017 
as humble as Mr. William’s start himself, com-ing from a small Texas town then going to Paul Quinn College in Dallas. After learning the ropes of the industry at a nationwide fast- food corporation, Williams left to found Wil-liams Chicken, to serve great food to the great people of Dallas. Mr. William’s story of entrepreneurship is an inspiration to business leaders in the greater Dallas community—but it is particularly impor-tant to the African-American community. Not only has he created a successful business, but he has chosen to practice his give-back spirit by conducting major outreach in edu-cation, youth programs, and corporate philan-thropy. He and his restaurant have shown many young people in Dallas that it is possible to create a successful and meaningful busi-ness. Though he can be found in numerous mag-azines and on TV often, Williams will be the first to say his kind family, his wife Doris and his two adult sons who work in the business, are the ones who keeps him reinforced. Mr. Speaker, Hiawatha Williams is an impressive man with an incredible business, and the taste of his chicken is only outweighed by his taste for the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE SUMMIT OF HOPE 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Summit of Hope, an event organized by the Illinois Department of Corrections, the Illinois Department of Public Health, and local organizations throughout Illi-nois. The Summit of Hope is designed to help former inmates reintegrate into society and succeed as citizens once they’ve served their time in prison, promoting public safety and re-ducing recidivism in the process. All too often, former inmates do not have access to the tools they need to succeed in our society. Without access to employment or housing, they in too many cases return to pris-on. The Summit of Hope is a large community expo designed to provide individuals on parole or probation with access to the tools they need. Services provided at the event range from voter registration, to counseling, to job training, to health screenings and beyond. By providing access to these services, organizers are ensuring that these individuals have every opportunity to succeed and reintegrate in our society. I am grateful for the extraordinary ef-forts of Mr. Marcus King, Community Outreach Administrator for the Illinois Department of Corrections’ Office of Constituent Services. Mr. King is a driving force behind this and other Summit of Hope events around the state of Illinois, and his impact on reducing recidi-vism cannot be overstated. I also want to note the important efforts of Ms. Brandi Vigil, a full-time faculty member with Loyola University’s Department of Crimi-nal Justice and Criminology. Ms. Vigil and Loyola University have helped make the Sum-mit of Hope a reality. I am honored to have a Summit of Hope event take place in the 9th Congressional Dis-trict of Illinois, and I hope that this and future events help make our communities safer and equip former inmates with the tools they need to succeed. f 
BMW EXPORTS EXCEED $9 BILLION 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 23, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, a recent article in Charleston’s The Post and Courier titled ‘‘S.C. BMW sets pace for U.S. auto exports,’’ details the remarkable pro-duction levels coming out of BMW’s South Carolina plant with exports of over $9 billion. ‘‘The BMW manufacturing plant in South Carolina maintained its position as the nation’s leading exporter of vehicles, sending $9.53 bil-lion worth of cars and SUVs to foreign coun-tries in 2016—most of them through the Port of Charleston.’’ The president and CEO of BMW Manufac-turing, Knudt Flor, said in a statement, ‘‘We had a record-breaking production and export year in 2016, and these new export figures re-inforce BMW’s commitment to South Carolina and the United States.’’ Governor Henry McMaster accurately indi-cated that ‘‘there’s no overstating the value BMW has brought to South Carolina since opening its doors in Spartanburg County over 20 years ago. The fact that the same facility that represented such a commitment to our state is now the leading automotive exporter in the country is something that all South Caro-linians should be proud of.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MR8.030 E23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D332 Thursday, March 23, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1941–S1980 Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and six reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 704–722, and S. Res. 92–97.
                                                     Pages S1973–74 
Measures Reported: S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. (S. Rept. No. 115–9)
                                                                             Page S1973 
Measures Passed: Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services Rule: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 94), Senate passed S.J. Res. 34, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Commu-nications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Tele-communications Services’’.
                            Pages S1942–55 
National Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 96, designating March 25, 2017, as ‘‘National Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day’’. 
                                                                                    Pages S1979–80 
Authorizing the Printing of Senate Committee Rules: Senate agreed to S. Res. 97, authorizing the printing of a collection of the rules of the commit-tees of the Senate.
                                                      Page S1980 
Appointments: National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader and Ranking Member of the Sen-ate Committee on Armed Services, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–328, appointed the following individuals to serve as members of the Na-tional Commission on Military, National, and Public Service: Alan Khazei of Massachusetts, Mark Gearan of New York.
                                                               Page S1979 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appointed the following Sen-ator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Acad-emy: James Lankford (Committee on Appropria-tions).                                                                               Page S1979 
Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro—Cloture: Senate began consideration of T.D. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro.
                                                         Pages S1959–67 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the treaty and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, March 24, 2017, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, March 27, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page S1960 
Prior to the consideration of this treaty, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the treaty.
                   Page S1959 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, March 27, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the treaty; that the filing deadline for first-degree amendments under Rule XXII for the cloture mo-tion filed during today’s session of the Senate be at 3:30 p.m.; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the treaty occur at 5:30 p.m.
             Page S1980 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 52 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 96), David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador to Israel. 
                                                                                    Pages S1955–59 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 95), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S1955 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1969 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1969 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S1969 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1969–72 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S1972–73 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1973 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MR7.REC D23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D333 March 23, 2017 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1974–75 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1975–79 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1968–69 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1979 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1979 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—96)
                                              Pages S1954–55, S1959 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:54 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, March 27, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1980.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tion of Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agriculture, after the nominee, who was introduced by former Senator Saxby Chambliss and Representa-tive David Scott, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. U.S. EUROPEAN COMMAND Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States European Com-mand, after receiving testimony from General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, USA, Commander, United States Eu-ropean Command, and Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, Department of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 62 nominations in the Army and Air Force. CIVILIAN PERSONNEL REFORM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-sonnel concluded a hearing to examine Department of Defense civilian personnel reform, after receiving testimony from Dov S. Zakheim, former Comp-troller, Peter K. Levine, performed the duties of the Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, and Laura J. Junor, former Principal Deputy Under Sec-retary for Personnel and Readiness, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. NOMINATION Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. FAA REAUTHORIZATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Secu-rity concluded a hearing to examine FAA reauthor-ization, focusing on perspectives on improving air-port infrastructure and aviation manufacturing, after receiving testimony from Margaret Gilligan, Asso-ciate Administrator for Aviation Safety, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transpor-tation; Gerald L. Dillingham, Director, Physical In-frastructure Issues, Government Accountability Of-fice; Rhonda K. Hamm-Niebruegge, St. Louis Lam-bert International Airport, St. Louis, Missouri; Bob Montgomery, Southwest Airlines Co., Dallas, Texas; and Gregory J. Fedele, Innova Aerospace, Perryville, Missouri. NOMINATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded hearings to examine the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, after receiv-ing testimony from Peter Kirsanow, Commissioner, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, and Benesch, Friedlander, Coplan and Aronoff, Cleveland, Ohio; Nancy Scott Degan, New Orleans, Louisiana, and Shannon Edwards, Edmond, Oklahoma, both of the American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary; Deanell Reece Tacha, U.S. Court of Appeals Judge (Retired), Pepperdine Law School, Malibu, California; Robert Harlan Henry, U.S. Court of Appeals Judge (Retired), Oklahoma City University, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; John L. Kane, U.S. District Court Judge (Senior), District of Colorado, Denver; Elisa Massimino, Human Rights First, Guerino J. Calemine, III, Communications Workers of America, Jeff Lamken, MoloLamken, Lawrence Solum, Georgetown University Law Cen-ter, Jonathan Turley, The George Washington Uni-versity Law School, Karen Harned, National Federa-tion of Independent Business Small Business Legal Center, Fatima Goss Graves, National Women’s Law Center, Alice Fisher, Latham and Watkins, Hannah Smith, Becket, Kristen Clarke, Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Sarah Warbelow, Human Rights Campaign, and Leah Bressack, all of Washington, D.C.; Jameel Jaffer, Columbia Univer-sity Knight First Amendment Institute, and Heather McGhee, Demos, both of New York, New York; Pat Gallagher, Sierra Club Environmental Law Program, Oakland, California; Eve Hill, Goldstein Levy, Balti-more, Maryland; Amy Hagstrom Miller, Whole Woman’s Health, Charlottesville, Virginia; William 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MR7.REC D23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD334 March 23, 2017 
Marshall, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill; Jeff Perkins, Berthoud, Colorado; Tim Myer, Nash-ville, Tennessee; Jamil Jaffer, Arlington, Virginia; and Sandy Phillips, Boerne, Texas. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 25 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1693–1717; and 9 resolutions, H.J. Res. 91; H. Con. Res. 39–40; and H. Res. 222–227 were introduced.
                                                Pages H2369–70  
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2371 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 1282, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish Acquisition Review Boards in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–57). 
                                                                                            Page H2369 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Pastor Bob MacGregor, City Har-vest Church, Vancouver, Washington.
           Page H2351 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a recorded vote of 202 ayes to 197 noes with 4 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 190. 
                                                                      Pages H2351, H2362–63 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:22 a.m. and re-convened at 8:05 p.m.
                                            Page H2360 
Waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain res-olutions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules: The House agreed to H. Res. 221, waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolu-tions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 189, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 188.
                      Pages H2353–60, H2361–62 
Senate Referral: S.J. Res. 34 was held at the desk. Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and message received from the Senate appear on pages H2360–61. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2361, H2361–62, and H2362–63. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:47 p.m. Committee Meetings 
HIGH CONSEQUENCES AND UNCERTAIN THREATS: REVIEWING DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PROGRAMS FOR COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘High Consequences and Uncertain Threats: Review-ing Department of Defense Strategy, Policy, and Programs for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion for Fiscal Year 2018’’. Testimony was heard from Shari Durand, Acting Director, Defense Threat Reduction Agency; Arthur T. Hopkins, Acting As-sistant Secretary, Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs; and Peter Verga, performing the duties of Assistant Secretary of Defense, Homeland Defense and Global Security. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 1667, the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Mary Walrath, Bankruptcy Judge, District of Delaware; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS FOR FOSTERING TRANSPARENCY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Pro-posals for Fostering Transparency’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MR7.REC D23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D335 March 23, 2017 
THE FUTURE OF AMERICA’S SMALL FAMILY FARMS Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of America’s Small Family Farms’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1628, the ‘‘American Health Care Act of 2017’’ (contin-ued), 7 a.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MR7.REC D23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD336 March 23, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, March 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of T.D. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the treaty at 5:30 p.m. The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to the treaty is at 3:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, March 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 1628— American Health Care Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E372 Budd, Ted, N.C., E374 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E374 Collins, Doug, Ga., E375 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E376 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E375 Costa, Jim, Calif., E368 Crist, Charlie, Fla., E368 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E375 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E376 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E369, E370, E372, E374 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E376 Keating, William R., Mass., E371 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E370, E371, E373 King, Steve, Iowa, E368 Lawrence, Brenda L., Mich., E375 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E373 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E376 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E369, E371, E372 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E373 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E367, E367, E368, E369, E369, E371, E371, E372, E372, E373 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E370 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E367 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E377 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E367 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E369 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E369 Smith, Jason, Mo., E368 Valadao, David G., Calif., E373 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E377 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Mar 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23MR7.REC D23MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST