Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4609 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 31, 2017 No. 129 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, August 1, 2017, at 11 a.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JULY31, 2017 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who transforms com-mon days into transfiguring and re-demptive moments, hallowed be Your Name. Make our lawmakers great enough for these momentous times, as they seek to live worthy of Your great Name. May Your precepts keep them from life’s pitfalls, guiding them through the darkness to a safe haven. Lord, cleanse the fountains of their hearts from all that defiles, so that they may be fit vessels to be used for Your glory. Let Your peace be within them, as Your Spirit inspires them to glorify You in their thoughts, words, and actions. We pray in Your wonderful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The majority leader is recog-nized. NOMINATION OF KEVIN NEWSOM Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, this week the Senate will continue con-sidering a number of nominations, be-ginning with Kevin Newsom of Ala-bama to serve as judge on the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Newsom has earned bipartisan support, having been voted out of the Judiciary Committee 18 to 2. As Chair-man G
RASSLEY pointed out prior to that vote, several lifelong Democrats and Republicans have penned letters to the committee touting Mr. Newsom’s ‘‘professionalism and qualifications.’’ He is an ‘‘exceptionally accomplished nominee,’’ Chairman G
RASSLEY said, ‘‘who spent the last 20 years building an impressive legal resume.’’ That resume includes things like clerking for an Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court, serving as Alabama’s solicitor general, and earn-ing an appointment to the Advisory Committee on Appellate Rules. For his exceptional work, Mr. Newsom has garnered a number of awards from the legal community. The American Lawyer magazine has in-cluded him on its list of America’s top 50 litigators under age 45. Chambers USA has ranked him Band 1 for appel-late litigation. The National Associa-tion of Attorneys General has awarded him on several occasions the Best Brief Award for his briefing before the Su-preme Court. During his impressive legal career, Mr. Newsom has argued four cases be-fore the Supreme Court, filed amicus briefs in many other cases, and argued more than 35 cases in Federal circuit courts. As indicated by his distinguished pro-fessional background, Mr. Newsom will be an excellent addition to the court. I look forward to supporting his nomina-tion today and confirming him to the Eleventh Circuit later this week. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Newsom nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kevin Chris-topher Newsom, of Alabama, to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.000 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4610 July 31, 2017 
United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative ses-sion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 175, Marvin Kaplan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring August 27, 2020. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring Au-gust 27, 2020. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, John Cornyn, Susan M. Collins, Lamar Alexander, Roy Blunt, Luther Strange, Pat Rob-erts, James Lankford, Bob Corker, Richard C. Shelby, John Barrasso, Joni Ernst, Orrin G. Hatch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Madam President. First, on the matter of healthcare. I sincerely and truly hope the events of last week are a turning point. I hope they steer this body toward a period of greater bipartisanship. We sure could use it because the problems in our healthcare system did not end last week. We Democrats know that the Af-fordable Care Act wasn’t perfect. We want to keep what works—and there are a lot of good things in it—and we want to fix what doesn’t. We have a lot of work to do on that front. Our first order of business should be to stabilize the individual market and then both parties should work together through regular order through commit-tees to discuss other improvements. Chairman ALEXANDER and Ranking Member M
URRAY have indicated they want to work together, have public hearings, and do this the right away. I am hopeful Chairman H
ATCH , Ranking Member W
YDEN , both of whom have proven themselves willing and able to work across party lines, also will be willing to work closely together to ad-dress broader problems with our healthcare system. Let me repeat. The first order of business should be to stabilize the indi-vidual market, which has been racked by uncertainty. Right now, as insurers prepare to lock in their rates and plans for 2018, the Trump administration is dangling a massive sword of Damocles over the heads of millions of Americans, threat-ening to end payments the administra-tion is supposed to make that would lower deductibles and out-of-pocket costs for so many Americans. These payments are critical to keeping healthcare costs down and keeping the markets stable. Remember, AHIP—the largest trade group of insurers—has said the uncertainty about these pay-ments is ‘‘the single most destabilizing factor in the individual market.’’ That is not C
HUCK SCHUMER or some Demo-crat saying it, it is the insurers saying it. Make no mistake, by refusing these payments, President Trump is sabo-taging our healthcare system. He is ac-tively trying to make it collapse, tak-ing out his political loss on the Amer-ican people. That is not being Presi-dential; that is small, it is vindictive, and it will hurt millions of Americans he has sworn to help. In Pennsylvania and North Carolina, insurers have filed two separate sets of possible rates for 2018; one if the pay-ments are made and one if they are not. If the payments are not made, pre-miums would be 20 percent higher. Let’s repeat that. If the payments are not made, if President Trump fol-lows through on his vindictive idea of not making the payments, premiums will be 20 percent higher for the people of North Carolina and Pennsylvania. So if President Trump does not guar-antee these payments permanently, Americans will have to pay a Trump tax on their premiums next year. Let me say that again. If President Trump does not guarantee these pay-ments, Americans will be paying a Trump tax of 20 percent higher pre-miums. President Trump has a responsibility to make our healthcare system work, and millions of Americans will hold him accountable if the system im-plodes on his watch, if insurers leave the markets on his watch, or if their premiums go up 20 percent or more on his watch. Of course, we in Congress could re-move the uncertainty hanging over the market and take the decision out of the President’s hands. We can and should guarantee these payments as soon as possible, before the insurers set their rates for next year. I urge my Re-publican friends to join us on Senator SHAHEEN ’s bill to guarantee these pay-ments and prevent President Trump’s premium tax from going into effect. Republican Senators A
LEXANDER , COL-
LINS, HATCH , PORTMAN , and J OHNSON  have all spoken about the need to do this. I hope they will help us move for-ward. We could get this done very quickly and show the American people that we are able to work together on healthcare in a very bipartisan way, to help keep costs down for so many rate-payers. 
SANCTIONS BILL  
Now, Madam President, on the mat-ter of Russia sanctions. I was very proud last week, as nearly every Mem-ber of Congress, save five, voted to pass legislation for sanctions on Russia, Iran, and North Korea; that there was such bipartisanship on that issue. Ac-cording to reports, the President will sign the legislation. These are tough sanctions. They will have a real effect on Russia, and they are more than justified. President Putin violated the sovereignty of Ukraine, aided and abetted human rights abuses in Syria, and attacked the very foundation of our democracy by meddling in the 2016 election. Just as importantly, the sanctions bill gives Congress the ability to re-view any decision to weaken, dilute, or lift sanctions on Russia. President Putin will not be able to get out from under the sting of these sanctions without the consent of Congress. Let this be an unequivocal message to Mr. Putin and any other nation that is thinking of interfering in our elec-tions: If you interfere with our elec-tions, which we hold sacred, you will be sanctioned. Those sanctions will be se-vere. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Finally, Madam President, a word on the investigation conducted by Special Counsel Mueller. Since the beginning of the investiga-tion of Russia’s meddling into our elec-tions both here in Congress and in the executive branch, the heavy hand of the administration has never been far away. We know that the administra-tion solicited the help of the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee to beat back reports in the press about Russia’s interference in our election, and that was after 17 intelligence agen-cies said that it happened. The Presi-dent fired FBI Director Jim Comey and admitted on national television that he was thinking about ‘‘this Russia thing’’ when he did it. Then, after Special Counsel Mueller was appointed to lead the investigation, allies of the adminis-tration went on television to defame his character, to sully his reputation— a shameful ploy to degrade a man with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31JY6.002 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4611 July 31, 2017 
one of the most sterling records of non-partisan public service that a man can have in this country. On Twitter, the President routinely berates and humiliates his former friend—maybe he still is a friend; who knows—his Attorney General, his great ally in his campaign. Jeff Sessions was one of President Trump’s earliest friends, one of his first supporters in Congress. Not only does that get to character—I cannot imagine any Amer-ican likes the way Senator Sessions was treated, whether you agree with him or disagree with him—but it also raises questions about whether the President wants the Attorney General to resign so that he can appoint a new Attorney General who is willing to fire Special Counsel Mueller. If such a scenario were to pass, we would have a constitutional crisis on our hands. The Senate should remove even the possibility of its coming about. So, in the tradition of the Sen-ate, I expect that we will hold pro forma sessions throughout the upcom-ing recess to prevent a recess appoint-ment from being made. The fact that President Trump con-tinues to meddle with the Department of Justice and impede the Russia inves-tigation gets to a larger question: If President Trump has nothing to hide, nothing to fear, why not let Special Counsel Mueller do his job, follow the facts, and finally get to the bottom of the matter? On a matter as important as foreign interference in our elections, the American people deserve a thorough and impartial investigation into the facts. President Trump should come nowhere near it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VENEZUELA  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, we have chaos in Venezuela. It is a pro-tracted crisis in Venezuela, which took yet another turn for the worse yester-day. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro pushed ahead with a vote to form a constitutional assembly despite the vehement opposition of the Ven-ezuelan people and overwhelming international criticism. It became a sham vote. Only about 10 percent of the population voted. The opposition stayed home. Plain and simple, the vote was illegal, and it was rigged. Once again, on the streets and at the ballot box, the Venezuelan people have made themselves heard loud and clear. Two weeks ago, more than 7 million Venezuelans voted against even hold-ing this vote, and, yesterday, millions of people stayed home. Maduro wants to rewrite Venezuela’s Constitution so that he can cling to power, and yesterday’s vote was only the latest attempt to undermine, if not to completely undo, Venezuela’s de-mocracy. He continues to crack down on protesters, killing more than 100 and injuring and arresting thousands more. His thugs have raided homes and terrorized the opposition’s families. He has tried to strip the National Assem-bly of its powers, undercut the Attor-ney General, and he has co-opted the courts. His thugs attacked the Na-tional Assembly and injured opposition lawmakers. He blocked a lawful ref-erendum to recall his election. His cronies steal the country’s money and enrich themselves. All the while, the Venezuelan people suffer. The people go hungry; children are malnourished; there are no staple prod-ucts—no medicines, no medical sup-plies for the people. Of course, you know who gets the food and the med-ical treatment. It is the privileged few—the Maduro ones whom he pro-tects. This is Venezuela’s tragic re-ality. Maduro has made himself a dictator, and he and his cronies are bent on turning Venezuela’s once vibrant de-mocracy and once vibrant economy into a Cuban-style regime. Neverthe-less, the Venezuelan people, in the face of violence, oppression, and depriva-tion, continue to fight for their democ-racy—for the little bit of freedom they have left. They are doing everything they can—at great risk to themselves and their families—to save their de-mocracy and, thus, to save their coun-try. The task just got a lot harder. The issue before us is what we can do to support them since Maduro has now installed himself with this fake ref-erendum on the National Assembly. What can we do to keep Maduro from being the dictator he is? What we need to do is to condemn the National Assembly as the sham that it is. It also means the United States increasing the pressure on the Maduro regime. I just spoke this after-noon with the Treasury Department. The United States announced a little earlier this afternoon that it has frozen Maduro’s assets. I expect at least two other countries to follow suit—and probably more after they do. This is an important step, and I hope that it is the first in what will be the strongest possible economic sanctions to stop Maduro. It is time that we consider cutting the imports of Venezuela’s oil also. What have we done thus far? There was already a group of Maduro’s cronies—some in the private sector, some in the government—on whom the sanctions have been slapped. You ask: What does that do? What good does that do? Listen, all of these cro-nies of Maduro’s love to come to Miami. They love to have offshore bank accounts and all kinds of assets stashed overseas—if not in the United States, perhaps in some of those other countries that are going to follow suit. We should do that with his cronies. What we have done today with the announcement by the Treasury Depart-ment is to freeze Nicholas Maduro’s as-sets, and if other countries will follow suit, they are going to freeze his assets as well. Maybe we should take the next step. The next step is that Venezuela exports a lot of its oil to the United States. It is such a heavy, dirty crude that a good part of that has to go to the refineries in the United States because those re-fineries are the ones that are capable of refining that heavy, dirty crude. Maybe we just ought to stop our imports of Venezuela’s oil and absorb that per-centage of loss of oil that is coming into the United States from Venezuela as, clearly, on the world marketplace, oil is fungible. Maybe that is what we ought to do because we are now dealing with a Cuban-style dictator who is the head of Venezuela. I think, in going forward, that the United States must insist on the re-lease of all political prisoners and the rule of law and that Venezuela has to go back to when it was a thriving de-mocracy. That was back when they re-spected human rights and the people had some freedoms. As the United States, we ought to help rally the na-tions of the Organization of American States and rally the support of the world to bring about a meaningful end to this crisis because it is just going to get worse and worse. The violence that you have seen on the TV yesterday and today is going to continue. As you continue to squeeze the people, to starve them, to take away all semblance of human decency, what do you think they are going to do? They are going to revolt, and the violence is not going to stop. There is a role for Congress, and there is an opportunity for the Con-gress to lead. The President’s budget eliminated the funding for democracy programs in Venezuela that supported the old National Assembly and civil so-ciety and those same democracy pro-grams that promoted human rights and the encouraging of an independent media. Recently I wrote to the Senate Ap-propriations Committee, along with a number of other Senators, urging that the committee continue that funding for those democracy programs in Ven-ezuela. In May, this Senator joined Senators C
ARDIN and R UBIO and seven others in introducing the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act. That bill addresses the many aspects of the crisis in Venezuela. It codified targeted sanctions on re-gime officials—something we are now implementing—and thank goodness for this announcement today by the ad-ministration. I give them kudos for that. That act would authorize badly needed humanitarian assistance. It would back OAS efforts to bring about an end to the crisis, and it funds elec-tion observation organizations and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31JY6.005 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4612 July 31, 2017 
groups working to defend democracy in Venezuela. These are bipartisan efforts, and I urge our colleagues to support them, and I urge that we bring them up as soon as possible. The situation is ter-rible in the country, and the situation in that chaos, especially what we have seen in Caracas, is going to get worse. Time is of the essence. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Ala-bama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. Dan Sullivan, John Barrasso, John Cor-nyn, Orrin G. Hatch, Ron Johnson, Chuck Grassley, Tom Cotton, Richard Burr, James Lankford, Lamar Alex-ander, John Kennedy, Cory Gardner, James M. Inhofe, Michael B. Enzi, John Thune, Richard C. Shelby, Mitch McConnell. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Ala-bama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RA-
HAM), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 68, nays 26, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 180 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Barrasso Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—26 
Baldwin Bennet Booker Brown Cantwell Carper Coons Cortez Masto Franken Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Kaine King Manchin Markey Murray Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Burr Graham McCain Menendez Merkley Peters 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 68, the nays are 26. The motion is agreed to. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–30, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Switzerland for defense articles and services estimated to cost $115 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , Acting Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–30 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 35(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) (U) Prospective Purchaser: The Govern-ment of Switzerland. (ii) (U) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $25 million. Other $90 million. Total $115 million. (iii) (U) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The following defense articles and services have been requested as part of a Service Life Extension Program for Switzerland’s F/A– 18C/D aircraft: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to fifty (50) Multifunctional Informa-tion Distribution System Joint Tactical Radio System (MIDS JTRS) with Concurrent Multi-Net 4 (CMN–4) Capability. Non-MDE includes: Fifty (50) ARC–210 GEN 5 RT–1900A(C) radios w/Second Generation Anti-Jam Tactical UHF Radio for NATO (SATURN) frequency hopping; twenty (20) Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System (JHMCS) Night Vision Cueing Display (NVCD); CIT Automated Dependence Sur-veillance-Broadcast (ADS–B) Out; software enhancements to the APG–73 radar; improve-ments to the F/A–18 Software Configuration Set (SCS) 29C; and sustainment for the ALQ– 165 Airborne Self Protection Jammer (ASPJ) system. Operational support for these modi-fications will be provided through upgrades to the purchaser’s unique Mission Data Sys-tem. Also included are: system integration and testing; software development and inte-gration; support equipment; spare and repair parts; maintenance personnel and pilot fa-miliarization training; software support; publications and technical documents; U.S. Government and contractor technical assist-ance; and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) (U) Military Department: Navy (XX–P– LAS). (v) (U) Prior Related Cases, if any: SZ–P– LAN. (vi) (U) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Offered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) (U) Sensitivity of Technology Con-tained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) (U) Date Report Delivered to Con-gress: July 28, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  (U) Government of Switzerland—F/A–18 Upgrades (U) The Government of Switzerland has re-quested the possible sale of a Service Life 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31JY6.007 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4613 July 31, 2017 
Extension Program for its F/A–18C/D aircraft to include up to fifty (50) Multifunctional In-formation Distribution System Joint Tac-tical Radio System (MIDS JTRS) with Con-current Multi-Net 4 (CMN–4) capability; fifty (50) ARC–210 GEN 5 RT–1900A(C) radios w/ Second Generation Anti-Jam Tactical UHF Radio for NATO (SATURN) frequency hop-ping; twenty (20) Joint Helmet Mounted Cue-ing System (JHMCS) Night Vision Cueing Display (NVCD); CIT Automated Dependence Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS–B) Out; soft-ware enhancements to the APG–73 radar; im-provements to the F/A–18 Software Configu-ration Set (SCS) 29C; and sustainment for the ALQ–165 Airborne Self Protection Jammer (ASPJ) system. Operational support for these modifications will be provided through upgrades to the purchaser’s unique Mission Data System. Also included are: sys-tem integration and testing; software devel-opment and integration; support equipment; spare and repair parts; maintenance per-sonnel and pilot familiarization training; software support; publications and technical documents; U.S. Government and contractor technical assistance; and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. The estimated total case value is $115 million. (U) This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security ob-jectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of Switzerland which has been, and continues to be an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. Switzerland is also a member of the NATO Partnership for Peace (PfP) program. (U) The proposed sale will allow the Swiss Air Force to extend the useful life of its F/A– 18 fighter aircraft and enhance their surviv-ability. Further, the proposed sale will in-crease Switzerland’s tactical aviation oper-ational capabilities. Switzerland will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment and support into its armed forces. (U) The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military balance in the region. (U) The principal contractors will be the Boeing Company, McDonnell Douglas Cor-poration, St. Louis, MO; Data Link Solu-tions LLC, Wayne, NJ; Rockwell Collins, Cedar Rapids, IA; Rockwell Collins ESA Vi-sion System LLC, Fort Worth, TX. There are no known offset agreements associated with this potential sale. (U) Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any addi-tional U.S. Government personnel or con-tractor representatives to Switzerland. How-ever, multiple trips to Switzerland involving U.S. Government and contractor representa-tives will be required for technical reviews/ support, and program management. (U) There will be no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–30 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) (U) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. (U) The hardware and software being purchased is being used to upgrade Switzer-land’s existing F/A–18C/D Hornet aircraft. Description and classification of the hard-ware and software being purchased are de-tailed in the following paragraphs. a. (U) The MIDS/JTRS with CMN–4 is a se-cure, scalable, modular, wireless, and jam-re-sistant digital information system currently providing Tactical Air Navigation (TACAN), Link–16, and J–Voice to airborne, ground, and maritime joint and coalition warfighting platforms. MIDS provides real-time and low- cost information and situational awareness via digital and voice, communications with-in the JTRS Enterprise. The MIDS/JTRS hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. The MIDS/ JTRS software requires a crypto key be load-ed in order to function. The crypto key re-quired for operation is a Controlled Cryp-tographic Item (CCI). b. (U) The ARC–210 GEN 5 RT–1990A(C) is a digital radio capable of transmit and receipt of Digital Communication System, Variable Message Format (DCS/VMF) encrypted data messages. The RT–1990 hardware is UNCLAS-SIFIED. The RT 1900 software requires a crypto key be loaded in order to function. The crypto key required for operation is a Controlled Cryptographic Item (CCI). c. (U) The AN/AVS–11 Night Vision Cueing Device (NVCD) is UNCLASSIFIED but is ca-pable of high resolution imaging. This capa-bility allows reduced visibility weapon deliv-ery using Switzerland’s F/A–18C/D aircraft. While the NVCD hardware is UNCLASSI-FIED, this item requires Enhanced End Use Monitoring (EEUM). 2. (U) If a technologically advanced adver-sary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapons sys-tems effectiveness or be used in the develop-ment of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. (U) A determination has been made that the Government of Switzerland can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sale is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives outlined in the policy justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Switzer-land. f NOMINATION OF KEVIN NEWSOM Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I want to speak briefly about the nomination of Kevin Newsom to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals from Alabama. I intend to support Mr. Newsom’s nomination. Mr. Newsom is currently in private practice in Birmingham. He previously served as the solicitor gen-eral of Alabama. He also clerked for Justice Souter on the U.S. Supreme Court and graduated from Harvard Law School and Samford University. The American Bar Association has unani-mously rated him ‘‘well qualified.’’ My support for Mr. Newsom’s nomi-nation does not mean that this is a ju-dicial nominee that I would have nec-essarily chosen. There are aspects of Mr. Newsom’s record that concern me. For example, in private practice, Mr. Newsom published an article in which he was extremely critical of the doc-trine known as substantive due proc-ess. This is the doctrine the Supreme Court invoked in protecting the right to use contraception, a women’s right to choose, and the right to same-sex marriage. Additionally, as solicitor general of Alabama, Mr. Newsom filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court in the case Rasul v. Bush, arguing that Federal courts did not have jurisdiction to hear habeas claims from foreign nationals who were captured overseas and de-tained at Guantanamo Bay. The Su-preme Court ruled against Mr. Newsom’s position in a 6–3 decision. Lastly, while Mr. Newsom was in pri-vate practice, he filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court case Roper v. Simmons, where he urged the Court to reject a brightline rule prohibiting cap-ital punishment for children under the age of 18. His work on this case fol-lowed several other cases where, as so-licitor general of Alabama, he had ar-gued against procedural rights for indi-viduals on death row. As I consider this nominee, I have to balance these positions—which do con-cern me—with other aspects of Mr. Newsom’s nomination. Here, we have a nominee unanimously rated ‘‘well qualified’’ by the American Bar Asso-ciation. His home-State Senators have returned blue slips and support his nomination. Although some outside groups have expressed concerns, no outside group has officially opposed his confirmation. As a result, I voted to invoke cloture on Mr. Newsom’s nomination today. My decision on every nominee will be based on that nominee’s individual record. I also want to briefly remind my col-leagues why we are even considering Mr. Newsom’s nomination in the first place. In February 2016, President Obama nominated Alabama U.S. District Court Judge Abdul Kallon for this very same vacancy on the Eleventh Circuit. Today Mr. Newsom was voted on be-cause Senators SHELBY and S TRANGE  returned blue slips for his nomination. I would like the Senate to also know that we held a hearing just last week that included Judge Ralph Erickson to be a judge on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals because Senators H
OEVEN  and H
EITKAMP returned their blue slips. This shows the importance of the blue slip helping move nominations through the process. Democratic Senators are conducting their due diligence on these nominees before returning their blue slips, and in the Erickson nomination, the return of the blue slip is bipartisan. Many of the current nominees have voluminous records, and we need to allow home- State Senators to do their work. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER JOHN CAMINO Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to speak on behalf of Peter John Camino, who is being inducted into the Wyo-ming Agriculture Hall of Fame. Every year since 1992, Wyoming has recog-nized individuals who have made sub-stantial contributions to agriculture in our State. As a third-generation ranch-er dedicating much of his life to Wyo-ming’s agriculture industry, Peter John is well deserving of this honor. Peter John grew up on his ranch that his grandfather founded near Buffalo, WY. After attending college, he joined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.037 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4614 July 31, 2017 
the military and served honorably for several years. Ultimately, the ranch lifestyle called him home and he re-turned to Wyoming to take over the family operation. Peter John has said the sheep business was thriving upon his return and fondly remembers the community support and good times. Fortunately for Wyoming, Peter John not only stuck with the agri-culture industry during the good times, but took on leadership positions and persevered through the hard times as well. Peter John served as president of the Wyoming Wool Growers Associa-tion and played a crucial role in strengthening the organization. He has been described by coworkers and friends as a courageous leader who would always take time to listen to members of the organization. As presi-dent, he guided the sheep industry through some tough times and advo-cated for its cause at the local and Fed-eral levels. Leadership, courage, and collabora-tion are only some of the admirable qualities Peter John possesses. He has also shown dedication and selflessness while volunteering in his community and passing on his knowledge of the ag-riculture industry to younger genera-tions. In addition to volunteering with his church and Knights of Columbus, serving on the board for Johnson Coun-ty Fire District, and advising the Uni-versity of Wyoming’s Sheep Program, he also serves as sheep superintendent for the Johnson County Fair and often invites schoolkids to his ranch to teach them about ranching, the sheep indus-try, and the value of wool. I want to extend my congratulations to Mr. Camino and thank him for his service and years of hard work. Peter John truly lives the ‘‘Code of the West,’’ and I am proud to have the op-portunity to recognize his achieve-ments as an inductee into the Wyo-ming Agriculture Hall of Fame. Wyo-ming is well served by his lasting and continuing contributions to our State. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MARIDI CHOMA ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Maridi for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Maridi is a native of Casper, WY. She currently attends the University of Wyoming, where she is studying inter-national studies and French. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Maridi for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH DUNCAN ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Elizabeth for her hard work as an intern in the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Elizabeth is a native of California. She currently attends Johns Hopkins University, where she is studying international studies and history. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Elizabeth for the dedication she has shown while work-ing for me and my staff. It was a pleas-ure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KAITLYN FINLEY ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Kaitlyn for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Kaitlyn is a native of Oklahoma. She currently attends the University of Oklahoma, where she is studying polit-ical science and history. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Kaitlyn for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAMUEL FRENCH ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Samuel for his hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Samuel is a native of Wilson, WY, and a graduate of Boston College. He studied environmental studies. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Samuel for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH GREGORY ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Elizabeth for her hard work as an intern in the Senate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Elizabeth is a native of New Jersey. She currently attends Villanova Uni-versity, where she is studying political science. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Elizabeth for the dedication she has shown while work-ing for me and my staff. It was a pleas-ure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CONNOR HIGGINS ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Connor for his hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Connor is a native of Nevada. He cur-rently attends Linfield College, where he is studying political science. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Connor for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AMANDA HINCHEY ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Amanda for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Amanda is a native of Casper, WY. She currently attends the University of Wyoming, where she is studying busi-ness management and Spanish. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Amanda for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.038 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4615 July 31, 2017 
me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KAYLA L AFOUNTAIN ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Kayla for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Kayla is a native of Casper, WY. She currently attends Casper College, where she is studying international studies. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Kayla for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JESSICA LEACH ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Jessica for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Jessica is a native of Cheyenne, WY. She currently attends the University of Wyoming, where she is studying sec-ondary education social studies. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Jessica for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAREN NELSON ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Caren for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Caren is a native of Texas. She is a graduate of the University of Okla-homa, where she studied environ-mental sustainability. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Caren for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CONOR POWERS ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Conor for his hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Conor is a native of New York. He currently attends Boston College, where he is studying political science. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Conor for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAKOTAH PRICE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Dakotah for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Dakotah is a native of Casper, WY. She currently attends the University of Wyoming, where she is studying eco-nomics and journalism. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Dakotah for the dedication she has shown while work-ing for me and my staff. It was a pleas-ure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTOPHER RUWART ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Christopher for his hard work as an intern in my Cheyenne office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Christopher is a native of Wheatland, WY. He currently attends the Univer-sity of Wyoming, where he is studying political science. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Christopher for the dedication he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICK SHEEHAN ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Patrick for his hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Patrick is a native of Casper, WY. He currently attends the University of Wyoming, where he is studying organi-zational leadership. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Patrick for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLES VANPATTEN ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Charles for his hard work as an intern in my Chey-enne office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Charles is a native of Gillette, WY. He is a graduate of the University of Wyoming, where he studied history. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Charles for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE ECCARIUS ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize George Eccarius, an intern in my Rapid City, SD, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. George is a graduate of St. Thomas More High School in Rapid City. Cur-rently, he is attending the University of Oregon, where he is majoring in business. George is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to George Eccarius for all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.048 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4616 July 31, 2017 
the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO HALLIE SHAE ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Hallie Shae, an intern in my Aberdeen, SD, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Hallie is a graduate of Deuel High School in Clear Lake, SD. Currently, she is attending Northern State Uni-versity, where she is majoring in soci-ology, with an emphasis in criminal justice. Hallie is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Hallie Shae for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13441 WITH RESPECT TO LEB-ANON, RECEIVED DURING AD-JOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON JULY 28, 2017—PM 15 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days of the anniversary date of its dec-laration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Leb-anon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to con-tinue in effect beyond August 1, 2017. Certain ongoing activities, such as continuing arms transfers to Hizballah that include increasingly sophisticated weapons systems, undermine Lebanese sovereignty, contribute to political and economic instability in the region, and continue to constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , July 28, 2017. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on July 28, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following en-rolled bill: 
H.R. 3364. An act to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Gov-ernments of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea, and for other purposes: 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on July 28, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 4:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 95. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical serv-ices provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 873. An act to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to es-tablish the National Global War on Ter-rorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. H.R. 2772. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. H.R. 3180. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. H.R. 3219. An act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. H.R. 3262. An act to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician as-sistants of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 371. An act to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. The message further announced that the House has passed the following bill with amendments, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 114. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report re-garding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 95. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical serv-ices provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 2772. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3180. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Intelligence. H.R. 3262. An act to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician as-sistants of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 3219. An act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2363. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Potatoes Grown in Certain Designated Counties in Idaho, and Malheur County, Or-egon; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0111) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2364. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tart Cherries Grown in the States of Michi-gan, et al.; Free and Restricted Percentages for the 2016–17 Crop Year for Tart Cherries’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0105) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31JY6.013 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4617 July 31, 2017 
26, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2365. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Walnuts Grown in California; Decreased As-sessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–17– 0031) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–2366. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sweet Onions Grown in the Walla Walla Valley of Southeast Washington and North-east Oregon; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0116) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2367. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to ter-rorists who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs . EC–2368. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Incorpo-ration by Reference of American Society of Mechanical Engineers Codes and Code Cases’’ ((RIN3150–AI97) (NRC–2011–0088)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2369. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Review of Medicare’s Program for Over-sight of Accrediting Organizations and the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Validation Program: Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–2370. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Corrections to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection Regulations’’ (CBP Dec. 17–08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2371. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0768); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2372. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of defense articles, in-cluding technical data, and defense services to support the establishment of an F–35 air-craft Final Assembly and Checkout (FACO) facility in Nagoya, Japan for end-use by the Japan Air Self Defense Force in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–016); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2373. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the ex-port of M1500 bolt action rifles in various calibers and accessories to Argentina for commercial resale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–020); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2374. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, Office of General Coun-sel, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Assistance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities and Preschool Grants for Children with Disabilities Pro-gram; Early Intervention Program for In-fants and Toddlers with Disabilities’’ (RIN1820–AB74) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2375. A communication from the Chief of External Affairs and Performance Branch, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Director, Office of Government Ethics, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2376. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–101, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cer-tified Business Enterprise Preference Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–2377. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–100, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 2960, S.O. 15–53893, Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2378. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ametoctradin; Pesticide Tolerace’’ (FRL No. 9963–04) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2379. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fenamidone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9962–96) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2380. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fenpyroximate; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9963–22) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2381. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pseudomonas chloraraphis strain AFS009; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9961–77) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–2382. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tolpyralate; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9964–15) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2383. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Topramezone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9960–37) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2384. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Affairs), transmitting legislative proposals relative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–2385. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to activities under the Secretary of Defense personnel management demonstration project authori-ties for Department of Defense Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories (STRLs) for calendar year 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–2386. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acquisition Reports (SARs) for the Army Major Defense Acquisition Programs (MDAPs) (OSS–2017–0785); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2387. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral William A. Brown, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2388. A communication from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Federal Mortgage Disclo-sure Requirements under the Truth in Lend-ing Act (Regulation Z)’’ (RIN3170–AA61) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2389. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Superfund Five-Year Review Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2390. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Gen-eral Counsel, Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Service Level I, II, and III Protective Coatings Applied to Nu-clear Power Plants’’ (NRC–2016–0192) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2391. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Expedited Approval of Alternative Test Procedures for the Analysis of Contami-nants under the Safe Drinking Water Act; Analysis and Sampling Procedures’’ (FRL No. 9964–78–OW) received during adjournment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.016 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4618 July 31, 2017 
of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2392. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Priorities List’’ (FRL No. 9965–31–OLEM) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2393. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘TSCA Inventory Notification (Ac-tive-Inactive) Requirements’’ ((RIN2070– AK24) (FRL No. 9964–22)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2394. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Requirements for Continuous Emission Mon-itoring’’ (FRL No. 9965–23–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works . EC–2395. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Revi-sions to Louisville; Definitions’’ (FRL No. 9965–30–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2396. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Miscella-neous Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9965–25–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works . EC–2397. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Florida: Unneces-sary Rule Removal’’ (FRL No. 9965–14–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2398. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; CT; Reasonably Available Control Technology for the 2008 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9963–89–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2399. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Chief Financial Officer, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2400. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Chief Financial Officer, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2401. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Admin-istration and Resources Management, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2402. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Admin-istration and Resources Management, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2403. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Air and Radiation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2404. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Air and Radiation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2405. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Deputy Administrator, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2406. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Deputy Administrator, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2407. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Administrator, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2408. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for En-forcement and Compliance Assurance, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2409. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for En-forcement and Compliance Assurance, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2410. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Envi-ronmental Information, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2411. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Envi-ronmental Information, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2412. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of General Counsel, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–2413. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Inter-national and Tribal Affairs, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–2414. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Inter-national and Tribal Affairs, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–2415. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2416. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Re-search and Development, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2417. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Re-search and Development, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2418. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Solid Waste and Emergency Response, received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.018 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4619 July 31, 2017 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2419. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Water, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2420. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Admin-istration and Resources Management, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2421. A communication from the Direc-tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Assistant Administrator for Admin-istration and Resources Management, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2422. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Quality Group Classification and Standards for Water-, Steam-, Radio-active-Waste-Components of Nuclear Power Plants’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.26, Revision 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2423. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Comprehensive Vibration Assessment Program for Reactor Internals During Preoperational and Initial Startup Testing’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.20, Revision 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2424. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Evaluation of Shipper-Re-ceiver Differences in the Transfer of Special Nuclear Material; Internal Transfers of Spe-cial Nuclear Material; Shipping and Receiv-ing Control of Strategic Nuclear Material’’ ((NRC–2016–0189) (Regulatory Guide 5.28, Re-vision 0; Regulatory Guide 5.49, Revision 0; and Regulatory Guide 5.57, Revision 1)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2425. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Recommended Practice for Dealing with Outlying Observations’’ (NRC– 2017–0077) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2426. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Assessment of the Assump-tion of Normality (Employing Individual Ob-served Values)’’ (NRC–2017–0161) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2427. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Dedication of Commercial- Grade Items for Use in Nuclear Power Plants’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.164, Revision 0) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2428. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance for the application of the Theft and Diversion Design-Basis Threat for Category I Fuel Cycle Facilities’’ (NRC–2017–0042) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2429. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Shipping, Receiving, and In-ternal Transfer of Special Nuclear Material at Fuel Cycle Facilities’’ (Regulatory Guide 5.41, Revision 0) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2430. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Limit of Error Concepts and Principles of Calculation in Nuclear Mate-rials Control’’ (NRC–2017–0059) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2431. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semiannual report on the continued compliance of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan with the 1974 Trade Act’s freedom of emigration provi-sions, as required under the Jackson-Vanik Amendment; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2432. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Enrollment Examination User Fee for Enrolled Agents’’ ((RIN1545–BN09) (TD 9820)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2433. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Return Due Date and Extended Due Date Changes’’ ((RIN1545– BN13) (TD 9821)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2434. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Notice 2015–77 for Participants in the HFA Hardest Hit Fund’’ (Notice 2017–40) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2435. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules Regarding the Health Insurance Premium Tax Credit’’ ((RIN1545–BM09) (TD 9822)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2436. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Branded Prescrip-tion Drug Fee’’ ((RIN1545–BM26) (TD 9823)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2437. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Sunset Date for At-torney Advisor Program’’ (RIN0960–AI06) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2438. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0129—2017–0141); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2439. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2440. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Premarket Approval of Pediatric Uses of Devices—Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2441. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Innovation and Improvement, De-partment of Education, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Definitions and Selection Criteria that Apply to Direct Grant Programs’’ (RIN1855– AA13) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2442. A communication from the Acting Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Board’s 2017 Federal Ac-tivities Inventory Reform Act inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. C OONS , Mr. K ING, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): S. 1672. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for an invest-ment tax credit related to the production of electricity from offshore wind; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): S. 1673. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code to include in income the unrepatriated earnings of groups that in-clude an inverted corporation; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.020 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4620 July 31, 2017 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. 1674. A bill to provide grants for the re-pair, renovation, and construction of public elementary schools and secondary schools, to establish a school infrastructure bond pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ): S. 1675. A bill to promote quality student loan servicing by improving the borrower ex-perience for borrowers of Federal Direct Loans; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 1676. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide grants for access to broadband telecommunications services in rural areas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. S
TRANGE ): S. 1677. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve access to grants and loans for evidence-based substance use disorder treat-ment services in rural areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 1678. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to im-prove access to grants and loans for evi-dence-based substance use disorder treat-ment services in rural areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 1679. A bill to amend the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 to increase enforce-ment of certain violations and strengthen certain transparency requirements; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 1680. A bill to decrease the incidence of food waste, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. SANDERS: S. 1681. A bill to require persons who un-dertake Federally funded research and devel-opment of drugs to enter into reasonable pricing agreements with the Secretary of Health and Human Services; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. S. 754 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 754, a bill to support meeting our Na-tion’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cybersecurity education pipeline. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term serv-ices and supports, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1169, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to pro-vide medical assistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpa-tient services to treat substance use disorders at certain facilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1182, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint com-memorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Le-gion. 
S. 1218 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1218, a bill to promote Federal employment for veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. S. 1514 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1514, a bill to amend certain Acts to reauthorize those Acts and to increase protections for wildlife, and for other purposes. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1520, a bill to expand rec-reational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1529 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1529, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-pand eligibility for the refundable cred-it for coverage under a qualified health plan. 
S. 1544 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1544, a bill to prevent Federal funds from being used to establish a cy-bersecurity unit in cooperation with the Russian Federation. 
S. 1595 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1595, a bill to amend the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose additional sanc-tions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1598, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1619 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1619, a bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to ex-tend the interest rate limitation on debt entered into during military serv-ice to debt incurred during military service to consolidate or refinance stu-dent loans incurred before military service. 
S. 1638 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1638, a bill to provide pri-ority under certain federally assisted housing programs to assist youths who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.022 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4621 July 31, 2017 
are aging out of foster care, and for other purposes. 
S. 1640 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1640, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 1657 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1657, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the privacy pro-tections for electronic communications information that is stored by third- party service providers and for geolocation information in order to protect consumer privacy interests while meeting law enforcement needs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1663 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Sen-ator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1663, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to enhance the require-ments for secure geological storage of carbon dioxide for purposes of the car-bon dioxide sequestration credit. 
S. RES. 233 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cospon-sors of S. Res. 233, a resolution desig-nating August 16, 2017, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 527 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 527 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 528 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 528 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 529 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 529 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 534 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 534 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 536 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 536 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 592 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Sen-ator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 592 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. H
ASSAN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 1674. A bill to provide grants for the repair, renovation, and construc-tion of public elementary schools and secondary schools, to establish a school infrastructure bond program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. REED. Mr. President, our public schools are critical National infra-structure. They play a central role in our Democracy—educating the next generation, serving as polling places for our elections, hosting community meetings and events, and so much more. As we consider the components of a new major Federal investment in infrastructure, we cannot afford to leave our public schools behind. That is why I am proud to be introducing the School Building Improvement Act with my colleagues Senators BROWN , CORTEZ  M
ASTO , HASSAN , WARREN , WHITEHOUSE , H
IRONO , and C ARDIN . Safe, healthy, modern, well-equipped schools are essential for advancing stu-dent achievement and ensuring that the next generation is prepared to meet the economic, social, environmental, and global challenges our Nation faces. Yet, too many of the over 50 million students and six million staff who learn and work in our public schools, spend their days in facilities that fail to make the grade. A 2014 Department of Education study estimated that it would cost $197 billion to bring all pub-lic schools into ‘‘good’’ condition. Na-tionally, there is also a $38 billion funding gap in annual capital construc-tion and new facility funding, as re-ported in the 2016 State of Our Schools report. Despite the benefits and need, however, Federal funding accounts for 0.2% of the total current capital invest-ment in our schools. Addressing this need is the right thing to do for our students and our communities. Moreover, it will give a needed boost to our economy, putting people to work in family sustaining jobs. According to an analysis by the Economic Policy Institute, every $1 billion spent on construction generates 17,785 jobs. There are plenty of examples in Rhode Island of the urgent need for ad-ditional investment in school facilities. My hometown of Cranston recently re-ported $190 million in school facility deficiencies—a startling figure. In the weeks ahead, the Rhode Island Depart-ment of Education will publish a report detailing the infrastructure shortfalls in school districts across the state. Our students and community members do not have to be convinced about the need for investing in school facilities. This spring, students, educators, and community leaders gathered in Provi-dence to talk about our schools. One participant said, ‘‘The condition of the buildings is a value statement about how we feel about our students. We must have buildings that are warm, safe, and dry.’’ The Federal govern-ment needs to be a partner in helping Rhode Island and other States in clos-ing school infrastructure funding gaps. The School Building Improvement Act of 2017 will create a Federal-State partnership for school infrastructure. It will provide, over ten years, a total of $100 billion in direct grants and school construction bonds to help fill the annual gap in school facility cap-ital needs, while creating nearly two million jobs. Specifically, the School Building Im-provement Act will provide $7 billion per year in formula funds to States for local competitive grants for school re-pair, renovation, and construction. States will focus assistance on commu-nities with the greatest financial need, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.024 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4622 July 31, 2017 
encourage green construction prac-tices, and ensure equitable access for public charter schools. Our legislation would also provide $30 billion for quali-fied school infrastructure bonds (QSIBs), $10 billion each year from FY 2018 through FY 2020 and expand the bond authority of and eligible purposes for Qualified Zone Academy Bonds (QZABS) to allow local education agen-cies to construct, rehabilitate, retrofit, or repair school facilities. The School Building Improvement Act also sup-ports American workers by ensuring that projects use American-made iron, steel, and manufactured products. I would like to thank the broad coali-tion of educators, community organiza-tions, and unions that have provided feedback and support for this legisla-tion, including Rebuild America’s Schools, American Federation of Teachers, Californians for School Fa-cilities, Council of the Great City Schools, International Union of Oper-ating Engineers, National Association of Elementary School Principals., Na-tional Association of Federally Im-pacted Schools, National Association of Secondary School Principals, Na-tional Education Association, National Parent Teacher Association, and North America’s Building Trades Unions. We look forward to expanding this coali-tion in the weeks and months ahead. We have no time to waste in fixing our deteriorating school infrastruc-ture. In the words of a student activist in Providence, ‘‘Students cannot learn in a crumbling building, a school that isn’t fit to uplift our minds.’’ We need to listen to our students, strengthen our communities, and improve our school buildings. I urge all of my col-leagues to cosponsor the School Build-ing Improvement Act. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 734. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 735. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 736. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 737. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 738. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. E
NZI) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 739. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 740. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 734. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR LUIS BARRIOS, VALENT KOLAMI, NURY CHAVARRIA, AND JOEL COLINDRES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 201 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151), Luis Barrios, Valent Kolami, Nury Chavarria, and Joel Colindres shall each be eligible for issuance of an immigrant visa or for adjustment of status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence upon filing an application for issuance of an immigrant visa under section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) or for adjustment of status to lawful permanent resident. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—If Luis Barrios, Valent Kolami, Nury Chavarria, or Joel Colindres enters the United States be-fore the filing deadline specified in sub-section (c), Luis Barrios, Valent Kolami, Nury Chavarria, or Joel Colindres, as appli-cable, shall be considered to have entered and remained lawfully in the United States and shall be eligible for adjustment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) A
PPLICATION AND PAYMENT OF FEES.— Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply only if the application for the issuance of an immigrant visa or the application for adjustment of sta-tus is filed with appropriate fees not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EDUCTION OF IMMIGRANT VISANUM-
BERS .—Upon the granting of an immigrant visa or permanent residence to Luis Barrios, Valent Kolami, Nury Chavarria, or Joel Colindres, the Secretary of State shall in-struct the proper officer to reduce by 1, dur-ing the current or next following fiscal year— (1) the total number of immigrant visas that are made available to natives of the country of birth of Luis Barrios, Valent Kolami, Nury Chavarria, or Joel Colindres, as applicable, under section 203(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)); or (2) the total number of immigrant visas that are made available to natives of the country of birth of Luis Barrios, Valent Kolami, Nury Chavarria, or Joel Colindres, as applicable, under section 202(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(e)). (e) PAYGO.—The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Com-mittee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. SA 735. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: Subtitle K—End Outsourcing Act 
SEC. 899D. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘End Outsourcing Act’’. 
SEC. 899E. OUTSOURCING STATEMENT IN WORK-ER ADJUSTMENT AND RETRAINING NOTICE. 
(a) O UTSOURCING STATEMENT .—Section 3 of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Noti-fication Act (29 U.S.C. 2102) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) O
UTSOURCING STATEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a), the employer shall include an outsourcing statement in the notice de-scribed in that subsection. The outsourcing statement shall specify whether part or all of the positions held by affected employees covered by subsection (a) will be moved to a country outside the United States, regard-less of whether the positions are moved with-in the business enterprise involved or to an-other business enterprise. The employer shall make the determination of whether the positions are being so moved in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary. The employer shall serve the notice as re-quired under subsection (a) and submit the notice to the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(2) L
IST.—Not less often than annually, the Secretary shall publish and make avail-able on the website of the Department of Labor, a list including each employer who— ‘‘(A) has included an outsourcing state-ment in a notice under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) has incurred liability under section 5, in part or in whole, because the employer or-dered a plant closing or mass layoff without having served a notice that is required, under this section, to include an outsourcing statement.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION REPORT .—The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act is amended by inserting after section 10 (29 U.S.C. 2109) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10A. IMPLEMENTATION STUDY. 
‘‘(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the implementation of section 3(e) of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notifica-tion Act (29 U.S.C. 2102(e)) by the Depart-ment of Labor. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Comptroller General shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report containing the results of the study.’’. 
SEC. 899F. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR OUT-SOURCING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 280I. OUTSOURCING EXPENSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No deduction otherwise allowable under this chapter shall be allowed for any specified outsourcing expense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.027 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4623 July 31, 2017 
‘‘(b) S PECIFIED OUTSOURCING EXPENSE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified out-sourcing expense’ means— ‘‘(A) any eligible expense paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the elimination of any business unit of the tax-payer (or of any member of any expanded af-filiated group in which the taxpayer is also a member) located within the United States, and ‘‘(B) any eligible expense paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the es-tablishment of any business unit of the tax-payer (or of any member of any expanded af-filiated group in which the taxpayer is also a member) located outside the United States, if such establishment constitutes the reloca-tion of the business unit so eliminated. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a reloca-tion shall not be treated as failing to occur merely because such elimination occurs in a different taxable year than such establish-ment. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE EXPENSES .—The term ‘eligi-ble expenses’ means— ‘‘(A) any amount for which a deduction is allowed to the taxpayer under section 162, and ‘‘(B) permit and license fees, lease broker-age fees, equipment installation costs, and, to the extent provided by the Secretary, other similar expenses. Such term does not include any compensa-tion which is paid or incurred in connection with severance from employment and, to the extent provided by the Secretary, any simi-lar amount. ‘‘(3) B
USINESS UNIT .—The term ‘business unit’ means— ‘‘(A) any trade or business, and ‘‘(B) any line of business, or functional unit, which is part of any trade or business. ‘‘(4) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘expanded affiliated group’ means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined without regard to section 1504(b)(3) and by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears in section 1504(a). A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of an expanded affiliated group if such entity is controlled (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this paragraph). ‘‘(5) O
PERATING EXPENSES NOT TAKEN INTO  
ACCOUNT .—Any amount paid or incurred in connection with the ongoing operation of a business unit shall not be treated as an amount paid or incurred in connection with the establishment or elimination of such business unit. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION TO DEDUCTIONS FOR DE -
PRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION .—In the case of any portion of a specified outsourcing ex-pense which is not deductible in the taxable year in which paid or incurred, such portion shall neither be chargeable to capital ac-count nor amortizable. ‘‘(2) P
OSSESSIONS TREATED AS PART OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘United States’ shall be treated as including each possession of the United States (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands). ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regulations which provide (or create a rebut-table presumption) that certain establish-ments of business units outside the United States will be treated as relocations (based on timing or such other factors as the Sec-retary may provide) of business units elimi-nated within the United States.’’. (b) LIMITATION ON SUBPART F INCOME OF  C
ONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS DETER -
MINED WITHOUT REGARD TO SPECIFIED OUT-
SOURCING EXPENSES .—Subsection (c) of sec-tion 952 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
ARNINGS AND PROFITS DETERMINED  
WITHOUT REGARD TO SPECIFIED OUTSOURCING  
EXPENSES .—For purposes of this subsection, earnings and profits of any controlled for-eign corporation shall be determined without regard to any specified outsourcing expense (as defined in section 280I(b)).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IX of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 280I. Outsourcing expenses.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 899G. DENIAL OF CERTAIN DEDUCTIONS AND ACCOUNTING METHODS FOR OUTSOURCING EMPLOYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 280J. LIMITATIONS FOR OUTSOURCING EM-PLOYERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—During the disallowance period, an applicable taxpayer— ‘‘(1) shall not be allowed any deduction under section 199 for any income of the tax-payer, ‘‘(2) may not use the method provided in section 472(b) in inventorying goods, ‘‘(3) may not use the lower of cost or mar-ket method of determining inventories for purposes of determining income, and ‘‘(4) shall not be allowed any deduction under section 163 for interest paid or accrued on indebtedness. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘applicable tax-payer’ means a taxpayer which— ‘‘(1) during the taxable year, has served written notice under subsection (a) of sec-tion 3 of the Worker Adjustment and Re-training Notification Act which includes an outsourcing statement described in sub-section (e) of such section, and ‘‘(2) the cumulative employment loss (ex-cluding any part-time employees) for posi-tions at facilities owned by such taxpayer which will be moved to a country outside of the United States, as determined pursuant to any outsourcing statements served by such taxpayer during such taxable year, exceeds 50 employees. ‘‘(c) D
ISALLOWANCE PERIOD .—For purposes of subsection (a), the disallowance period is the period of 3 taxable years after the tax-able year in which the statements described in subsection (b)(2) are required to be served. ‘‘(d) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP TREATED  
ASSINGLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this section, the members of an expanded affili-ated group (as defined in section 280I(b)(4)) shall be treated as a single taxpayer. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IX of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 280J. Limitations for outsourcing em-ployers.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. SEC. 899H. RECAPTURE OF CREDITS FOR OUT-SOURCING EMPLOYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subpart: ‘‘Subpart K—Recapture of Credits for Outsourcing Employers ‘‘Sec. 54BB. Recapture of credits for out-sourcing employers. 
‘‘SEC. 54BB. RECAPTURE OF CREDITS FOR OUT-SOURCING EMPLOYERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary, in the case of a taxpayer which owns a facility for which there is an outsourcing event during the tax-able year, the tax under this chapter for such taxable year shall be increased by the amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) any credits allowed under this chapter relating to expenses for design, construction, operation, or maintenance of such facility during the 5 taxable years preceding such taxable year, and ‘‘(2) any grants provided by the Secretary in lieu of credits described in paragraph (1) during the 5 taxable years preceding such taxable year. ‘‘(b) O
UTSOURCING EVENT .—For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘outsourcing event’ means a plant closing or mass layoff (as de-scribed in section 2(a) of the Worker Adjust-ment and Retraining Notification Act) in which the employment loss (excluding any part-time employees) for positions which will be moved to a country outside of the United States, as determined pursuant to the outsourcing statement (as described in para-graph (1) of such section 3(e) of such Act) served by the taxpayer during the taxable year, exceeds 50 employees. ‘‘(c) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP TREATED  
ASSINGLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this section, the members of an expanded affili-ated group (as defined in section 280I(b)(4)) shall be treated as a single taxpayer.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subparts for part IV of subchapter A of chap-ter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBPART K . RECAPTURE OF CREDITS FOR  
OUTSOURCING EMPLOYERS ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 899I. CREDIT FOR INSOURCING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. CREDIT FOR INSOURCING EXPENSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 38, the insourcing expenses credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 20 per-cent of the eligible insourcing expenses of the taxpayer which are taken into account in such taxable year under subsection (d). ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE INSOURCING EXPENSES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible insourcing expenses’ means— ‘‘(A) eligible expenses paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the elimi-nation of any business unit of the taxpayer (or of any member of any expanded affiliated group in which the taxpayer is also a mem-ber) located outside the United States, and ‘‘(B) eligible expenses paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the estab-lishment of any business unit of the tax-payer (or of any member of any expanded af-filiated group in which the taxpayer is also a member) located within— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.030 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4624 July 31, 2017 
‘‘(i) a HUBZone (as defined in section 3(p)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(2))), or ‘‘(ii) a low-income community (as de-scribed in section 45D(e)), if such establishment constitutes the reloca-tion of the business unit so eliminated. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a reloca-tion shall not be treated as failing to occur merely because such elimination occurs in a different taxable year than such establish-ment. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE EXPENSES .—The term ‘eligi-ble expenses’ means— ‘‘(A) any amount for which a deduction is allowed to the taxpayer under section 162, and ‘‘(B) permit and license fees, lease broker-age fees, equipment installation costs, and, to the extent provided by the Secretary, other similar expenses. Such term does not include any compensa-tion which is paid or incurred in connection with severance from employment and, to the extent provided by the Secretary, any simi-lar amount. ‘‘(3) B
USINESS UNIT .—The term ‘business unit’ means— ‘‘(A) any trade or business, and ‘‘(B) any line of business, or functional unit, which is part of any trade or business. ‘‘(4) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘expanded affiliated group’ means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined without regard to section 1504(b)(3) and by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears in section 1504(a). A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of an expanded affiliated group if such entity is controlled (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this paragraph). ‘‘(5) E
XPENSES MUST BE PURSUANT TO  
INSOURCING PLAN .—Amounts shall be taken into account under paragraph (1) only to the extent that such amounts are paid or in-curred pursuant to a written plan to carry out the relocation described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) O
PERATING EXPENSES NOT TAKEN INTO  
ACCOUNT .—Any amount paid or incurred in connection with the on-going operation of a business unit shall not be treated as an amount paid or incurred in connection with the establishment or elimination of such business unit. ‘‘(c) I
NCREASED DOMESTIC EMPLOYMENT RE-
QUIREMENT .—No credit shall be allowed under this section unless the number of full- time equivalent employees of the taxpayer for the taxable year for which the credit is claimed exceeds the number of full-time equivalent employees of the taxpayer for the last taxable year ending before the first tax-able year in which such eligible insourcing expenses were paid or incurred. For purposes of this subsection, full-time equivalent em-ployees has the meaning given such term under section 45R(d) (and the applicable rules of section 45R(e)). All employers treat-ed as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 shall be treated as a single employer for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(d) C
REDIT ALLOWED UPONCOMPLETION OF  I
NSOURCING PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), eligible insourcing expenses shall be taken into account under subsection (a) in the taxable year during which the plan described in subsection (b)(5) has been com-pleted and all eligible insourcing expenses pursuant to such plan have been paid or in-curred. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION TO APPLY EMPLOYMENT TEST  
AND CLAIM CREDIT IN FIRST FULL TAXABLE  YEAR AFTER COMPLETION OF PLAN .—If the tax-payer elects the application of this para-graph, eligible insourcing expenses shall be taken into account under subsection (a) in the first taxable year after the taxable year described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) P
OSSESSIONS TREATED AS PART OF THE  U
NITED STATES .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘United States’ shall be treat-ed as including each possession of the United States (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands). ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section.’’. (b) C
REDIT TOBEPART OF GENERAL BUSI-
NESS CREDIT .—Subsection (b) of section 38 of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by striking the pe-riod at the end of paragraph (36) and insert-ing ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(37) the insourcing expenses credit deter-mined under section 45S(a).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 45S. Credit for insourcing expenses.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (e) A
PPLICATION TO UNITED STATES POSSES -
SIONS .— (1) P
AYMENTS TO POSSESSIONS .— (A) M
IRROR CODE POSSESSIONS .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury shall make periodic payments to each possession of the United States with a mirror code tax system in an amount equal to the loss to that possession by reason of section 45S of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. Such amount shall be de-termined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on information provided by the gov-ernment of the respective possession. (B) O
THER POSSESSIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall make annual payments to each possession of the United States which does not have a mirror code tax system in an amount estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury as being equal to the aggregate benefits that would have been provided to residents of such possession by reason of sec-tion 45S of such Code if a mirror code tax system had been in effect in such possession. The preceding sentence shall not apply with respect to any possession of the United States unless such possession has a plan, which has been approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, under which such possession will promptly distribute such payment to the residents of such possession. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH CREDIT ALLOWED  
AGAINST UNITED STATES INCOME TAXES .—No credit shall be allowed against United States income taxes under section 45S of such Code to any person— (A) to whom a credit is allowed against taxes imposed by the possession by reason of such section, or (B) who is eligible for a payment under a plan described in paragraph (1)(B). (3) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— (A) P
OSSESSIONS OF THE UNITED STATES .— For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘pos-session of the United States’’ includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (B) M
IRROR CODE TAX SYSTEM .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘‘mirror code tax system’’ means, with respect to any pos-session of the United States, the income tax system of such possession if the income tax liability of the residents of such possession under such system is determined by ref-erence to the income tax laws of the United States as if such possession were the United States. (C) TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—For pur- poses of section 1324(b)(2) of title 31, United States Code, the payments under this section shall be treated in the same manner as a re-fund due from sections referred to in such section 1324(b)(2). 
SEC. 899J. AUTHORITY FOR FEDERAL CON-TRACTING OFFICERS TO TAKE THE OUTSOURCING OF JOBS FROM THE UNITED STATES INTO ACCOUNT IN AWARDING CONTRACTS. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND RELATED  A
GENCY CONTRACTS .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION OF OUTSOURCING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2327 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2327a. Contracts: consideration of out-sourcing of jobs ‘‘(a) D
ISCLOSURE OF OUTSOURCING OF  J
OBS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall require a contractor that submits a bid or proposal in response to a solicitation issued by the agency to disclose in that bid or proposal if the contractor, or a subsidiary of the contractor, owns a facility for which there is an outsourcing event during the three-year period ending on the date of the submittal of the bid or proposal. ‘‘(2) O
UTSOURCING EVENT .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘outsourcing event’ means a plant closing or mass layoff (as de-scribed in section 2(a) of the Worker Adjust-ment and Retraining Notification Act) in which the employment loss (excluding any part-time employees) for positions which will be moved to a country outside of the United States, as determined pursuant to the outsourcing statement (as described in para-graph (1) of such section 3(e) of such Act) served by the taxpayer during the taxable year, exceeds 50 employees. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATION AUTHORIZED .—(1) Agen- cy contracting officers considering bids or proposals in response to a solicitation issued by the agency may take into account any disclosure made pursuant to subsection (a) in such bids and proposals. ‘‘(2) The head of an agency may establish a negative preference of up to 10 percent of the cost of a contract for purposes of evaluating a bid or proposal of a contractor that makes a disclosure pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that agency contracting officers should, using section 2304(b)(3) of this title, exclude contractors making a disclosure pur-suant to subsection (a) in response to solici-tations issued by the agency from the bid-ding process in connection with such solici-tations on the grounds that the actions de-scribed in the disclosures are against the public interests of the United States. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The head of each agency shall submit to Congress each year a report on the following: ‘‘(1) The number of solicitations made by the agency during the preceding year for which disclosures were made pursuant to subsection (a) in responsive bids or pro-posals. ‘‘(2) The number of contracts awarded by the agency during the preceding year in which such disclosures were taken into ac-count in the contract award.’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2327 the following new item: ‘‘2327a. Contracts: consideration of outsourc-ing of jobs.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.030 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4625 July 31, 2017 
(2) E XCLUSION OF FIRMS FROM SOURCES .— Section 2304(b) of such title is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The head of an agency may provide for the procurement of property and services covered by this chapter using competitive procedures but excluding a source making a disclosure pursuant to section 2327a(a) of this title in the bid or proposal in response to the solicitation issued by the agency if the head of the agency determines that the actions described by disclosure are against the public interests of the United States and the source is to be excluded on those grounds. Any such determination shall take into account the sense of Congress set forth in section 2327a(c) of this title.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (3)’’. (b) O
THER FEDERAL CONTRACTS .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION OF OUTSOURCING .—Chap- ter 35 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3303 the following new section: ‘‘§ 3303a. Bidders outsourcing jobs: disclosure of outsourcing; consideration of outsourc-ing in award; exclusion from sources ‘‘(a) D
ISCLOSURE OF OUTSOURCING OF  J
OBS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an executive agency shall require a contractor that sub-mits a bid or proposal in response to a solici-tation issued by the executive agency to dis-close in that bid or proposal if the con-tractor, or a subsidiary of the contractor, owns a facility for which there is an out-sourcing event during the three-year period ending on the date of the submittal of the bid or proposal. ‘‘(2) O
UTSOURCING EVENT .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘outsourcing event’ means a plant closing or mass layoff (as de-scribed in section 2(a) of the Worker Adjust-ment and Retraining Notification Act) in which the employment loss (excluding any part-time employees) for positions which will be moved to a country outside of the United States, as determined pursuant to the outsourcing statement (as described in para-graph (1) of such section 3(e) of such Act) served by the taxpayer during the taxable year, exceeds 50 employees. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATION AUTHORIZED .—(1) Con- tracting officers of an executive agency con-sidering bids or proposals in response to a so-licitation issued by the executive agency may take into account any disclosure made pursuant to subsection (a) in such bids and proposals. ‘‘(2) The head of an executive agency may establish a negative preference of up to 10 percent of the cost of a contract for purposes of evaluating a bid or proposal of a con-tractor that makes a disclosure pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROMSOURCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an executive agency may provide for the procurement of property and services using competitive pro-cedures but excluding a source making a dis-closure under subsection (a) in the bid or proposal in response to the solicitation issued by the executive agency if the head of the executive agency determines that the ac-tions described by disclosure are against the public interests of the United States and the source is to be excluded on those grounds. Any such determination shall take into ac-count the sense of Congress set forth in para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that contracting officers of execu-tive agencies may use paragraph (1) to ex-clude contractors making a disclosure pursu-ant to subsection (a) in response to a solici-tation issued by the executive agency from the bidding process in connection with the solicitation on the grounds that the actions described by the disclosure are against the public interests of the United States. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL REPORT .—The head of each ex-ecutive agency shall submit to Congress each year a report on the following: ‘‘(1) The number of solicitations made by the executive agency during the preceding year for which disclosures were made pursu-ant to subsection (a) in responsive bids or proposals. ‘‘(2) The number of contracts awarded to contractors that disclosed having outsourced more than 50 jobs during the preceding three years.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3303 the following new item: ‘‘3303a. Bidders outsourcing jobs: disclosure of outsourcing; consideration of outsourcing in award; exclusion from sources.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3301(a) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘3303a(c),’’ after ‘‘3303,’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council, in consultation with the heads of relevant agencies, shall amend the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation and the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement to carry out the requirements of section 3303a of title 41, United States Code, and section 2327a of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section. (2) D
EFINITION OF OUTSOURCING .—For pur- poses of defining outsourcing pursuant to paragraph (1), the Federal Acquisition Regu-latory Council may utilize regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of Labor. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under inter-national agreements. 
SA 736. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2826. LAND CONVEYANCE, MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE, IDAHO. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may convey, without consideration, to the City of Mountain Home, Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 4.25 miles of railroad spur located near Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, as further described in subsection (c), for the purpose of economic development. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the land conveyed under subsection (a), the City shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the fair market value of the land, as determined by an appraisal approved by the Secretary. The City shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary, whether by cash payment, in-kind consider-ation as described under paragraph (2), or a combination thereof. (2) IN-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the City under para-graph (1) may include the acquisition, con-struction, provision, improvement, mainte-nance, repair, or restoration (including envi-ronmental restoration), or combination thereof, of any facility or infrastructure under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RE -
CEIVED .—Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the sepa-rate fund in the Treasury described in sec-tion 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (1) F
INALIZING LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall finalize a map and the legal de-scription of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a). (2) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force may correct any minor errors in the map or the legal description. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—The map and legal de-scription shall be on file and available for public inspection. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the City to cover all costs (ex-cept costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the City in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) U
SERESERVATION .—The Secretary may reserve a right to temporarily use, for urgent reasons of national defense and at no cost to the United States, all or a portion of the railroad spur conveyed under subsection (a). (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SA 737. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. C ORNYN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.030 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4626 July 31, 2017 
of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 573. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO JAMES MEGELLAS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING BATTLE OF THE BULGE. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIME LIMITATIONS .—Not- withstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with re-spect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of such title to James Megellas, formerly of Fond du Lac, Wis-consin, and currently of Colleyville, Texas, for the acts of valor during World War II de-scribed in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of James Megellas on January 28, 1945, in Herresbach, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge when, as a first lieutenant in the 82d Airborne Division, he led a surprise and devastating attack on a much larger advanc-ing enemy force, killing and capturing a large number and causing others to flee, sin-gle-handedly destroying an attacking Ger-man Mark V tank with two hand-held gre-nades, and then leading his men in clearing and seizing Herresbach. 
SA 738. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. E
NZI) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. llll. EXPANSION OF PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF VETERANS MEMORIAL OBJECTS WITHOUT SPECIFIC AU-THORIZATION BY LAW. 
Paragraph (3) of section 2572(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) The prohibition imposed by paragraph (1) does not apply to a transfer of a veterans memorial object that is specifically author-ized by law.’’. 
SA 739. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ITEMIZED LIST OF ITEMS ACQUIRED FROM FOREIGN ENTITIES THROUGH BUY AMERICAN NON-AVAILABILITY WAIVERS. 
Section 8302(b)(2) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sup-plies; and’’ and inserting ‘‘supplies;’’; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) an itemized list of all articles, mate-rials, and supplies acquired through waivers pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(B).’’. SA 740. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INTEGRITY IN BORDER AND IMMIGRA-TION ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Integrity in Border and Immi-gration Enforcement Act’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) L
AW ENFORCEMENT POSITION .—The term ‘‘law enforcement position’’ means any law enforcement position in U.S. Customs and Border Protection (‘‘CBP’’) or U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement (‘‘ICE’’). (2) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINATION .—The term ‘‘polygraph examination’’ means the Law Enforcement Pre-Employment Test certified by the National Center for Credibility As-sessment. (c) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINATIONS FOR LAWEN-
FORCEMENT PERSONNEL .— (1) A
PPLICANTS .—Beginning not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity— (A) shall require that polygraph examina-tions are conducted on all applicants for law enforcement positions; and (B) may not hire any applicant for a law enforcement position who does not pass a polygraph examination. (2) T
ARGETED POLYGRAPH REINVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, as part of each background reinvestigation, shall ad-minister a polygraph examination to— (A) every CBP law enforcement employee who is determined by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security to be part of a population at risk of corruption or misconduct, based on an analysis of past incidents of misconduct and corruption; and (B) every ICE law enforcement employee who is determined by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security to be part of a population at risk of corruption or misconduct, based on an analysis of past incidents of misconduct and corruption. (3) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO DETERMINE  
TARGETED POLYGRAPH EXAMINATIONS .—The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security may— (A) delegate the authority under paragraph (2)(A) to the CBP Office of Professional Re-sponsibility; and (B) delegate the authority under paragraph (2)(B) to the ICE Office of Professional Re-sponsibility. (4) R
ANDOM POLYGRAPH REINVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) randomly administer a polygraph ex-amination each year to at least 5 percent of CBP law enforcement employees who are un-dergoing background reinvestigations during that year and have not been selected for a targeted polygraph examination under para-graph (2)(A); and (B) randomly administer a polygraph ex-amination each year to at least 5 percent of ICE law enforcement employees who are un-dergoing background reinvestigations during that year and have not been selected for a targeted polygraph examination under para-graph (2)(B). f EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive Calendar Nos. 195 through 223, with the excep-tion of COL John K. Muller, and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy; that the nomina-tions be confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the Record; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Steven L. Kwast The following named officer for reappoint-ment as the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indi-cated while assigned to a position of impor-tance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 154: To be general Gen. Paul J. Selva 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Bruce T. Crawford 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. John B. Cooper 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. John B. Dunlap, III 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.031 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4627 July 31, 2017 
Col. Donald R. Emerson Col. David Fleming, III Col. Ryan T. Pace Col. Andrew M. Roman The following named Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Deborah Y. Howell The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Stephen R. Lyons The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Charles W. Hooper The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Edward M. Daly The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sec-tions 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Michelle M. Rose 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Daniel W. Dwyer The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Ross A. Myers 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. John J. Broadmeadow The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Kenneth F. McKenzie, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Vincent R. Stewart The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Herman S. Clardy, III 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. William C. Mayville, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601 and for appointment as a Senior Member of the Military Staff Com-mittee of the United Nations under title 10, U.S.C., section 711: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Richard D. Clarke IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Frederick J. Roegge 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Daniel J. O’Donohue The following named officer for appoint-ment to the grade of lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Michael A. Rocco The following named officer for appoint-ment to the grade of lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Mark A. Brilakis 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. John D. Slocum The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. Anthony J. Carrelli The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Sam C. Barrett 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Michael N. Adame Col. Jaime A. Areizaga Col. Thomas G. Behling Col. Karen A. Berry Col. Robyn J. Blader Col. Darrell L. Butters Col. Stephen M. Doyle Col. John J. Driscoll Col. Larry D. Fletcher Col. David A. Gagnon Col. Terry L. Grisham Col. Herman W. Holt Col. Todd H. Hubbard Col. Jonathan S. Hubbard Col. Manley James Col. David M. Jenkins Col. John T. Kelly Col. Steven J. Kremer Col. Scott M. MacLeod Col. Sharon A. Martin Col. Brian R. Nesvik Col. Donald D. Perez Col. Stephen M. Radulski Col. Carl T. Reese Col. Robert K. Ryan Col. Lawrence E. Schloegl Col. Grant C. Slayden Col. Troy J. Soukup Col. Brian E. Tate Col. Jeffrey M. Terrill Col. Patrick C. Thibodeau The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. John C. Andonie Col. Jimmie L. Cole Col. William T. Conway Col. Jeffrey L. Copeland Col. Peter B. Cross Col. Jon M. Harrison Col. Stefanie K. Horvath Col. Lowell E. Kruse Col. Haldane B. Lamberton Col. Stephen F. Logan Col. Franklin D. Powell Col. Carlton G. Smith Col. Timothy N. Thombleson Col. Cynthia K. Tinkham The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Samuel AgostoSantiago Col. Herbert J. Brock, IV Col. Charles G. Cody Col. Charles T. Crosby Col. Jakie R. Davis, Jr. Col. Mark D. Drown Col. Curtis W. Faulk Col. Timothy A. Glynn Col. Richard A. Gray Col. Gregory J. Hadfield Col. Thomas W. Hanley Col. Shawn A. Harris Col. Ralph F. Hedenberg Col. Jackie A. Huber Col. David T. Manfredi Col. Judith D. Martin Col. William M. Myer Col. Ralph R. Myers, Jr. Col. Eric J. Oh Col. Amos P. Parker, Jr. Col. Joseph K. Pearce Col. Debra D. Rice Col. Douglas C. Rose, Jr. Col. Mark J. Schindler Col. Farin D. Schwartz Col. Ronald F. Taylor Col. Daniel L. Townsend Col. William L Zana 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.054 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4628 July 31, 2017 
To be vice admiral Rear Adm. (lh) William R. Merz N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN538 AIR FORCE nominations (1223) be-ginning WILLIAM JOHN ACKMAN, and end-ing MICHAEL D. ZOLLARS, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 5, 2017. PN630 AIR FORCE nomination of Lisa E. Donovan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN631 AIR FORCE nomination of Kirt L. Stallings, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN632 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning Michael G. Rhode, and ending Scott D. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 15, 2017. PN633 AIR FORCE nomination of Richard L. Allen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN704 AIR FORCE nomination of Michael J. Silverman, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN705 AIR FORCE nomination of Maiya D. Anderson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN706 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning KIMBERLY M. KITTLESON, and end-ing KEVIN C. PETERSON, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN707 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning CECILIA A. FLORIO, and ending JOHN M. FEJES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 26, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  PN634 ARMY nominations (4) beginning JAMES C. BENSON, and ending JACOB S. LOFTICE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 15, 2017. PN635 ARMY nomination of Timothy D. Litka, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN636 ARMY nomination of Scott D. Blackwell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN637 ARMY nominations (150) beginning MICHAEL A. ADAMS, and ending D012118, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN638 ARMY nominations (32) beginning TODD R. ANDERSON, and ending JOHN F. YANIKOV, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 15, 2017. PN639 ARMY nominations (11) beginning DOUGLAS A. ALLEN, and ending THOMAS K. SARROUF, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN640 ARMY nominations (18) beginning CHARLES E. BANE, and ending MATTHEW D. WEGNER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN641 ARMY nomination of Dareen A. Douchi, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN643 ARMY nomination of Brandon J. Baer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN644 ARMY nomination of Barry Murray, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN645 ARMY nominations (82) beginning FRANCIS K. AGYAPONG, and ending SASHI A. ZICKEFOOSE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN646 ARMY nominations (109) beginning JOSEPH H. AFANADOR, and ending D013069, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN647 ARMY nominations (26) beginning BERT M. BAKER, and ending MARIA R. S. YATES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 15, 2017. PN649 ARMY nominations (28) beginning BRECK S. BREWER, and ending DIANA W. WEBER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 15, 2017. PN651 ARMY nominations (2) beginning DANIEL F. ALEMANY, and ending BRIT-TANY E. MCCROAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN652 ARMY nomination of Wil B. Neubauer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN653 ARMY nomination of Mark C. Gil-lespie, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN708 ARMY nomination of Joseph M. O’Callaghan, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN709 ARMY nomination of Bret P. Van Poppel, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN710 ARMY nomination of Aliya I. Wil-son, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN767 ARMY nomination of William O. Murray, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. PN768 ARMY nomination of Patrick R. Wilde, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. PN769 ARMY nomination of Jeff H. McDonald, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. PN770 ARMY nominations (292) beginning EDWARD V. ABRAHAMSON, and ending D012929, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 13, 2017. PN771 ARMY nominations (393) beginning SCOTT J. AKERLEY, and ending D002220, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. PN772 ARMY nominations (497) beginning RYAN C. AGEE, and ending D011536, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. PN773 ARMY nominations (88) beginning ERIK C. ALFSEN, and ending D013346, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. PN774 ARMY nominations (19) beginning BRADFORD A. BAUMANN, and ending THOMAS B. VAUGHN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. PN775 ARMY nomination of Jay A. Johannigman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  * PN578 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (164) beginning Nicholas Raymond Abbate, and ending Elizabeth Marie Wysocki, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 6, 2017. * PN579 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (106) beginning Gabriela R. Arias Villela, and ending Haenim Yoo, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 6, 2017. * PN580 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (4) beginning Andrew Anderson-Sprecher, and ending Evan Nicholas Mangino, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 6, 2017. * PN581 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (4) beginning Rameeth Hundle, and ending Loren Stender, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 6, 2017. * PN730 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (53) beginning Andrew K. Abordonado, and ending Peter B. Winter, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 29, 2017. 
IN THE NAVY  PN655 NAVY nominations (44) beginning CAMERON M. BALMA, and ending SCOTT D. ZIEGENHORN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN656 NAVY nominations (19) beginning RICHARD A. ACKERMAN, and ending PA-TRICIA R. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN657 NAVY nominations (28) beginning SARAH R. BOUTWELL, and ending AN-DREW F. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN658 NAVY nominations (7) beginning JEREMIAH E. CHAPLIN, and ending JEA-NETTE SHEETS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN659 NAVY nomination of Linwood O. Lewis, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN660 NAVY nomination of Brian A. Evick, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN661 NAVY nominations (15) beginning KRISTOPHER M. BRAZIL, and ending SHEREE T. WILLIAMS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN662 NAVY nominations (479) beginning BRYCE D. ABBOTT, and ending SHANE M. ZIMMERMAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN663 NAVY nominations (32) beginning JEREMIAH P. ANDERSON, and ending ASH-LEY S. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN664 NAVY nominations (17) beginning STACY J. G. ARENSTEIN, and ending HENRY L. THOMASON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN665 NAVY nominations (14) beginning KELLY W. BOWMAN, JR., and ending ROB-ERT H. VOHRER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN666 NAVY nominations (10) beginning LARA R. BOLLINGER, and ending CANDICE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.056 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4629 July 31, 2017 
C. TRESCH, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN667 NAVY nominations (13) beginning PATRICK P. DAVIS, and ending SEAN C. STEVENS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 15, 2017. PN668 NAVY nominations (42) beginning JEFFRY A. ALSUP, and ending TERRY N. TRAWEEK, JR., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 15, 2017. PN711 NAVY nomination of Linda C. Sey-mour, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN712 NAVY nomination of Chad J. Trubilla, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 26, 2017. PN776 NAVY nominations (49) beginning PATRICK R. ADAMS, and ending JAMES T. WATTERS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 13, 2017. PN777 NAVY nomination of Randall G. Schimpf, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2017. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 3219 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, August 1; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Newsom nomination, with all time during morning business, re-cess, adjournment, and leader remarks counting postcloture on the Newsom nomination; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ROWN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
WELLS FARGO AND FORCED ARBITRATION Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, a number of Wall Street banks, car title lenders, big corporations, and payday loan sharks have two things in common: They have a record of ripping off con-sumers, and they have armies of expen-sive lawyers and lobbyists in Wash-ington, in Columbus, and in State cap-itals all over this country who protect them from facing the consequences. That is why it is so important that ordinary American consumers have their own cop on the beat—the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. The recent abuses by Wells Fargo are the latest proof of how necessary the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau’s work is. Less than a year ago, we learned that Wells Fargo secretly opened millions of phony bank and credit card accounts without customers’ permission. The CEO of Wells Fargo had to resign as a result. This was an outrageous abuse of American consumers. The sheer size and scope of this scam are breath-taking. In total, Wells Fargo may have opened as many as 3.5 million unau-thorized accounts—meaning, it opened these accounts without the accountholders even necessarily know-ing that they did it, without permis-sion—costing customers some $2.5 mil-lion in fees. The abuses are bad enough. To make matters worse, Wells Fargo tried to keep this scandal hidden from the pub-lic, and it used something called the ‘‘forced arbitration clauses,’’ which are buried in the fine print of customers’ contracts, to deny them their day in court. There is hardly anybody in this country who has not confronted small print in a contract when signing that contract, especially with a financial in-stitution. Customers first sued over these fake accounts back in 2013, but Wells Fargo then forced them into se-cret arbitration proceedings, keeping this scam under wraps and blocking consumers from obtaining any relief. Last year, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and other watch-dogs blew the lid off of this scandal. Customers sued once again, and, once again, the bank tried to block them from getting relief in court. This time, because of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the LA Times, and others who shone a light on the scandal and on all of the bad press that went with it, Wells Fargo relented. So, after two congressional hearings and a flood of bad headlines, Wells Fargo is cutting a deal in its phony account scandal. Yet now we have learned that this is not the only scam that one of Amer-ica’s largest banks has pulled. Just last week, we learned that the bank forced unwanted insurance on 800,000 auto loan borrowers, potentially pushing tens of thousands into default and repossession, and it is still using these forced arbitration clauses in its contracts in order to cheat future con-sumers, including in the contracts in this auto loan scam. The only thing more outrageous than the fact that Wells Fargo continues to cheat its customers is the fact that Members of Congress—a lot of Mem-bers of Congress in this body and down the hall—are trying to make it even harder for those customers to seek jus-tice in their overturning the arbitra-tion rule. They think that forced arbi-tration and the fine print, which most people do not read and most people do not understand if they do read it, is le-gitimate. No wonder so many hard- working Americans believe that the system is rigged against them in Wall Street’s favor. These scams have caused real damage for hundreds of thousands of Americans as 275,000 Wells Fargo customers have been forced into delinquency by being charged for unnecessary insurance, and 20,000 vehicles have been unfairly re-possessed because of this bank’s behav-ior. Wells Fargo is not alone. Santander has used forced arbitration clauses against servicemembers. It is a Spanish company that does business in the United States and uses forced arbitra-tion clauses against American service-members—again, for illegal car repos-sessions. In 2015, Santander used forced arbitration to block an Army National Guard sergeant from seeking justice after the bank illegally repossessed his car while he was serving our country overseas. I see that kind of thing happening at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton. Air Force men and women are not always making big salaries, to put it mildly, as they are serving their country. They do not make a lot of money, and a lot of these young fami-lies struggle. Yet predators—companies like Wells Fargo and payday lenders— continue to prey on them. The Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau stands with them. The CFPB is looking out for folks like the Army National Guard sergeant, like those at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and like those at the Air Force bases in Springfield and Mansfield and Toledo and Youngstown. Yet, with all of this happening, some Members of Congress, again, are doing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.057 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4630 July 31, 2017 
the bidding of Wall Street lobbyists. The Bureau just finalized a new rule that limits the arbitration clauses that allow big corporations to get away with ripping off servicemembers, stu-dents, and other hard-working Ameri-cans, but the ink is barely dry on this new consumer protection, and big banks and their allies in Congress—and God knows they have a lot of allies in Congress and allies in the administra-tion—are already trying to overturn this rule. Last week, Republicans in the House voted to overturn this rule that en-sures that all Ohioans who have been ripped off by banks or payday lenders are able to have their day in court. De-spite promising during his campaign to look out for the little guy, President Trump’s Acting Comptroller of the Currency, who is also—alas—a former Wells Fargo lawyer, is trying to get the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to back off that rule. It is unconscionable that Washington politicians are undermining the rights of consumers to have their day in court when they are cheated by banks and payday lenders. Folks in Washington who want to dismantle the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and gut its rules seem to have collective amne-sia about the devastation that Wall Street greed has wreaked on commu-nities across the country, but most Ohioans do not have that luxury. They are still recovering. I and my wife, Connie, live in the city of Cleveland, with the ZIP Code 44105. At this time 10 years ago, during the first half of 2007, there were more foreclosures in that ZIP Code than in any ZIP Code in the United States of America. So I have seen the aftermath. I have seen what has happened with Wall Street greed and the kind of col-lective amnesia in this body whenever Wall Street wants something, when-ever the payday lenders want some-thing, whenever the big banks want something, and Congress rushes in to help them and to respond to their lob-byists and their lawyers who lobby this body. It is pretty simple. Gutting the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau’s arbitration rule means banks get away with cheating their customers. So I ask Senators in this body to ask themselves: Whose side are you on? Are you on the side of the payday lenders and Wells Fargo when they defraud the public or are you on the side of service men and women and the side of people who have lost their cars, which were repossessed because of the unilateral actions by this bank? Those are the same big banks that preyed on working families before the crisis wrecked the economy and handed taxpayers the bill. Is that whose side we are on or are we on the side of con-sumers? Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A .M. TOMORROW  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:37 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, August 1, 2017, at 10 a.m. f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate July 31, 2017: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. STEVEN L. KWAST THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REAPPOINT-MENT AS THE VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 154: 
To be general 
GEN. PAUL J. SELVA 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRUCE T. CRAWFORD 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN B. COOPER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN B. DUNLAP III COL. DONALD R. EMERSON COL. DAVID FLEMING III COL. RYAN T. PACE COL. ANDREW M. ROMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DEBORAH Y. HOWELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. STEPHEN R. LYONS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHARLES W. HOOPER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. EDWARD M. DALY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHELLE M. ROSE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DANIEL W. DWYER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) ROSS A. MYERS IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN J. BROADMEADOW THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. KENNETH F. MCKENZIE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. VINCENT R. STEWART THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. HERMAN S. CLARDY III 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. WILLIAM C. MAYVILLE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601 AND FOR APPOINTMENT AS A SENIOR MEMBER OF THE MILITARY STAFF COMMITTEE OF THE UNITED NATIONS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 711: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. RICHARD D. CLARKE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. FREDERICK J. ROEGGE 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DANIEL J. O’DONOHUE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL A. ROCCO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. MARK A. BRILAKIS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOHN D. SLOCUM THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ANTHONY J. CARRELLI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. SAM C. BARRETT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G31JY6.017 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4631 July 31, 2017 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL N. ADAME COL. JAIME A. AREIZAGA COL. THOMAS G. BEHLING COL. KAREN A. BERRY COL. ROBYN J. BLADER COL. DARRELL L. BUTTERS COL. STEPHEN M. DOYLE COL. JOHN J. DRISCOLL COL. LARRY D. FLETCHER COL. DAVID A. GAGNON COL. TERRY L. GRISHAM COL. HERMAN W. HOLT COL. TODD H. HUBBARD COL. JONATHAN S. HUBBARD COL. MANLEY JAMES COL. DAVID M. JENKINS COL. JOHN T. KELLY COL. STEVEN J. KREMER COL. SCOTT M. MACLEOD COL. SHARON A. MARTIN COL. BRIAN R. NESVIK COL. DONALD D. PEREZ COL. STEPHEN M. RADULSKI COL. CARL T. REESE COL. ROBERT K. RYAN COL. LAWRENCE E. SCHLOEGL COL. GRANT C. SLAYDEN COL. TROY J. SOUKUP COL. BRIAN E. TATE COL. JEFFREY M. TERRILL COL. PATRICK C. THIBODEAU THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN C. ANDONIE COL. JIMMIE L. COLE COL. WILLIAM T. CONWAY COL. JEFFREY L. COPELAND COL. PETER B. CROSS COL. JON M. HARRISON COL. STEFANIE K. HORVATH COL. LOWELL E. KRUSE COL. HALDANE B. LAMBERTON COL. STEPHEN F. LOGAN COL. FRANKLIN D. POWELL COL. CARLTON G. SMITH COL. TIMOTHY N. THOMBLESON COL. CYNTHIA K. TINKHAM THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SAMUEL AGOSTOSANTIAGO COL. HERBERT J. BROCK IV COL. CHARLES G. CODY COL. CHARLES T. CROSBY COL. JAKIE R. DAVIS, JR. COL. MARK D. DROWN COL. CURTIS W. FAULK COL. TIMOTHY A. GLYNN COL. RICHARD A. GRAY COL. GREGORY J. HADFIELD COL. THOMAS W. HANLEY COL. SHAWN A. HARRIS COL. RALPH F. HEDENBERG COL. JACKIE A. HUBER COL. DAVID T. MANFREDI COL. JUDITH D. MARTIN COL. WILLIAM M. MYER COL. RALPH R. MYERS, JR. COL. ERIC J. OH COL. AMOS P. PARKER, JR. COL. JOSEPH K. PEARCE COL. DEBRA D. RICE COL. DOUGLAS C. ROSE, JR. COL. MARK J. SCHINDLER COL. FARIN D. SCHWARTZ COL. RONALD F. TAYLOR COL. DANIEL L. TOWNSEND COL. WILLIAM L. ZANA 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) WILLIAM R. MERZ 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM JOHN ACKMAN AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL D. ZOLLARS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 5, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF LISA E. DONOVAN, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF KIRT L. STALLINGS, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL G. RHODE AND ENDING WITH SCOTT D. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RICHARD L. ALLEN, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MICHAEL J. SILVERMAN, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MAIYA D. ANDERSON, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KIMBERLY M. KITTLESON AND ENDING WITH KEVIN C. PETERSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 26, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CECILIA A. FLORIO AND ENDING WITH JOHN M. FEJES, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 26, 2017. IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES C. BEN-SON AND ENDING WITH JACOB S. LOFTICE, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF TIMOTHY D. LITKA, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF SCOTT D. BLACKWELL, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL A. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH D012118, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TODD R. ANDER-SON AND ENDING WITH JOHN F. YANIKOV, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DOUGLAS A. ALLEN AND ENDING WITH THOMAS K. SARROUF, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHARLES E. BANE AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW D. WEGNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAREEN A. DOUCHI, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRANDON J. BAER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BARRY MURRAY, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FRANCIS K. AGYAPONG AND ENDING WITH SASHI A. ZICKEFOOSE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSEPH H. AFANADOR AND ENDING WITH D013069, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BERT M. BAKER AND ENDING WITH MARIA R. S. YATES, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRECK S. BREW-ER AND ENDING WITH DIANA W. WEBER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANIEL F. ALEMANY AND ENDING WITH BRITTANY E. MCCROAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF WIL B. NEUBAUER, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MARK C. GILLESPIE, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOSEPH M. O’CALLAGHAN, JR., TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRET P. VAN POPPEL, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ALIYA I. WILSON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM O. MURRAY, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PATRICK R. WILDE, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JEFF H. MCDONALD, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH EDWARD V. ABRAHAMSON AND ENDING WITH D012929, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SCOTT J. AKERLEY AND ENDING WITH D002220, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RYAN C. AGEE AND ENDING WITH D011536, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIK C. ALFSEN AND ENDING WITH D013346, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRADFORD A. BAUMANN AND ENDING WITH THOMAS B. VAUGHN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAY A. JOHANNIGMAN, TO BE COLONEL. IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CAMERON M. BALMA AND ENDING WITH SCOTT D. ZIEGENHORN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD A. ACK-ERMAN AND ENDING WITH PATRICIA R. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SARAH R. BOUTWELL AND ENDING WITH ANDREW F. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEREMIAH E. CHAPLIN AND ENDING WITH JEANETTE SHEETS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF LINWOOD O. LEWIS, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF BRIAN A. EVICK, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KRISTOPHER M. BRAZIL AND ENDING WITH SHEREE T. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRYCE D. AB-BOTT AND ENDING WITH SHANE M. ZIMMERMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEREMIAH P. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH ASHLEY S. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STACY J. G. ARENSTEIN AND ENDING WITH HENRY L. THOMASON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KELLY W. BOW-MAN, JR. AND ENDING WITH ROBERT H. VOHRER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LARA R. BOLLINGER AND ENDING WITH CANDICE C. TRESCH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK P. DAVIS AND ENDING WITH SEAN C. STEVENS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFRY A. ALSUP AND ENDING WITH TERRY N. TRAWEEK, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 15, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF LINDA C. SEYMOUR, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF CHAD J. TRUBILLA, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK R. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH JAMES T. WATTERS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF RANDALL G. SCHIMPF, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICHOLAS RAYMOND ABBATE AND ENDING WITH ELIZA-BETH MARIE WYSOCKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RE-CEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 6, 2017. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GABRIELA R. ARIAS VILLELA AND ENDING WITH HAENIM YOO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SEN-ATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 6, 2017. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AN-DREW ANDERSON–SPRECHER AND ENDING WITH EVAN NICHOLAS MANGINO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RE-CEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 6, 2017. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RAMEETH HUNDLE AND ENDING WITH LOREN STENDER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 6, 2017. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AN-DREW K. ABORDONADO AND ENDING WITH PETER B. WIN-TER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SEN-ATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 29, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A31JY6.006 S31JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1105 July 31, 2017 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Au-gust 1, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 2 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, and Heather L. MacDougall, of Florida, and James J. Sullivan, Jr., of Pennsyl-vania, both to be a Member of the Oc-cupational Safety and Health Review Commission. TBA Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship Business meeting to consider S. 154, to amend the Small Business Act to en-sure small businesses affected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eli-gible for disaster relief, S. 650, to amend the Small Business Act to ex-pand tax credit education and training for small businesses that engage in re-search and development, S. 690, to ex-tend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years, S. 929, to improve the HUBZone program, S. 1038, to require the Admin-istrator of the Small Business Admin-istration to submit to Congress a re-port on the utilization of small busi-nesses with respect to certain Federal contracts, and S. 1428, to amend section 21 of the Small Business Act to require cyber certification for small business development center counselors. TBA 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 374, to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop mar-kets for concrete masonry products, S. 754, to support meeting our Nation’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cybersecurity edu-cation pipeline, S. 1322, to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Com-mittee to assist in the awarding of fish-eries research and development grants, S. 1425, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S. 1532, to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a com-mercial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking, S. 1536, to designate a human trafficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, S. 1586, to re-quire the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere to update periodically the environmental sensitivity index products of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for each coastal area of the Great Lakes, S. 1621, to require the Federal Commu-nications Commission to establish a methodology for the collection by the Commission of information about com-mercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service, and the nomina-tions of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, and Brendan Carr, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Commu-nications Commission, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information, Peter B. Davidson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Assistant Secretary and Di-rector General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, all of the Department of Commerce, Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Mark H. Buzby, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Maritime Ad-ministration, and Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, all of the Department of Transportation, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Caro-lina, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board. SH–216 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine increasing water security and drought prepared-ness through infrastructure, manage-ment, and innovation. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters consolidation project. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine assessing the Colombia peace process, focusing on the way forward in United States- Colombia relations; to be immediately followed by a full committee hearing to examine the nomination of Doug Manchester, of California, to be Am-bassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Department of State. SD–419 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on the Au-thorizations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration per-spectives. SVC–217 AUGUST 3 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine insurance fraud in America, focusing on current issues facing industry and consumers. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine Federal and nonfederal collaboration, including through the use of technology, to re-duce wildland fire risk to communities and enhance firefighting safety and ef-fectiveness. SD–366 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for International Trade, and Matthew Bassett, of Ten-nessee, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. SD–215 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have ac-cess to children, the elderly, or individ-uals with disabilities, and the nomina-tions of Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Attorney Gen-eral, Peter E. Deegan, Jr., to be United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jul 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M31JY8.000 E31JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1106 July 31, 2017 
States Attorney for the Northern Dis-trict of Iowa, D. Michael Dunavant, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee, Louis V. Franklin, Sr., to be United States At-torney for the Middle District of Ala-bama, Marc Krickbaum, to be United States Attorney for the Southern Dis-trict of Iowa, Jessie K. Liu, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the District of Columbia, and Richard W. Moore, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jul 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M31JY8.000 E31JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
D864 Monday, July 31, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4609–S4631 Measures Introduced: Ten bills were introduced, as follows: S. 1672–1681.
                                   Pages S4619–20 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon, received during adjournment of the Senate on July 28, 2017; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–15)
                                                        Page S4616 
Newsom Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
                                                                      Pages S4609–10, S4612 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 68 yeas to 26 nays (Vote No. 180), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S4612 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, August 1, 2017, with all time during morning busi-ness, recess, adjournment and Leader remarks count-ing post-cloture on the nomination.
                Page S4629 
Kaplan Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board.
                                                                  Page S4610 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.                                                        Page S4629 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                          Pages S4609–10 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S4610 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 6 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 86 Army nominations in the rank of general. 7 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 4 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Navy, and Foreign Service.
                                                  Pages S4630–31 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4616 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4616 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S4616, S4629 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4616–19 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4620–21 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4621–22 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4614–16 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4622–26 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—180)
                                                                Page S4612 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:37 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Au-gust 1, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4629.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D31JY7.REC D31JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D865 July 31, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, August 1, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, focusing on National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration and Council perspectives, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund pro-gram, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine America’s affordable housing crisis, focusing on challenges and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Stephen B. King, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Czech Republic, Department of State, 11 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. 
House No hearings are scheduled. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of August 1 through August 4, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, post-cloture. Upon disposition of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Au- gust 1, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine reauthor-ization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, focusing on National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration and Council perspectives, 10 a.m., SR–253. August 2, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 374, to enable concrete masonry products manu-facturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to im-prove, maintain, and develop markets for concrete ma-sonry products, S. 754, to support meeting our Nation’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cybersecurity education pipeline, S. 1322, to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and development grants, S. 1425, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S. 1532, to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an in-dividual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in commit-ting a felony involving human trafficking, S. 1536, to designate a human trafficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking pre-vention activities, S. 1586, to require the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere to update periodically the en-vironmental sensitivity index products of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for each coastal area of the Great Lakes, S. 1621, to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a methodology for the collection by the Commission of information about commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service, and the nominations of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D31JY7.REC D31JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD866 July 31, 2017 Brendan Carr, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information, Peter B. Davidson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, all of the Department of Commerce, Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be Gen-eral Counsel, Mark H. Buzby, of Virginia, to be Admin-istrator of the Maritime Administration, and Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, all of the Department of Trans-portation, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, 10 a.m., SH–216. August 3, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine insurance fraud in America, focusing on current issues facing industry and consumers, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: August 2, Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine increasing water security and drought prepared-ness through infrastructure, management, and innovation, 10 a.m., SD–366. August 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine Federal and nonfederal collaboration, including through the use of technology, to reduce wildland fire risk to communities and enhance firefighting safety and effectiveness, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: August 1, Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to ex-amine the Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund program, 10 a.m., SD–406. August 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters con-solidation project, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: August 1, to hold hearings to ex-amine America’s affordable housing crisis, focusing on challenges and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–215. August 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade, and Matthew Bassett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: August 1, to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of Stephen B. King, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Czech Republic, De-partment of State, 11 a.m., SD–419. August 2, Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine assessing the Colombia peace process, focusing on the way forward in United States-Colombia relations; to be immediately followed by a full committee hearing to examine the nomination of Doug Manchester, of California, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. August 2, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on the Authorizations for the Use of Military Force, fo-cusing on Administration perspectives, 2 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Au- gust 1, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assist-ant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Department of Health and Human Services, and Je-rome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. August 2, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Okla-homa, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Department of Health and Human Services, Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Dep-uty Secretary of Labor, and Heather L. MacDougall, of Florida, and James J. Sullivan, Jr., of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on the Judiciary: August 3, business meeting to consider S. 705, to amend the National Child Protec-tion Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their em-ployment, have access to children, the elderly, or individ-uals with disabilities, and the nominations of Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Peter E. Deegan, Jr., to be United States Attor-ney for the Northern District of Iowa, D. Michael Dunavant, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee, Louis V. Franklin, Sr., to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Ala-bama, Marc Krickbaum, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa, Jessie K. Liu, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the District of Colum-bia, and Richard W. Moore, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama, all of the Depart-ment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: August 2, business meeting to consider S. 154, to amend the Small Business Act to ensure small businesses affected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eligible for disaster relief, S. 650, to amend the Small Business Act to expand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D31JY7.REC D31JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D867 July 31, 2017 tax credit education and training for small businesses that engage in research and development, S. 690, to extend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years, S. 929, to improve the HUBZone pro-gram, S. 1038, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to submit to Congress a report on the utilization of small businesses with respect to cer-tain Federal contracts, and S. 1428, to amend section 21 of the Small Business Act to require cyber certification for small business development center counselors, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D31JY7.REC D31JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD868 July 31, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, August 1 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Tuesday, August 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D31JY7.REC D31JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST