Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H10147 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2017 No. 206 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, December 18, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN J. D
UNCAN , JR. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
LEGISLATION FOR IMPROVING THE 21ST CENTURY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate what I believe to be the most significant legislation of the 21st century. Of course, I am referring to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, as I travel my State of Kansas and across the country, people invariably share with me what they feel their priorities should be for this Federal Government. Number one, almost everyone will say within 5 or 10 minutes that they think national security is very, very important. Next, people typically talk to me about how important they feel edu-cation is. Thirdly, people will talk about how important they feel infrastructure is: roads, bridges, railroads, high speed internet, and those types of things. Mr. Speaker, no matter what your priorities are as an American, none of those will happen unless we have a strong, healthy economy; and that is what I believe the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act does. It helps to continue the strong economy that we have created. Mr. Speaker, we are so fortunate this year. We are about to celebrate our third quarter in a row of GDP growth over 3 percent. It seems like just Janu-ary and I was coming here as a rookie Congressman. All the experts and all the press said this country will never see GDP growth again, yet we are about to have our third quarter in a row of it. It just amazes me to hear people continually tell me what we can and cannot do. I took a second to look at that. Why do we have this strong economy? Why is GDP growth going so well? I think it is very simple. We have rolled back regulations and slowed that down. So many people I have talked to have been sitting on the sidelines for the last 8 years, waiting for some cer-tainty. This new President has given them the certainty to invest in this economy. Now it is time to pass this tax reform bill and make this economy even stronger. From day one, from the first day we got here, we talked about common vi-sions and goals for what tax reform would look like. Number one, we wanted to make sure that we gave relief to hardworking Americans so that they would be able to keep more of the money they have earned through their labors. Number two, we wanted a simpler process. Number three, we wanted to grow a healthier economy that would create more jobs and pay higher wages. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be here this week and say that we have deliv-ered for the American people. Let’s take a look at this bill. Number one, it gives relief to hard-working Americans. In Kansas, with the House bill, the average hard-working couple with two children is going to keep $1,400 more of their money. But as we continue this process, we tried to make each rendition of this bill better and better. Now, the average Kansas family will be able to keep up to $2,000 more of their hard-earned money. But more than that, there are an-other 5 million Americans who will get another $2,000 bonus this next year. Those are the people who paid for the ObamaCare health insurance penalty that they refused to take because the insurance was not worth anything. Many hardworking Americans will keep up to $4,000 more of their money. Next, it is simpler. Ninety percent of Americans will be able to do their taxes on the back of a postcard. Is that not simpler? Of course, it is. I don’t think anybody can argue those first two points. Thirdly, the goal was to figure out how we grow the economy, how we grow jobs, how we increase wages for people. That is what we have done. We have lowered taxes on small businesses, which will be the main job creators of this economy. By lowering those taxes, they are going to invest more in their people, in labor, and in capital items. Those will all lead to growing this economy. This is a very easy bill to support, Mr. Speaker. I don’t have a Ph.D. in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.000 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10148 December 18, 2017 
economy, but I come from the school of hard knocks and hard work. Having ran several companies myself, I think the job pattern that we have going on will keep growing. We have a 16-year high in consumer confidence, a 16-year low in unemploy-ment. That is mostly due to rolling back regulations. But as we go forward with this tax reform, we are going to grow more jobs and have more opportu-nities for Americans. This is the start of a new year with the greatest tax reform, the most im-portant legislation of the 21st century, and I am so proud to be part of this process. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 5 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
UDD) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peo-ples Church, Jacksonville, Texas, of-fered the following prayer: O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is Your name in all the Earth. When we consider the heavens and the Earth, the works of Your fingers, what is man that You are mindful of us? In our troubles, we cry out to You, and You hear us. Your ear is not deaf, Your arms of mercy never refuse our salvation. Great is the Lord, greatly to be praised. You are our refuge, our very present help in times of trouble. Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to its people. Forgive us O Lord, where we have sinned and come short of Your glory. Let Your grace wash over us. Though our sins be as scarlet, wash us and make us whiter than snow. Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord. Let us exalt the Lord to-gether, and He will heal us. In Jesus’ name, Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SHIMKUS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CONGRATULATING GENERAL BEN HODGES (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I con-gratulate General Ben Hodges on his 37 years of active military service and his retiring on December 15. Ben and I entered West Point to-gether in 1976, and both graduated as Goats in 1980. We both branched infan-try and attended ranger school to-gether, graduating in the spring of 1981. While I went Active Duty and Re-serves, Ben continued his active mili-tary service. We met in Kirkuk, Iraq, as he com-manded the brigade in the 101st Air As-sault Division. We bumped into each other as he headed the Army legislative liaison here in Washington, D.C., and we saw each other numerous times in his last assignment commanding the United States Army in Europe. In that posi-tion, Ben gave comfort to our NATO al-lies in the east, creating a permanent rotational mission. Congratulations, Ben, on a job well done. Pride and excellence, and beat Navy. May God bless you and your fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. f 
RECOGNIZE, ASSIST, INCLUDE, SUPPORT, AND ENGAGE FAMILY CAREGIVERS ACT OF 2017 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3759) to provide for the estab-lishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3759 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘RAISE Fam-ily Caregivers Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Advi-sory Council’’ means the Family Caregiving Advisory Council convened under section 4. (2) F
AMILY CAREGIVER .—The term ‘‘family caregiver’’ means an adult family member or other individual who has a significant rela-tionship with, and who provides a broad range of assistance to, an individual with a chronic or other health condition, disability, or functional limitation. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (4) S
TRATEGY .—The term ‘‘Strategy’’ means the Family Caregiving Strategy set forth under section 3. 
SEC. 3. FAMILY CAREGIVING STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, shall develop jointly with the Advisory Council and submit to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate, the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the State agencies re-sponsible for carrying out family caregiver programs, and make publicly available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, a Family Caregiving Strategy. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The Strategy shall identify recommended actions that Federal (under existing Federal programs), State, and local governments, communities, health care pro-viders, long-term services and supports pro-viders, and others are taking, or may take, to recognize and support family caregivers in a manner that reflects their diverse needs, including with respect to the following: (1) Promoting greater adoption of person- and family-centered care in all health and long-term services and supports settings, with the person receiving services and sup-ports and the family caregiver (as appro-priate) at the center of care teams. (2) Assessment and service planning (in-cluding care transitions and coordination) involving family caregivers and care recipi-ents. (3) Information, education and training supports, referral, and care coordination, in-cluding with respect to hospice care, pallia-tive care, and advance planning services. (4) Respite options. (5) Financial security and workplace issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.002 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10149 December 18, 2017 
(6) Delivering services based on the per-formance, mission, and purpose of a program while eliminating redundancies. (c) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary, in carrying out subsection (a), shall oversee the following: (1) Collecting and making publicly avail-able information submitted by the Advisory Council under section 4(d) to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the State agencies responsible for car-rying out family caregiver programs, includ-ing evidence-based or promising practices and innovative models (both domestic and foreign) regarding the provision of care by family caregivers or support for family care-givers. (2) Coordinating and assessing existing Federal Government programs and activities to recognize and support family caregivers while ensuring maximum effectiveness and avoiding unnecessary duplication. (3) Providing technical assistance, as ap-propriate, such as disseminating identified best practices and information sharing based on reports provided under section 4(d), to State or local efforts to support family care-givers. (d) I
NITIAL STRATEGY ; UPDATES .—The Sec- retary shall— (1) not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, develop, publish, and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Spe-cial Committee on Aging of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the State agencies responsible for carrying out family caregiver programs, an initial Strat-egy incorporating the items addressed in the Advisory Council’s initial report under sec-tion 4(d) and other relevant information, in-cluding best practices, for recognizing and supporting family caregivers; and (2) biennially update, republish, and sub-mit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Special Com-mittee on Aging of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the State agencies responsible for carrying out family caregiver programs the Strategy, taking into account the most recent annual report sub-mitted under section 4(d)(1)— (A) to reflect new developments, chal-lenges, opportunities, and solutions; and (B) to review progress based on rec-ommendations for recognizing and sup-porting family caregivers in the Strategy and, based on the results of such review, rec-ommend priority actions for improving the implementation of such recommendations, as appropriate. (e) P
ROCESS FOR PUBLIC INPUT .—The Sec- retary shall establish a process for public input to inform the development of, and up-dates to, the Strategy, including a process for the public to submit recommendations to the Advisory Council and an opportunity for public comment on the proposed Strategy. (f) N
OPREEMPTION .—Nothing in this Act preempts any authority of a State or local government to recognize or support family caregivers. (g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to permit the Secretary (through regulation, guidance, grant criteria, or otherwise) to— (1) mandate, direct, or control the alloca-tion of State or local resources; (2) mandate the use of any of the best prac-tices identified in the reports required under this Act; or (3) otherwise expand the authority of the Secretary beyond that expressly provided to the Secretary in this Act. SEC. 4. FAMILY CAREGIVING ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) C ONVENING .—The Secretary shall con-vene a Family Caregiving Advisory Council to advise and provide recommendations, in-cluding identified best practices, to the Sec-retary on recognizing and supporting family caregivers. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The members of the Advi-sory Council shall consist of— (A) the appointed members under para-graph (2); and (B) the Federal members under paragraph (3). (2) A
PPOINTED MEMBERS .—In addition to the Federal members under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall appoint not more than 15 voting members of the Advisory Council who are not representatives of Federal depart-ments or agencies and who shall include at least one representative of each of the fol-lowing: (A) Family caregivers. (B) Older adults with long-term services and supports needs. (C) Individuals with disabilities. (D) Health care and social service pro-viders. (E) Long-term services and supports pro-viders. (F) Employers. (G) Paraprofessional workers. (H) State and local officials. (I) Accreditation bodies. (J) Veterans. (K) As appropriate, other experts and advo-cacy organizations engaged in family caregiving. (3) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—The Federal mem-bers of the Advisory Council, who shall be nonvoting members, shall consist of the fol-lowing: (A) The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (or the Admin-istrator’s designee). (B) The Administrator of the Administra-tion for Community Living (or the Adminis-trator’s designee who has experience in both aging and disability). (C) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs (or the Secretary’s designee). (D) The heads of other Federal depart-ments or agencies (or their designees), in-cluding relevant departments or agencies that oversee labor and workforce, economic, government financial policies, community service, and other impacted populations, as appointed by the Secretary or the Chair of the Advisory Council. (4) D
IVERSE REPRESENTATION .—The Sec-retary shall ensure that the membership of the Advisory Council reflects the diversity of family caregivers and individuals receiving services and supports. (c) M
EETINGS .—The Advisory Council shall meet quarterly during the 1-year period be-ginning on the date of enactment of this Act and at least three times during each year thereafter. Meetings of the Advisory Council shall be open to the public. (d) A
DVISORY COUNCIL ANNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Advisory Council shall submit to the Secretary, the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate, the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the State agencies re-sponsible for carrying out family caregiver programs, and make publicly available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, a report con-cerning the development, maintenance, and updating of the Strategy, including a de-scription of the outcomes of the rec-ommendations and any priorities included in the initial report pursuant to paragraph (2), as appropriate. (2) INITIAL REPORT .—The Advisory Coun-cil’s initial report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an inventory and assessment of all fed-erally funded efforts to recognize and sup-port family caregivers and the outcomes of such efforts, including analyses of the extent to which federally funded efforts are reach-ing family caregivers and gaps in such ef-forts; (B) recommendations— (i) to improve and better coordinate Fed-eral programs and activities to recognize and support family caregivers, as well as oppor-tunities to improve the coordination of such Federal programs and activities with State programs; and (ii) to effectively deliver services based on the performance, mission, and purpose of a program while eliminating redundancies, avoiding unnecessary duplication and over-lap, and ensuring the needs of family care-givers are met; (C) the identification of challenges faced by family caregivers, including financial, health, and other challenges, and existing approaches to address such challenges; and (D) an evaluation of how family caregiving impacts the Medicare program, the Medicaid program, and other Federal programs. (e) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Advisory Council. 
SEC. 5. FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using funds otherwise authorized. 
SEC. 6. SUNSET PROVISION. 
The authority and obligations established by this Act shall terminate on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3759. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3759, the Recognize, Assist, Include, Sup-port, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2017, otherwise known as the RAISE Family Caregivers Act. Mr. Speaker, not all Americans have the luxury of complete independence. They may struggle to dress themselves, manage their retirement, or take their medications adequately. When we think of these instances, we may think mostly of seniors, but that is not al-ways the case. Veterans, Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.003 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10150 December 18, 2017 
with physical and mental disabilities, wounded warriors, and even children with medical conditions rely on a fam-ily caregiver to help them live their daily lives. Though they may have physical or functional limitations or an illness or chronic health condition that impedes their ability to fully care for them-selves, many are able to remain safe and comfortable in their homes due to the important role of the family care-giver. Nationwide, there are roughly 40 mil-lion family caregivers who provide physical and emotional care for par-ents, spouses, children, and other loved ones in need of assistance. These care-givers are unsung heroes who devote both their time and resources to the day-to-day activities that are nec-essary to provide a disabled loved one with care. These activities may be to drive their loved ones to doctor appointments, provide them with meals, assist in the management of their finances, and ad-minister at-home nursing and care so that their loved ones may continue to live at home. Taking on the role of a family care-giver is a deeply personal decision, characterized by selflessness and com-passion for a relative in need. It is esti-mated that, on average, the Nation’s caregivers dedicate about 18 hours each week to carrying out their caregiver tasks, while almost a third provide over 60 hours a week of care. These ac-tivities provide an annual economic value of $470 billion each year. About 60 percent of caregivers have full- or part-time jobs in addition to their caregiving roles, leaving them to juggle their caregiving obligations with their work hours and their per-sonal and family time. The RAISE Family Caregivers Act will direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a Family Caregiving Advisory Council to make recommendations regarding best prac-tices on recognizing and supporting family caregivers. The council will in-clude members from the public and pri-vate sectors, family caregivers, elderly Americans and people living with dis-abilities, State and local officials, and healthcare providers. The Secretary will then publish the council’s findings so that the family caregivers may be equipped with the information that they need to be successful in their roles. The council will provide information about streamlining Federal and State activities to maximize efficiency, and it will preserve the integrity of family rights and person-centered care. This is an opportunity to help improve the quality of life of millions of Americans who both provide and receive familial care. One important provision of the RAISE Family Caregivers Act ensures that the Secretary of Health and Human Services is prohibited from mandating best practices or expanding the Federal authority in any way. Additionally, the bill does not au-thorize any additional funds for the formation of the council and, after 3 years, the council and its related ac-tivities will sunset. The RAISE Family Caregivers Act is an important step we can take to rec-ognize the essential role of family care-givers and share important informa-tion so that they can better care for others. This legislation fulfills a bipar-tisan recommendation of the Federal Commission on Long-Term Care. The Senate passed this bill earlier this year by unanimous consent, and the House of Representatives now has the oppor-tunity to have this bill signed into law. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation so that family caregivers are recognized for the im-portant role they play in our commu-nities. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) today and rise in support of H.R. 3759, the Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act. I want to con-gratulate all the cosponsors of this bill for their good work in terms of bring-ing this forward, and, again, it looks very promising that it will be passed and signed into law shortly. Mr. Speaker, the number of Ameri-cans over the age of 65 is expected to reach 70 million by 2030, roughly dou-bling the number that existed in 2005. As those Americans age and require as-sistance with their daily routines—tak-ing medication, getting dressed, cook-ing, and attending medical appoint-ments—family caregivers will step in to make sure that their loved ones are safe and cared for. This is difficult work. For an adult child, caring for an aging parent can quickly become a full-time job. Be-tween juggling appointments, under-standing medications, helping make in-formed medical decisions, a caregiver’s own priorities can take a backseat. Most caregivers have jobs of their own, and many care simultaneously for an aging parent as well as their own chil-dren. But caregivers are not only providing care for older Americans or even younger Americans with develop-mental disabilities. They also serve those who have served our country. I recently met with a caregiver from my district, Jessica, who cares for her husband, a veteran who suffered seri-ous traumatic brain injury during the battle of Fallujah. Her experience man-aging her husband’s complex medical needs while also raising their children goes to show that ensuring caregivers are supported is a national priority. The bill under consideration today would recognize the contribution that family caregivers make toward the safety and health of older Americans. It would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop and maintain a strategy to support family caregivers by establishing an advisory body to bring together care-givers, older adults, persons with dis-abilities, veterans, employers, and State and local officials. This advisory council would make recommendations for how to support, assist, and engage family caregivers. Caregivers are needed to help Ameri-cans live independently in their homes and communities for as long as pos-sible. In my home State of Con-necticut, there are 459,000 family care-givers who provide an estimated $5.9 billion in unpaid care, annually. Sup-porting older and disabled Americans through caregiving and ensuring care-givers are equipped to take on this im-portant role benefits all Americans. Evidence has shown that, when care-givers are supported, patients delay placement in a nursing home, con-tinuing with lower-cost, long-term sup-port in the home for much longer peri-ods of time. Caregiving is foundational to our long-term care system in the United States. This legislation is an important step to ensure this work is recognized and supported. Again, as the gentleman pointed out, the Commission on Long-Term Care, which was actually created by this body in 2012 as part of one of the budg-et bills that passed that year, was a group of stakeholders from all across the country, in various sectors, that came together and issued a report that, unfortunately, I don’t think has gotten the focus and attention it needs with the demographics that our country is experiencing right now: the aging of our society. However, this is one of those rec-ommendations for which signs of intel-ligent life appeared in Congress, and we are taking up their call for passing leg-islation like the RAISE Act. So again, I want to congratulate all the sponsors for coming together, and I am looking forward to sending this bill to the President for his signature. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ). Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3759, the Recognize, As-sist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2017, or the RAISE Family Caregivers Act. This is a bipartisan and bicameral bill. I introduced the RAISE Act in the House along with Representative K
ATHY CASTOR as well as Representa-tives S
TEFANIK and L UJAN GRISHAM . There are now 107 cosponsors of the bill. An almost identical bill, S. 1028, introduced by Senator C
OLLINS and Senator B
ALDWIN , passed the House unanimously on September 26. The RAISE Act is supported by a broad coalition of over 60 organiza-tions, from AARP to United Cerebral Palsy. But I was particularly inspired to introduce the RAISE Act because, frankly, like many of our constituents, my wife and I are caregivers for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.006 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10151 December 18, 2017 
family, for our adult son, Livingston, who has fragile X syndrome. About 12 million people of all ages need the support of family caregivers today, and this number will more than double by the year 2050. By supporting family caregivers, we can help people live at home, where they want to be, helping to delay or prevent costlier in-stitutional care and unnecessary hos-pitalizations, saving taxpayer dollars. The bill creates an advisory council within the Department of Health and Human Services to identify and rec-ommend actions that Federal, State, and local governments, communities, healthcare providers, long-term serv-ices and support providers, and others are taking, or may take, to recognize and support those family caregivers. The idea is to enhance coordination of and implementation under existing programs. I appreciate the support we have re-ceived from the Education and the Workforce Committee on this legisla-tion, particularly the chair, V
IRGINIA  F
OXX. My office has worked closely with the committee, AARP, as well as with Representative C
ASTOR , Senator C
OLLINS , and Senator B ALDWIN , to de-velop a bipartisan, bicameral piece of legislation with broad coalition sup-port that we could successfully bring to the floor. CBO has scored the bill at $1 million over 50 years, but it sunsets in 3 years, and no new funds are authorized to be appropriated. This bill gives hope and comfort to the large number of family caregivers across the country who are often strug-gling to look after their loved ones, whether a special-needs child, a loved one with traumatic brain injury, or an elderly parent or a spouse. It is important that the Congress and the administration send this message of caring and support for the family caregivers across our Nation. I ask that Members vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR), a cosponsor of the bill, a former member of the Education and the Workforce Committee; and even though she has migrated to other com-mittees, her heart still is with the mis-sion of the Education and the Work-force Committee, which is obviously shown by her cosponsorship of this leg-islation. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. C
OURTNEY , for yielding the time and for his advo-cacy on behalf of America’s families. I rise in strong support of H.R. 3759, the RAISE Family Caregivers Act, and I want to thank my good friend and colleague Congressman G
REGG HARPER  for being my partner in this endeavor to bring more attention to the struggle of so many families across the country for more balance, more support, when they must take care of a sick family member or a friend. I would also like to thank Senator S
USAN COLLINS and Senator T AMMY  BALDWIN , who have been tireless cham-pions for caregivers and their families. Family caregiving has become the new normal in healthcare here in America because it is oftentimes astro-nomically expensive to hire a caregiver or to get a little respite. Some do, but for many families, the better decision is a tough one, oftentimes, to make a very significant personal sacrifice: quit your job or go part-time while they de-vote themselves to their loved one. All too often, caregivers are the only support system for their child with spe-cial needs or an aging family member, and they have little to no support for themselves. Many of America’s veterans stay in-tegrated in communities because of the sacrifices of their family members to make sure that they get out and about and get to their appointments and get the care and interaction that they need. b1645 Family caregivers help with many basic activities, like eating, dressing, transportation, bathing; and some-times they are called upon to do things that are a little more complicated, such as even a little bit of medical care or nursing care. Here are some of the shocking statis-tics: about 40 million family caregivers provide about $470 billion annually in unpaid care to their loved ones, and about 3.7 million family caregivers pro-vide care to a child under the age of 18 due to a medical or behavioral condi-tion or disability. Because of the massive commitment of time, many caregivers leave the workforce. Caregivers age 50 and older, who leave the workforce to care for a parent, lose, on average, nearly $304,000 in wages and benefits over their life-time. Women are most often the main caregivers and their average is even higher, about $324,000 in lost benefits and wages. In my home State of Florida, there are almost 3 million caregivers at any given time and they provide over 2.6 billion hours of care. A closer look at the work-related ef-fects, as well as the personal, financial, and emotional hardships, demonstrates an increasing need to come together to better understand the unique needs of our caregivers and what we can do to support them. That is why Congressman H
ARPER  and I introduced the bipartisanship Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage—RAISE—Family Care-givers Act. The RAISE Family Care-givers Act will create and maintain a common national family caregiver strategy led by the Secretary of Health and Human Services so that we can de-velop some additional support systems for the folks back home. Our bill will bring together a diverse spectrum of stakeholders, experts, folks who are working every day to take care of their loved ones to be a part of the advisory council that will help develop some additional rec-ommendations, hopefully for this Con-gress. We must ensure that family care-givers have the resources and tools they need to face lost wages and the personal demands of taking care of their loved one while ensuring that their loved one does receive the best care. I would like to thank the AARP, the Alzheimer’s Association, the Elizabeth Dole Foundation, the Family Caregiver Alliance, and so many more that have encouraged us on this important piece of legislation. As the complexity and intensity of family caregiving increases, I believe that this legislation will help boost families and allow us to be smart and efficient with our resources. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this important bipartisanship bill. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the sponsors of this legislation and also just note that the Elizabeth Dole Foundation is a strong supporter. This is a group that has been formed to help wounded warriors in terms of getting the caregiving help that they need from other family mem-bers who are sometimes overlooked in terms of our country’s appreciation for those who wear the uniform of this country. Mr. Speaker, I call for support for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, before I came to Con-gress in April, I served as the Kansas State treasurer. In that role, I had the opportunity to implement the ABLE Act, which was legislation that was passed here in the last few years. Talking with a lot of parents, as they were abled and concerned about how do they care for their disabled children, led to the creation of the ABLE Act. During that process, we also talked with a lot of other caregivers who cared for maybe senior citizens, maybe adult children who were in their home, and wanted to make sure that that bur-den that they faced in providing that family care was ameliorated and sup-ported in any way that it could be. The RAISE Family Caregivers Act will help recognize the essential role of family caregivers and share important information so that they may better care for others. This legislation fulfills a bipartisan-ship recommendation from the Com-mission on Long-Term Care, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3759. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3759, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.007 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10152 December 18, 2017 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR USE OF PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNER-SHIPS TO BRING COMPUTER SCIENCE EDUCATION TO MORE K–12 CLASSROOMS Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 95) expressing support for the use of public-private partnerships to bring computer science education to more K– 12 classrooms, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 95 Whereas 9 in 10 parents want their child to study computer science, but only 40 percent of schools teach computer programming; Whereas low-income students and students from small towns and rural communities are less likely to attend a school that offers computer science programming; Whereas computing makes up two-thirds of all projected new jobs in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields; Whereas there are over 500,000 open com-puting jobs nationwide and such job openings are projected to grow at twice the rate of all other jobs; Whereas significant workforce shortages in computing fields, particularly in cybersecu-rity, can pose significant threats to our na-tional security; and Whereas computing occupations are among the highest paying jobs for new graduates: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That the Congress ex-presses support for the use of public-private partnerships to bring computer science edu-cation to more K–12 classrooms throughout the country. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H. Con. Res. 95. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 95, expressing support for the use of public-private partner-ships to bring computer science edu-cation to more K–12 classrooms. Mr. Speaker, science, technology, en-gineering, and math education, known collectively as STEM education, all play a critical role in how we educate and prepare the next generation of America’s workforce. Many of our Nation’s most successful business leaders and entrepreneurs place an emphasis on modern coding and computer skills. These skills are a result of a STEM education. As an engineer who worked for many years in the private sector, I would like to emphasize the need for more of our students to be equipped with back-grounds in STEM. The American economy and work-force have undergone a rapid trans-formation, thanks to the rise of tech-nology, and its role in America’s future is only going to increase. As advancement continues, it is crit-ical that the country’s students are equipped with the knowledge and tools they need to compete at the global level. These skills can be gained through the expansion of K–12 STEM education. America has long been a pioneer of innovation in medicine, energy, agri-culture, and other new technologies. We take pride in our ability to cul-tivate, innovate, and change the world for the better as new trends in every corner of the economy require a work-force equipped to meet those demands. However, if we do not adequately pre-pare our future scientists, mathemati-cians, engineers, and computer sci-entists, other countries will outpace us. We cannot allow this. Of all the projected new jobs in science, technology, engineering, and mathematic fields, computing is esti-mated to make up two-thirds of those positions. At the present, there are over 500,000 unfilled computing jobs na-tionwide, and those numbers are pro-jected to grow at twice the rate of other jobs. In my district in Kansas, we need students to learn STEM in order to fill new jobs in advanced manufacturing. When Congress passed landmark leg-islation earlier this year to strengthen career and technical education, or CTE, it sent a clear message to stu-dents and employers that Members of the House of Representatives recognize the growing skills gap in this country, and we are committed to improving alignment with in-demand jobs so that the 6 million job openings nationwide may be filled with students equipped with the necessary tools to make our workforce even stronger. Congress has once again had the op-portunity to help close the skills gap by launching more American students into fulfilling STEM careers. These ca-reers are not only in high demand, but they are also high skilled and among the highest paying jobs for new grad-uates. Students who enter this field are not only helping to close the skills gap in our country, but they are setting them-selves up for a lifetime of meaningful work and personal fulfillment. In fact, 9 in 10 parents want their children to study computer science, but less than half—only 40 percent—of schools teach the subject. Low-income students and students hailing from small towns and rural communities are especially at a disadvantage. Their schools are much less likely to offer computer science courses than schools in urban areas and those that serve middle class stu-dents. A ZIP Code and economic data does not determine whether a child will need to excel in computer science, and it should not determine whether that child receives computer science edu-cation. We need coders and computer scientists from a wealth of back-grounds to build the most capable and robust workforce in the world. Encouraging public-private partner-ships to bring computer science edu-cation to more K–12 classrooms nation-wide is a commonsense solution to de-velop STEM education around the country. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will support this resolution to encour-age efforts to provide more students access to these important skills so that they are prepared to join our Nation’s workforce. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in appreciation of the sentiment that is expressed in the resolution. However, I just feel that the content of this resolution, if it is examined closely, particularly in jux-taposition with the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act, which was the K–12 reau-thorization signed into law almost ex-actly 2 years ago on December 10, 2015, a bipartisanship measure—Congress-man Kline, who was the Republican chairman of the House Education Com-mittee, was at the White House with his counterparts from the Senate at the bill-signing ceremony—if people go back and read that, they will see that actually the road map and the pathway to achieve the goal of this resolution was actually laid out by folks from both sides of the aisle in terms of boosting authorized funding for K–12, particularly for low-income students, raising the authorizing for title I schools, which has been the workhorse of the Federal Government in terms of trying to help target resources for kids who come from distressed sectors and areas in terms of urban areas and rural areas, and also had many voluntary permissive authorizations for STEM. Now, if anything, this resolution un-derstates the scope of the demand that is out there for computer science and for STEM skills. There is not a sector in the American economy, from agri-culture, where the gentleman comes from in Kansas, farmers are out there using STEM skills every single day in terms of food production. It exists in manufacturing. I come from a district that is a ship-building district. We are in the process of boosting submarine production up in Groton, Connecticut. The metal trades workers are out there using computer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.010 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10153 December 18, 2017 
skills on the shop floors to make sure that that precision manufacturing hap-pens accurately. Certainly, financial services up in Hartford, Connecticut, the home of in-surance companies like Travelers and The Hartford, they just started a cou-ple years ago the Insurance and Fi-nance Academy, which is a magnet school that brings in Travelers, Smith Barney, and The Hartford to collabo-rate with the public school system to make sure that kids, particularly low- income kids, from Hartford, Con-necticut, are getting the opportunity to learn about things like finance, banking—giving them those skills— which are intrinsically connected to computer science. Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that there is great appetite in the pri-vate sector for public-private partner-ships. I would stipulate to that and again argue that, in fact, the resolu-tion almost understates what is out there. What is missing is the public invest-ment, which ESSA authorized, whether it was title I, whether it is funding to boost teaching skills in the STEM area. We try to give permissive author-ity to school districts to find math teachers, science teachers, computer science teachers, engineering folks and their curriculum, which every school district is crying out for. There isn’t a Member in this body who isn’t hearing about that back home. We want to solve that problem. A resolution like this is certainly not going to get in the way of that, but what we need to do is make sure we fund the authorizations that, on a bi-partisanship basis, we passed in 2015. Unfortunately, if you look at the budget that came over from the White House back in May, the White House proposed a 13.5 percent cut to the De-partment of Education, elimination of all Federal funding for K–12 teacher professional development, and after-school programs, which I was up at one of them, the 21st Century Learning After School Program in Norwich, Con-necticut, a distressed municipality. They had kids, after school, working on their computer skills, their math skills, their science skills to give them the chance to keep up with their grade level and to be school ready when they go into high school. b1700 Again, the big one was the cut to title 1, which, as I said, is the work-horse making sure that low-income kids actually have funding levels that at least come somewhat close to their counterparts in more wealthy parts of the country in wealthy school dis-tricts. So, again, this resolution is not certainly going to be a negative, but it certainly misses the opportunity that we really should be focused on as Mem-bers of Congress for bolstering the pub-lic side of the public-private partner-ship. As I said, the private sector is speak-ing loud and clear that they are look-ing for these skills and actually step-ping forward like companies like Gen-eral Dynamics at the shipyard that I described in southeastern Connecticut or The Hartford and Travelers up in the capital city of the State of Con-necticut. What we need to be doing is match them in terms of our commitment to make sure we are funding magnet school programs, again, title 1 pro-grams, that help the 90 percent of kids who are in public schools so that we ac-tually are going to achieve the goal which this resolution sets forward. So, again, I certainly commend the sentiment of the sponsors of this, but it leaves out, really, what I think is the real question of the day, which is whether or not we are going to step up as a nation and truly fund public-pri-vate partnerships to boost computer science skills. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Con. Res. 95, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their advo-cacy in this regard. We need a strong public-private partnership to address computer science education in this country. I want to talk about a school in my district, Howard High School. The great Reggie White went there. It is a school that I proudly adorned the hat when we played baseball. It is an inner city school. I went there this year, as I also did at Barger Elementary in Chat-tanooga—inner city schools. The students have a great desire for computer science literacy. They actu-ally taught me to code. I am basically computer science illiterate. I use pads and the like, and that is okay. But we know that the jobs of the future—no, the jobs of today—are not being filled due to a lack of skill. It is projected that, by 2020, we are going to have about 1 million unfilled jobs that re-quire computer science education. We are filling about 10 percent—only 10 percent of them. What does that mean? I am a cham-pion of workforce development, and I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle champion workforce develop-ment. What does that mean? That means that we will have jobs to fill that we can’t fill. For national defense, we will need computer science literacy. This is something that we have got tre-mendous bipartisan support for. I can say this: as a proud appropri-ator—to my friend from the other side of the aisle—as a proud appropriator and a member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Sub-committee on Appropriations, I am committed to that funding. We actu-ally have language this year in that bill. So let us all come together, I would say in not only a bipartisan and non-partisan way, to support computer science literacy. The private sector is there, the public sector will step up, and America’s children in K–12 will be the beneficiaries. It will truly make America a greater and stronger place. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. TAYLOR ). Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, in Thom-as Friedman’s latest book, he gives this anecdote that I believe helps to de-fine the world that we live in today. He says that in 1999, the world’s strongest supercomputer was the size of a tennis court, and the power to power that supercomputer could power the equiva-lent of 800 homes. Fast forward to 2005 or 2006, and that same computing power was found in the Sony PlayStation. Think about that for a second. Each one of us has the same computing power of the world’s strongest nation- state just 20 years ago. If we don’t see how that affects business, national se-curity, public policy, or education, then we are already behind. Throughout its history, America has faced struggles that define a genera-tion. Economic depressions, world wars, dying industries, and new tech-nologies have changed the way that we view and respond to the new period. For this digital native generation growing up now, and for the foreseeable future, the first challenge for them will be education. Now, education and lifelong learning are not only requirements in this changed world, they are the difference between failure or success, hopeless-ness or optimism, pessimism or ambi-tion. Our children are and will grow up in a fast world, faster than ours, very different, and a blurring reality be-tween the physical and virtual worlds. We need a revolution in the way that we educate our Nation. By 2020, there will be 1 million more computing jobs than graduates. This gap represents $500 billion that our children will never see because they were never taught, and that gap is only growing, and it is growing larger. Right now, only one out of four schools in America teaches computer science. Low-income and rural students have even less access. Now, you don’t have to be able to view the future to see the writing on the wall. As the education gap widens, the American Dream shrinks. We as Members of Congress have a duty and responsibility to reject that path for our country and help and lead to chart a new course for our American future. Ninety percent of parents want com-puter science taught in their kids’ schools. This resolution today calls for exactly that. I am grateful for the support of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Representatives L
IPINSKI , F
LEISCHMANN , and K ILMER , as we stand together to help bring computer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.012 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10154 December 18, 2017 
science education to classrooms across America. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for and support this important measure, H. Con. Res. 95. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, this resolution is a sentiment that is hard to dispute or argue, but, unfortunately, it is just that, a resolution that really, beyond sort of expressing a goal, an as-pirational goal, doesn’t move the ball forward in terms of actually imple-menting what I think this resolution seeks to do, which is to make sure that school districts—every school dis-trict—particularly those with low-in-come kids from urban areas and rural parts of the country, have the re-sources which the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act signed into law 2 years ago and laid a pathway out for us to achieve, but, unfortunately, because of the funding levels that have not come close to the authorized levels, we are falling short. I couldn’t agree more with the speak-ers, the proponents of this, that what is at stake here, really, I think, pervades almost every priority and every sector of our country’s economy and our na-tional policy. In 1958, when the Russians fired Sput-nik, then-President Dwight Eisenhower stepped forward and advocated the Na-tional Defense Education Act because he recognized that, from a national se-curity standpoint, having a national policy to make sure that there are ade-quate resources out there for our Na-tion was really central to our national defense. That triggered, again, a revo-lution in American education, whether at the higher education level or even at the elementary level; and following that lead in 1965, we passed the ESEA Act, which funded, for the first time, title 1 that gave resources to low-in-come districts. That commitment has deteriorated. It has deteriorated over the last 6 years with budgets that have underfunded this program. If you really took title 1 in terms of the full measure of eligi-bility for low-income students and school districts, we are funding it at about half of what the real need is out there for those types of school dis-tricts. So, again, hopefully maybe this reso-lution will be an awakening for people in this Chamber, particularly as we are on the verge of taking up the 2018 budg-et, that funding education is as impor-tant to our economy and is as impor-tant to our national defense, frankly, as any other part of the Federal budg-et, because that gives us the tools to succeed as a nation, not just in 2018, but in many years forward. So, again, I certainly am friends with some of the sponsors of this resolution. I salute the sentiment that was offered when this was introduced just a week or so ago, but, frankly, it falls short of the true commitment that we need to make as a Congress to fund and give the resources to make sure that this aspirational goal is achieved. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee, we try to endeavor to look at how do we prepare students and young adults for their career and look at ways to prepare them not just from starting with an engineering degree or a tech-nical degree at college, but actually making sure that in their K–12 edu-cation they are better prepared as well. As an engineer, I saw this firsthand how my education through high school and into college helped prepare me for the career that I had in the private sec-tor before I went into the public serv-ice role. We see this continuously with the importance of having a trained workforce ready to work in our indus-tries. In my district, Wichita is known as the Air Capital of the World, and the one thing that I hear over and over again from aerospace companies is there is a shortage of trained, skilled workforce ready to work. STEM education plays such a critical role in terms of how we educate and prepare the next generation of Amer-ica’s workforce, and so we need to en-courage public and private partner-ships in order to increase computer science education in K–12 classrooms. It is just a commonsense solution to try to increase STEM education in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H. Con. Res. 95, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House sus-pend the rules and agree to the concur-rent resolution, H. Con. Res. 95, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KEEP AMERICA’S REFUGES OPERATIONAL ACT Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3979) to amend the Fish and Wild-life Act of 1956 to reauthorize the vol-unteer services, community partner-ship, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3979 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act’’. SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL WILD-LIFE REFUGE SYSTEM VOLUNTEER SERVICES, COMMUNITY PARTNER-SHIP, AND REFUGE EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 7 of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742f) is amended in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3979, the Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act, re-authorizes the National Wildlife Ref-uge System volunteer, community partnership, and education programs for fiscal years 2018 through 2022. I am proud to have joined with my good friend from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) to support conservation ef-forts at our Nation’s wildlife refuges in a way that is also fiscally responsible. Each year the refuge system’s volun-teer, community partnership, and edu-cation programs facilitate more than 1.4 million hours of service from more than 40,000 volunteers in support of our Nation’s wildlife refuge system. The valuable contributions of these volun-teers help maintain our Nation’s 566 refuges, 14 of which I am proud to say are in the Commonwealth of Virginia. These programs help ensure that Americans can visit, explore, fish, hunt, and study wildlife for genera-tions to come. As a kid, I spent most of my time outdoors, and today, I still frequently visit the Rappahannock River Wildlife Refuge in my district. I have long appreciated the value of na-ture and wildlife in our society as well as the importance of environmental stewardship. Volunteers perform a wide variety of tasks to assist with our refuge oper-ations. Examples of these tasks include habitat improvement projects, labora-tory research assistance, leading refuge tours, conducting fish and wildlife pop-ulation surveys, and much more. All of these tasks help the Fish and Wildlife Service more efficiently fulfill its mis-sion while also providing an oppor-tunity for individuals and groups to contribute to the preservation and pro-tection of our Nation’s wildlife and public lands. b1715 H.R. 3979 reauthorizes the cost-effi-cient resource that helps the U.S. Fish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.014 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10155 December 18, 2017 
and Wildlife Service fulfill its mission to protect and preserve the Nation’s fish and wildlife. These volunteer pro-grams are very popular with folks throughout the country, with more ap-plicants than available volunteer slots. This legislation has broad support from several recreational and con-servation organizations, as well as bi-partisan support across the Congress. I thank Chairman B
ISHOP for moving this legislation and, again, extend my great appreciation to Mr. J
EFFRIES for sponsoring this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) for yielding, as well as for her leadership. I also thank Chairman B
ISHOP for his leadership in helping to move this legislation for-ward. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3979, the Keep America’s Refuges Oper-ational Act, a bipartisan bill that will reauthorize the volunteer, community partnership, and education program for our National Wildlife Refuge System. Let me begin by thanking my good friend, the distinguished gentleman from the Commonwealth of Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ), who has partnered with me on this legislation and is a strong champion for our country’s refuges. This commonsense, bipartisan legis-lation will support conservation efforts at our Nation’s refuges in a way that saves taxpayers dollars and stimulates jobs and economic opportunity. Our National Wildlife Refuge System is comprised of 566 refuges located in every U.S. State and territory. Refuges make up over 800 million acres of habi-tat dedicated to the conservation of fish and wildlife. Each year, 47 million Americans visit refuges, which help to support local economies by generating over $2 billion in revenue and more than 35,000 local jobs. People visit refuges from all over the country to explore, hunt, fish, and experience America’s natural beauty. Refuges also help to mold the next generation of conservationists and out-door enthusiasts by providing learning experiences and cherished memories for America’s families. Refuges have a tremendous impact for communities all over America, even in my home-town of Brooklyn, New York. But this wouldn’t be possible without help from dedicated volunteers, who donate 20 percent of the total service work at our refuges. They support full- time staff by helping to operate visitor centers; conduct fish and wildlife popu-lation surveys; maintain visitor struc-tures, roads, and paths; fight invasive species; and protect native plants and animals. While volunteers may vary in age, background, and skill set, what they all have in common is their dedication to preserving our country’s natural beauty so that we can all enjoy it for years to come. Advancing this legislation has been a collaborative process, and I greatly ap-preciate the hard work of Mr. WITTMAN  and Members on both sides of the aisle. Through this bipartisan legislation, we will demonstrate the economic benefits to be gained from protecting America’s natural beauty and being good stew-ards of the environment God has given to us all. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3979. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the passage of H.R. 3979 extends the authorization of volunteer and educational programs on the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge System adminis-tered by the Fish and Wildlife Service. This bill highlights the importance of community partnerships and volun-teers and the value they bring to our public lands. In 2016, refuge volunteers donated 1.3 million hours, which equals $30.6 million of labor value. Volunteers are critical for the daily operation of the National Wildlife Ref-uge System and other Federal lands. I know, in many cases, visitors would not have access to these unique places without the participation of volunteers and other partners. I serve as ranking member of the Federal Lands Subcommittee, where we held a hearing on this bill in No-vember and heard testimony from the National Wildlife Refuge Association about the importance of sustaining the volunteer program. I am pleased we can work in a bipartisan fashion to move this important message through the House. I commend the sponsor, Representa-tive J
EFFRIES of New York, for his hard work and dedication to this issue. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I echo the sentiment of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. This truly is what makes our Nation great: individ-uals willing to give of their time to work on these refuges. Many times, the ability to access those refuges is dependent upon those volunteers. We take a few resources and stretch them across the Nation on many of these refuge lands, and it is our volunteers who, many times, help in maintaining these lands and making sure that there is access and making sure that people who come to visit un-derstand the true value and nature of the resources that are there. It is, truly, I think, a great example of what makes our country great: peo-ple willing to put their time and effort into these refuges and making sure they, indeed, can be enjoyed by all. This is why I think this bill enjoys the support of folks on both sides of the aisle. This truly is, I think, an issue that should bring us all together. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3979, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINIS-TRATION, AFG, AND SAFER PRO-GRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4661) to reauthorize the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grants pro-gram, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Re-sponse grant program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4661 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 17(g)(1)(M) of the Federal Fire Pre-vention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2216 (g)(1)(M)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘for each such fiscal year’’ after ‘‘$2,753,672’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM AND THE FIRE PREVENTION AND SAFETY GRANTS PROGRAM. 
(a) S UNSET .—Section 33(r) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229(r)) is amended by striking ‘‘the date that is 5 years after the date of the en-actment of the Fire Grants Reauthorization Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 33(q)(1)(B) of the Federal Fire Pre-vention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229(q)(1)(B)) is amended, in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR CERTAIN TRAINING  U
NDER ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.017 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10156 December 18, 2017 
PROGRAM .—Section 33(c)(3) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229(c)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) To provide specialized training to firefighters, paramedics, emergency medical service workers, and other first responders to recognize individuals who have mental ill-ness and how to properly intervene with in-dividuals with mental illness, including strategies for verbal de-escalation of crisis.’’. 
SEC. 4. REAUTHORIZATION OF STAFFING FOR ADEQUATE FIRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) S UNSET .—Section 34(k) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(k)) is amended by striking ‘‘the date that is 5 years after the date of the en-actment of the Fire Grants Reauthorization Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 34(j)(1)(I) of the Federal Fire Preven-tion and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(j)(1)(I)) is amended, in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF APPLICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 34(b)(3)(B) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(b)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘of subsection (a)(1)(B)(ii) and (F)’’ and in-serting ‘‘of subsection (a)(1)(F)’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 34(c)(2) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘prior to the date of en-actment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘prior to the date of the application for the grant’’. (e) M
ODIFICATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— Section 34(d)(1)(B) of the Federal Fire Pre-vention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(d)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)(1)(E) or subsection (c)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(E), (c)(2), or (c)(4)’’. (f) E
XPANSION OF STAFFING FORADEQUATE  F
IRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PRO-
GRAM ; REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN  U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS TRANSFERRED TO AS-
SISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PRO-
GRAM .—Section 34(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or to change the status of part-time or paid-on-call (as defined in sec-tion 33(a)) firefighters to full-time fire-fighters’’ after ‘‘firefighters’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and to provide’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of crises’’. 
SEC. 5. TRAINING ON ADMINISTRATION OF FIRE GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the Administrator of the United States Fire Administration, may de-velop and make widely available an elec-tronic, online training course for members of the fire and emergency response community on matters relating to the administration of grants under sections 33 and 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall ensure that any training developed and made available under subsection (a) is— (1) tailored to the financial and time con-straints of members of the fire and emer-gency response community; and (2) accessible to all individuals in the ca-reer, combination, paid-on-call, and volun-teer fire and emergency response commu-nity. SEC. 6. FRAMEWORK FOR OVERSIGHT AND MONI-TORING OF THE ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM, THE FIRE PREVENTION AND SAFETY GRANTS PROGRAM, AND THE STAFF-ING FOR ADEQUATE FIRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) F RAMEWORK .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the Ad-ministrator of the United States Fire Ad-ministration, shall develop and implement a grant monitoring and oversight framework to mitigate and minimize risks of fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement relating to the grants programs under sections 33 and 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The framework required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) Developing standardized guidance and training for all participants in the grant pro-grams described in subsection (a). (2) Conducting regular risk assessments. (3) Conducting desk reviews and site visits. (4) Enforcement actions to recoup poten-tial questionable costs of grant recipients. (5) Such other oversight and monitoring tools as the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers necessary to mitigate and minimize fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement relating to the grant programs described in sub-section (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4661, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Pro-gram Reauthorization Act of 2017 re-flects a bipartisan, bicameral agree-ment reached between the House and the Senate authorizing committees. I want to particularly thank our chairman and ranking member and my friend, Senator M
CCAIN, for his leader-ship on this bill in the Senate, in help-ing us get this agreement today. I note we all appreciate his service as well as his commitment to the service of all those here whom we are working for today. Fire prevention and safety is lit-erally a matter of life and death. In 2015, there were 1.34 million fires re-ported in the United States, causing more than 3,000 civilian deaths and 15,000 injuries. In addition to this dev-astating human loss, fires cost $14.3 billion in property damage. As I travel throughout my district and visit with firefighters and para-medics, I am constantly reminded of the sacrifices they make to protect our neighbors. Certainly, as we have seen the raging fires in California, that is brought to mind also. One thing I consistently hear from our volunteer and professional fire-fighters is how critical these grants are to their stations. Whether they help by providing training for additional fire-fighters or providing upgraded res-pirators to ensure their safety, towns and communities around the district are safer as a result of these grants. Sadly, last year, 69 of our firefighters across the country lost their lives in the line of duty. Fire prevention has improved dra-matically since Congress passed the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act in 1974, which created the U.S. Fire Administration and the National Fire Academy. This has certainly profes-sionalized all of this work, but there are still areas for improvement. Firefighting activities and funding are primarily the responsibility of States and local communities. The USFA and NFA, however, are respon-sible for national data collection, pub-lic education, and research and train-ing programs to reduce fire deaths and make our communities and residents safer, as well as make our firefighters safer. For the last 15 years, the Federal Government has also awarded competi-tive grants directly to local fire de-partments and unaffiliated emergency medical services, or EMS, organiza-tions to help with a variety of equip-ment, training, and other needs. FIRE Act awards provide funding and equipment training to ensure the safe-ty of our Nation’s first responders. SAFER Act awards help local depart-ments to recruit, hire, and retain trained firefighters. Many firefighting departments in my district rely on these grants in order to maintain high- quality fire and emergency services for their communities. Loudoun County, in particular, re-ceived $2 million through this grant program. According to Fire Chief Brower: ‘‘These programs greatly as-sist localities in the areas of firefighter safety, fire and life safety education, and improved resourcing for tactical fire operations.’’ More than 80 people lost their lives in the horrific Grenfell Tower fire in Lon-don that occurred earlier this year. Closer to home, it was just 2 years ago that a Metro fire injured 70 and killed a Virginia resident who was a grandmother of three, who was on her way to work. California’s huge wildfires are in to-day’s headlines and remind us that, as communities continue to expand into wildland areas, wildfires pose growing risk for human life, home and property losses, and entire communities. When fires occur, first responders run toward the flames and put themselves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.006 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10157 December 18, 2017 
in danger in order to prevent lives from being lost. This bill will reauthorize the USFA and the FIRE and SAFER programs for 6 years and ensure that our Nation’s firefighters and paramedics have the tools and training they need to fight and prevent devastating fires. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill today, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 4661, the ‘‘United States Fire Administra-tion, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthor-ization Act of 2017.’’ The bill contains provi-sions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Home-land Security will not assert its jurisdic-tional claim over this bill by seeking a se-quential referral. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by foregoing action at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the under-standing that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference on this or any similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request. I ask that a copy of this letter and your re-sponse be included in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Home Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Committee on Homeland Security’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 4661, the ‘‘United States Fire Administra-tion, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthor-ization Act of 2017,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 4661 by your committee. I agree that the Committee on Homeland Security has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 4661 and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be ad-versely affected by your decision to not re-quest a sequential referral of H.R. 4661. As you have requested, I will support your re-quest for an appropriate appointment of out-side conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a con-ference be convened. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I write concerning H.R. 4661, the United States Fire Adminis-tration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reau-thorization Act of 2017. This legislation in-cludes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure will forego ac-tion on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appoint-ment of conferees or to any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-tion. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. I would ask that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdic-tional interest as well as the mutually agreed upon changes to be incorporated into the bill be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our un-derstanding. I look forward to working with the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative proc-ess. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure’s jurisdictional in-terest in H.R. 4661, the ‘‘United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017,’’ and your will-ingness to forego consideration of H.R. 4661 by your committee. I agree that the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure has a valid juris-dictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 4661 and that the Committee’s jurisdic-tion will not be adversely affected by your decision to not request a sequential referral of H.R. 4661. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate ap-pointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthor-ization Act of 2017. I hope we can all agree on the ur-gency of reauthorizing this program before the sunset in current law would terminate this program in January. We heard from the local, State, and Fed-eral experts at our hearing in July just how essential these programs are to en-suring both firefighter and community safety in all of our districts across the Nation. This bill authorizes funding at the 2017 levels for the U.S. Fire Adminis-tration, Assistance to Firefighters Grants, Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants. b1730 It also directs establishment of a grant monitoring and oversight frame-work. It makes important technical fixes to current law. It ensures lesser resourced fire departments have the tools to successfully apply for grants. These are critical programs to ensure the safety and security of all Ameri-cans, and they must be reauthorized. Unfortunately, I must also express my disappointment and frustration with the majority’s insistence on in-cluding a new sunset clause in this bill. The sunset currently in law is putting these programs at risk as we speak. Congress shouldn’t need sunsets to do a job properly. In this case, arbitrary program sunsets puts lives at risk. Every single firefighting organization wants this sunset out. On a bipartisan basis, the Senate has voted to remove this sunset, yet here we are today run-ning up a program termination that nobody wants, and senselessly adding a future program termination date that nobody wants. Legislating by self-created emer-gency is bad for Congress and bad for our country. Here we are in December desperately trying to avoid termi-nating assistance to firefighters. At the same time, we are desperately try-ing to keep the Federal Government from shutting down and we are des-perately trying to provide disaster as-sistance to Americans who are suf-fering. Of course, we have already missed the deadline on CHIP, and now 9 million children all across our coun-try are in danger of losing health cov-erage. This is no way to run a country. So we will vote on this bill today and, in 7 years, probably be right back in the same boat we are today. We can and should do better than this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4661, the United States Fire Adminis-tration, AFG, and SAFER Program Re-authorization Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, 2017 has been the most devastating year in California wildfire history. Thousands of California resi-dents were displaced, over 1 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.019 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10158 December 18, 2017 
acres burned, and thousands of homes and businesses were destroyed by this year’s fires. Now, more than ever, it is critical that California’s fire departments are fully staffed. SAFER grants provide re-sources for fire departments that struggle to meet their staffing needs, including Orange County Fire Author-ity in my district. SAFER grants will undoubtedly help fire departments across the country meet the needs of their communities, while ensuring firefighters are ready and able to assist with wildfire sup-pression efforts. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to offer my sincerest condolences to CAL FIRE and the fam-ily of Cory Iverson, who tragically lost his life this past week battling the Thomas fire. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the reauthorization of the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grant Program, and the SAFER grant program. These programs are vital to protect the public and the Nation’s fire-fighters. Recent trends have shown that fire safety and prevention remains a serious national concern. Data from the U.S. Fire Administration shows that, while there are fewer fires and fire-related deaths overall, fires are be-coming more severe and costly in both lives lost and property damage per fire. The best-trained, best-equipped fire-fighters cannot always overcome the dangers associated with today’s severe fires. This alarming trend jeopardizes the economic health of our communities and our national goal of increased re-silience to fire. Adequate funding for the brave men and women who fight fires is essential, but we must also be effective in reducing these trends by preventing the fire’s ignition and growth, in the first place, through ro-bust fire prevention. I will work with the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to request that the U.S. First Administration and FEMA investigate the upward trend in fatalities and property damage per fire. Mr. Speaker, I thank both Chairman S
MITH and subcommittee Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK for their leadership and hard work on the reauthorization bill, and I hope to work with them to address these issues moving forward. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to note that the Inter-national Association of Fire Chiefs has endorsed this bill. I appreciate, again, the bicameral, bi-partisan support we were able to bring together for the sixth year reauthoriza-tion—actually, the seventh year, also, for extra room there. Mr. Speaker, I have no further re-quests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the United States Fire Ad-ministration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) program, the Staffing for Ade-quate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) Grant program, and the Fire Preven-tion and Safety programs. As an original author of these critical grant programs, I understand their importance to the firefighting community. It is often local fire-fighters who are the first on the scene before help from elsewhere can arrive. Our first re-sponders provide immediate assistance to those in need; and these grants enable local firefighters across our nation to receive the training and equipment necessary to fulfill this important mission. The proper training and equipment provided to local firefighters by the AFG and SAFER grant programs and Fire Prevention and Safe-ty programs can often mean the difference be-tween life and death. It is unfortunate, Mr. Speaker, that it took so long for the House to act on reauthorizing these important federal grants. We have had nearly an entire year for the Majority to intro-duce a bill, have it considered in committee, and see action on the House floor. Or simply, we could have just considered S. 829, which passed the Senate by unanimous consent on August 2, 2017. I even introduced H.R. 3881, a House version of the Senate-passed legislation and co-led a letter with 153 members of this House to show support for reauthorizing these grant programs. However, no action was taken to reauthorize these critical grant programs until today. The bill before us today makes meaningful and technical changes to the administration of these grant programs. One important change this bill makes, that I know is significant to my home state of New Jersey and fire depart-ments across the nation, is permitting the use of these grants to permit the use of grants to change the status of part-time or paid-on-call firefighters to full-time firefighters. However, unlike the Senate bill, the bill be-fore us today continues to have a dreadful sunset clause. Typically, the Congress sun-sets programs to ensure there is an oppor-tunity to review the importance of a program’s continuation and that there is no waste, fraud, or abuse. Since the establishment of these fire programs, there have been no major issues with waste, fraud, or abuse—and we certainly cannot dispute the major benefits these pro-grams provide. So it is a wonder why some are insisting on sunsetting these critical grant programs in this bill. This sunset causes needless anxiety, which many have been feeling this year as the House is only now reauthorizing these pro-grams just two weeks before they’re set to ex-pire. This is a situation where states and local-ities and tens of thousands of fire departments across our nation are left wondering about the future of critical funding they rely on to keep their communities safe. This sunset is unnec-essary and we should eliminate it. It is not an understatement to say that the funding provided by these programs has saved countless lives. The federal resources these grants have provided fire departments with the equipment, training and staffing need-ed to swiftly respond to over 30 million calls annually. These programs also have improved firefighters’ response capabilities and pre-vented numerous fires through safety pro-grams targeted toward high-risk populations. Finally, I would like to thank my colleagues Congressman PETER KING, STENY HOYER and D
AVE REICHERT as co-chairs of the Congres-sional Fire Services Caucus and for their tire-less work on behalf of our nation’s fire service. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues in this Chamber to support the re-authorization of these critical grant programs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4661. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STEM RESEARCH AND EDUCATION EFFECTIVENESS AND TRANS-PARENCY ACT Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4375) to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain Na-tional Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4375 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘STEM Re-search and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. BROADENING PARTICIPATION IN STEM PROGRAM EFFECTIVENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit a report to Congress on the ef-fectiveness of all National Science Founda-tion research and education programs for broadening the participation of women and other historically underrepresented individ-uals in STEM studies and careers, includ-ing— (1) development or identification of per-formance metrics to evaluate such programs; (2) information on student outcomes using all available data, including dropout rates, enrollment in graduate programs, intern-ships or apprenticeships, and employment; (3) identification of any data gaps for eval-uating the effectiveness and outcomes of Na-tional Science Foundation programs to broaden participation; and (4) recommendations for maintaining, translating, and disseminating outcomes data for STEM programs funded by the Na-tional Science Foundation. (b) D
EFINITION OF STEM.—In this section, the term ‘‘STEM’’ has the meaning given the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.021 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10159 December 18, 2017 
term in section 2 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). 
SEC. 3. COLLECTION AND REPORTING OF DATA ON FEDERAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal science agency shall collect standardized record- level annual information on demographics, primary field, award type, review rating, budget request, funding outcome, and award-ed budget for all applications for merit-re-viewed research and development grants to institutions of higher education and Federal laboratories supported by that agency. (2) U
NIFORMITY AND STANDARDIZATION .—The Director shall establish a policy to ensure uniformity and standardization of the data collection required under paragraph (1). (3) R
ECORD -LEVEL DATA .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—On an annual basis, be-ginning with the deadline under subpara-graph (C), each Federal science agency shall submit to the Director of the National Science Foundation record-level data col-lected under paragraph (1) in the form re-quired by such Director. (B) P
REVIOUS DATA .—As part of the first submission under subparagraph (A), each Federal science agency, to the extent prac-ticable, shall submit comparable record-level data for the 5 years preceding the deadline under subparagraph (C). (C) D
EADLINE .—The deadline under this paragraph is not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) R
EPORTING OF DATA.—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall pub-lish statistical summary data collected under this section, disaggregated and cross- tabulated demographically and by years since completion of doctoral degree, includ-ing in conjunction with the National Science Foundation’s report required by section 37 of the Science and Technology Equal Opportu-nities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885d; Public Law 96– 516). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. (2) F
EDERAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Fed-eral laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703). (3) F
EDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal science agency’’ means any Federal agency with at least $100,000,000 in research and development expenditures in fiscal year 2017. (4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4375, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4375, the STEM Re-search and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act, contains two provi-sions aimed at providing better infor-mation on how to make taxpayer-fund-ed investments in STEM and research and development more effective, trans-parent, and fair. First, the bill requires the National Science Foundation, for the first time, to report and make recommendations to Congress regarding the effectiveness of its research and education programs aimed at broadening the participation of women and historically underrep-resented individuals in STEM. This report will give Congress, the National Science Foundation, and other stakeholders objective informa-tion about what kinds of interventions and assistance are efficient, scalable, and effective. In order to have a vibrant economy that provides opportunity and pros-perity for all, we must be the leader in STEM fields. To do that, we need to de-velop the talent of all Americans. This report will help us focus resources on what works. According to the Society of Women Engineers, which partnered with the Center for WorkLife Law at the Uni-versity of California’s Hastings College of Law, women represent only about 15 percent of the engineering workforce. This is an important issue because studies have found that companies with higher female representation tend to achieve more and have higher prof-its. According to Catalyst research of Fortune 500 companies, firms with the most female representation showed a 35 percent higher return on equity and 34 percent higher return to shareholders. Second, the bill requires all Federal science agencies to collect standard-ized information, including demo-graphics, for each application received for research and development grants. Agencies are to submit the information annually to the National Science Foun-dation, which is directed to publish an annual statistical summary. This information will provide better transparency to how taxpayer dollars are spent on research and scientists, who are involved in that research, across the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Ms. JOHNSON , for joining me in sponsoring this bill, which, as I mentioned, also applies to really getting a much more diverse workforce, and understanding that our diverse workforce is a strength; and by only embracing that strength, are we going to be able to have and lead in STEM throughout the world. So I ap-preciate Ms. J
OHNSON ’s longtime com-mitment to ensuring STEM reaches into all communities and provides op-portunities for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4375, the STEM Research and Edu-cation Effectiveness and Transparency Act. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be a co-sponsor of this bill, and I thank the Re-search and Technology Subcommittee chairwoman, Mrs. COMSTOCK , for intro-ducing it. Research shows that the underrep-resentation of women and minorities in STEM fields is not due to a lack of in-terest or motivation. There are real in-stitutional and cultural barriers pre-venting talented individuals from real-izing their dreams of working in STEM careers. We must better understand these barriers so that we may develop and support the most effective policies and programs. H.R. 4375 directs the NSF to report on the effectiveness of current port-folio of broadening participation pro-grams. This bill also includes one pro-vision from my STEM Opportunities Act that requires all Federal science agencies to collect and report annually on data for all research grant applica-tions and awards. This would enable researchers to con-duct a cross-agency assessment of the participation and success of Federal grant applicants across demographic groups. With information about the participation and success of women and minorities throughout the process of applying for Federal research funding, including such details as the award size, we can identify and root out any inequities that reflect implicit bias in the process. This bill is a small, but important, step in the right direction toward en-suring equitable access to STEM edu-cation and careers. I want to take a moment to advocate for this House considering my STEM Opportunities Act, H.R. 2653, in its en-tirety. That would allow us to continue the steps we are taking today to broad-en participation in STEM in our coun-try. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. J
OHNSON for her work on this legislation in moving this forward. I know as I go around my district and I see young people, and I see the engagement of a very diverse population in STEM, this is really going to be the future of our workforce. It is exciting to be able to know that we will be able to have a small role in that today, to make sure that we are reaching everybody, because we cannot leave anybody behind with our need for more STEM resources, and to be able to make sure that we have that work-force of the 21st century. I know in Vir-ginia alone, we have 34,000 or so cyber jobs that we are still looking for people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.007 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10160 December 18, 2017 
for. So this will help with that pipe-line. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4375, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1745 WOMEN IN AEROSPACE EDUCATION ACT Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4254) to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Pro-gram and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4254 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women in Aero-space Education Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM FELLOWSHIP OPPORTUNI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–368; 42 U.S.C. 1862n et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 10(a)(3)(A)(iv), by inserting ‘‘, including research experiences at national lab-oratories and NASA centers’’ before the semi-colon; and (2) in section 10A(c)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) providing internship opportunities for fellows, including research experiences at na-tional laboratories and NASA Centers.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to grants awarded on or after October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 3. NASA INTERNSHIP AND FELLOWSHIP OP-PORTUNITIES. 
Not later than October 1, 2018, the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (in this section referred to as ‘‘NASA’’) shall institute a process to prioritize the recruitment of qualified candidates who are women or individuals who are historically underrepresented in the fields of science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and computer science for internships and fel-lowships at NASA with relevance to the aero-space sector and related fields. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 4254, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am taking this oppor-tunity to speak on an important initia-tive to strengthen our aerospace work-force. H.R. 4254, the Women in Aero-space Education Act, directs the Na-tional Science Foundation through the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Pro-gram and NASA, to shape their fellow-ship and internship opportunities to encourage more women to get aero-space expertise while they are training to be teachers. Female aerospace professionals must be placed in the classroom in greater numbers. A full fifth of U.S. aerospace engineers are of retirement age today. They are beginning to exit our work-force, which will create an enormous shortfall in our national security pre-paredness. Meanwhile, women represent only one-quarter of all STEM workers and represent only about 15 percent of all aerospace engineers. We need to im-prove our STEM education pipeline— from ensuring STEM classes are avail-able to students at a young age to en-couraging young Americans to pursue STEM education all the way through to completing their degree. But the gender gap that is so preva-lent in this industry will persist until we make STEM and aerospace more in-clusive of women and encourage women at a young age to pursue these fields. Attitudes about career paths are formed at a very young age. The role models and leaders from which young women learn have an enormous impact on the decisions they make throughout their formal education as they enter the workforce. I introduced the Women in Aerospace Education Act to make better use of some of the Federal Government’s best teacher training programs to increase the number of women teachers who have seen, worked on, and can relate to the Nation’s leading aerospace pro-grams to young female students. Robert Noyce scholars, who get teacher certification assistance from the National Science Foundation, are already, in small numbers, getting ex-perience in NASA centers and the na-tional labs. Once they become certified and go teach in the K–12 system, they draw upon the work they did on major public initiatives in science and technology. Schools love having Noyce program teachers because their strong positive attitudes about STEM are cultivated in the students. It will strengthen our STEM pipeline to enhance the connec-tion between the Noyce scholarship program and our schools. The second provision of this bill di-rects NASA to more actively promote its internship and fellowship opportu-nities to women or members of other historically underrepresented groups. Together, the two provisions of this bill will help a necessary and funda-mental shift in our education system in aerospace workforce. I would like to thank Ms. E
STYfor her help on this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in sup-port of H.R. 4254, the Women in Aero-space Education Act. I want to thank Mr. K
NIGHT and Ms. E
STYfor introducing this bill. Women continue to be woefully underrep-resented in the aerospace sector. Ac-cording to the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics, women made up only 8 percent of aerospace engineers last year. While we are inspired by the career of NASA as-tronaut Peggy Whitson, who holds the U.S. record for days in space, we must do more to ensure that successes like hers are the rule and not the exception. H.R. 4254 will help address the under-representation of women at all levels in aerospace education and in the workforce by privatizing the recruit-ment of qualified women to apply for NASA internships and fellowships. Some of these women will go on to be STEM teachers, and others will have research or industry careers. They will all benefit from participating in the NASA programs, and I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of the Women in Aerospace Education Act. I want to thank my friend and colleague, Con-gressman K
NIGHT , for working with me to address critical workforce needs and bridge the gender gap in the aerospace industry. Mr. Speaker, quite simply, we do not have enough skilled aerospace workers in America, and the problem is growing worse. According to a 2015 Aviation Week Workforce Study, nearly one- fifth—one-fifth—of our aerospace engi-neers are now eligible for retirement. What is more, women only account for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Mar 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\DECEMBER\H18DE7.REC H18DE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10161 December 18, 2017 
about 15 percent of all aerospace engi-neers. That means that women rep-resent a tremendous opportunity, an untapped resource for a sector vital to our economy and to our national secu-rity. Bringing women to the table is not only the right thing to do, it is the smart and necessary thing to do in order to keep America competitive in a 21st century economy. Women provide new and essential perspective in the workplace, driving innovation and strengthening our abil-ity to address new challenges. With an aging workforce, we must do every-thing in our power to broaden and deepen the pool of skilled workers and provide all Americans with the skills they need to compete in a global econ-omy. Aerospace companies in northwest and central Connecticut, like Ensign- Bickford, Praxair, and United Tech-nologies Corporation, have shared with me for years their concerns about this aging workforce. That is because they are looking down the line, and they know that if they don’t diversify their workforce soon, shortages of skilled workers could force these companies to relocate or even leave the United States. Our bill, the Women in Aerospace Education Act, addresses the need to expand and diversify the STEM work-force in two ways. First, our bill supports hands-on ex-periences for teachers. The Women in Aerospace Education Act does this by encouraging universities applying for Noyce grants to incorporate aerospace working and learning experiences at the national laboratories and NASA centers into their fellowship programs. Second, our bill specifically targets diversifying the aerospace workforce by allowing the National Science Foun-dation to prioritize women and other underrepresented groups working in aerospace engineering when awarding the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship grants. Noyce teacher grants play a vital role in placing STEM teachers in rural or lower-income school districts, which all too often do not have access to the resources, to give students robust hands-on science. Our bill will help en-sure that more female STEM teachers will enter classrooms with firsthand knowledge of how aerospace tech-nologies are strengthening America’s future. This is important. This is important because it is a fact that girls who have women science teachers are more like-ly to consider a career in the sciences, and teachers who are exposed to hands- on, real-life science are better able to kindle that interest in science among their students. Let me give you an example of what a difference these efforts will make. Kelley Johnson is a member of my STEM Advisory Board. She is a founder and president of Doors to Explore, In-corporated, a startup in my district that provides an online resource for young people to explore STEM careers. Growing up, Kelley had no idea what aerospace engineering was; that is, until a local company donated a Wang computer to her high school, which al-lowed her to take her first computer science classes. Kelley went on to work at NASA where she designed elec-tronics for two satellites. Her time at NASA was instrumental in developing her critical thinking skills and pro-vided her with an even stronger foun-dation in STEM that she has used in every job since. Kelley’s early exposure to computer science and her work at NASA launched her into a successful career in STEM, and she is now sharing that with a new generation of students. I am committed to making Kelley’s experience available to young women and men all across this country who would thrive from mentorship from fe-male science teachers or work experi-ence at NASA or the national labs. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman K
NIGHT for his leadership on this bill and on this important issue. I urge my colleagues to support the Women in Aerospace Education Act. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I think Members can hear that we have got passion here, and Ms. J
OHNSON , Ms. E
STY, and I believe that talk is cheap, and this is actually going to do some-thing. If we are going to talk about STEM continually, and we are going to try and push this maybe into an arena that hasn’t been pushed before, then let’s do something. That is exactly what this is doing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4254, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
UNITED STATES AND ISRAEL SPACE COOPERATION ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1159) to provide for continuing co-operation between the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration and the Israel Space Agency, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1159 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) authorized in 1958, the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) supports and coordinates United States Gov-ernment research in aeronautics, human ex-ploration and operations, science, and space technology; (2) established in 1983, the Israel Space Agency (ISA) supports the growth of Israel’s space industry by supporting academic re-search, technological innovation, and edu-cational activities; (3) the mutual interest of the United States and Israel in space exploration affords both nations an opportunity to leverage their unique abilities to advance scientific discovery; (4) in 1996, NASA and the ISA entered into their first agreement outlining areas of mu-tual cooperation, which remained in force until 2005; (5) since 1996, NASA and the ISA have suc-cessfully cooperated on many space pro-grams supporting the Global Positioning System and research related to the sun, earth science, and the environment; (6) the bond between NASA and the ISA was permanently forged on February 1, 2003, with the loss of the crew of STS–107 includ-ing Israeli Astronaut Ilan Ramon; (7) the United States-Israel Strategic Part-nership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296) des-ignated Israel as a Major Strategic Partner of the United States; and (8) on October 13, 2015, the United States and Israel signed the Framework Agreement between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States of America and the Israel Space Agency for Co-operation in Aeronautics and the Explo-ration and Use of Airspace and Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes. 
SEC. 3. CONTINUING COOPERATION. 
The Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration shall con-tinue to work with the Israel Space Agency to identify and cooperatively pursue peaceful space exploration and science initiatives in areas of mutual interest, taking all appro-priate measures to protect sensitive infor-mation, intellectual property, trade secrets, and economic interests of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on H.R. 1159, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act deserves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.027 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10162 December 18, 2017 
our support. The peaceful use of outer space and cooperation with our friends and allies lie at the very heart of NASA’s mission. The United States has been a partner and a friend to the Israeli space pro-gram since its creation three decades ago. Our voyages have brought us clos-er together as nations, as partners, and as friends. Our shared quests for peace, knowledge, and friendship echo our ex-periences together on Earth. But sadness and sorrow have tested that relationship. Israel’s first astro-naut, Ilan Ramon, flew to space for the first time on the ill-fated Space Shut-tle Columbia. Even though that acci-dent tragically ended the life of Ilan and six U.S. crew members, the U.S. and Israel turned that tragedy into hope, working together even more closely. In 2015, the U.S. and Israel again re-newed their partnership with another 10-year commitment to peaceful co-operation in space. That mutual com-mitment to the peaceful exploration of outer space has grown even stronger with the passage of this act under con-sideration today. Peaceful space exploration offers all humanity a common, noble goal, ex-tending our collective reach further into the heavens. Reaching farther and broadening our understanding of the universe is one of the most important and honorable challenges that we can face together. I believe that working together with our allies and partners on the peaceful exploration of space is an essential part of what makes NASA a vital national asset. This bill strengthens NASA’s ability to do this important work. I am also pleased that the bill in-cludes a recognition that sensitive and proprietary information should be pro-tected. b1800 Mr. Speaker, I invite all of my col-leagues to join me in support of the United States and Israel Space Co-operation Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1159, the United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act. The coopera-tion between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA, and the Israel Space Agency is just one ex-ample of peaceful international co-operation that has been a hallmark of NASA’s approach since its inception in 1958. In fact, when Congress passed NASA’s founding legislation, the Space Act of 1958, one of the primary objec-tives established for the agency was: ‘‘7, Cooperation by the United States with other nations and groups of na-tions in work done pursuant to this act and in the peaceful application of the results thereof.’’ NASA has followed this objective over the years in a variety of ways. Since its establishment in 1958, NASA has entered into over 5,000 original agreements with international entities, and currently NASA has over 800 active cooperative agreements across a range of disciplines with over 120 countries and international organizations. These international partnerships have led to a range of benefits in sci-entific advancement, access to sci-entific data, partnering in exploration, and sharing the costs and risks of space missions. NASA has had a long and fruitful re-lationship with the country of Israel, and that cooperative relationship con-tinues to this day. Current activities with Israel include the involvement of almost 200 Israeli schools in the Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment, GLOBE, educational project; collaboration on atmospheric and climate research; and numerical cloud modeling, among other activi-ties. I think it is also fitting to remember that the crew of the ill-fated Space Shuttle Columbia mission, STS–107, in-cluded an Israeli astronaut, Ilan Ramon, who, along with the entire STS–107 crew, tragically perished with the loss of the space shuttle orbiter on February 1, 2003. Israel has shared in the great achievements of NASA as well as great losses that have paved the way for fu-ture space explorers. Their sacrifice will be held in our hearts as we work to further space exploration for the ben-efit of mankind. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsor of this legislation, Mr. K
ILMER , for introducing the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, but before I do, I want to just briefly acknowledge the members of my community who were affected by a tragic Amtrak derailment in Pierce County, Washington, today. The families of those we lost and all the folks affected by this are in my prayers tonight. Mr. Speaker, on May 25, 1961, Presi-dent John F. Kennedy came before this body and gave an urgent special ad-dress. He laid out the costs of sup-porting the space program and of going to the Moon, and he said: ‘‘We choose to go into space because whatever man-kind must undertake, free men must fully share.’’ Today, Mr. Speaker, that journey continues as we take a vote to for-malize sharing a space partnership be-tween our Nation and a close ally and friend, the nation of Israel. This partnership began in 1985 when NASA and the Israel Space Agency began cooperating on a limited basis. A decade later, our Nation signed an agreement to allow Israeli astronauts to begin training with their American counterparts. In 2003, Israeli Air Force Colonel Ilan Ramon became the first Israeli astro-naut. He traveled to space aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia. It was a 16- day mission, and the crew of six Ameri-cans and one Israeli conducted 80 ex-periments that helped us understand our place in the universe just a little bit better. Tragically, the celebration of this partnership turned to shared mourning as Columbia was lost on reentry, but the tragedy did not stop our shared journey into space. To this day, we continue to cooperate, including on projects everyone benefits from, in-cluding the Global Positioning System, and research that helps us better un-derstand the Sun, and even research re-lated to our environment here on Earth. In 2015, NASA and the Israel Space Agency signed a civil space framework agreement to formalize and expand co-operation in civil space activities. Mr. Speaker, today’s vote continues a deep and lasting partnership among free societies. I have been proud to work with a number of my colleagues and NASA and everyday Americans who know that all mankind benefits when we explore our universe. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for his leadership on these issues and the ranking member, who has been such a champion in sup-port of smart policies in the arena of science, space, and technology. I also would like to thank the majority and minority staff from the committee for the work that they do. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1159, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SUPPORTING VETERANS IN STEM CAREERS ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4323) to promote veteran involve-ment in STEM education, computer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.030 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10163 December 18, 2017 
science, and scientific research, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4323 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the National Science Founda-tion. (2) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Science Foundation. (3) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). (4) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORTING VETERANS IN STEM EDU-CATION AND COMPUTER SCIENCE. 
(a) S UPPORTING VETERAN INVOLVEMENT IN  S
CIENTIFIC RESEARCH AND STEM E DU-
CATION .—The Director shall, through the re-search and education activities of the Foun-dation, encourage veterans to study and pur-sue careers in STEM and computer science, in coordination with other Federal agencies that serve veterans. (b) V
ETERAN OUTREACH PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan for how the Foundation can enhance its outreach ef-forts to veterans. Such plan shall— (1) report on the Foundation’s existing out-reach activities; (2) identify the best method for the Foun-dation to leverage existing authorities and programs to facilitate and support veterans in STEM careers and studies, including teaching programs; and (3) identify a method for the Foundation to track veteran participation in research and education programs of the Foundation, and describe any barriers to collecting such in-formation. (c) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD INDICATORS  R
EPORT .—The National Science Board shall provide in its annual report on indicators of the state of science and engineering in the United States any available and relevant data on veterans in science and engineering careers or education programs. (d) R
OBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP  P
ROGRAM UPDATE .—Section 10 of the Na-tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) higher education programs that serve or support veterans.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(F)— (A) by striking ‘‘and students’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, students’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and veterans’’ before the period at the end; (3) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘and veterans’’ before the period at the end; and (4) in subsection (d)(2), by inserting ‘‘and veterans’’ before the period at the end. (e) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION TEACH -
INGFELLOWSHIPS AND MASTER TEACHING FEL-LOWSHIPS UPDATE .—Section 10A(d) of the Na-tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1a(d)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (3)(F)— (A) by striking ‘‘and individuals’’ and in-serting ‘‘, individuals’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and veterans’’ before the period at the end; and (2) in paragraph (4)(B), by inserting ‘‘and veterans’’ before the period at the end. (f) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION COM-
PUTER AND NETWORK SECURITY CAPACITY  B
UILDING GRANTS UPDATE .—Section 5(a) of the Cyber Security Research and Develop-ment Act (15 U.S.C. 7404(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and stu-dents who are veterans’’ after ‘‘these fields’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (K); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) creating opportunities for veterans to transition to careers in computer and net-work security; and’’. (g) G
RADUATE TRAINEESHIPS IN COMPUTER  
ANDNETWORK SECURITY RESEARCH UPDATE .— Section 5(c)(6)(C) of the Cyber Security Re-search and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7404(c)(6)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or veterans’’ after ‘‘disciplines’’. (h) V
ETERANS AND MILITARY FAMILIES  STEM E
DUCATION INTERAGENCY SUB-
COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall es-tablish a subcommittee under the Com-mittee on STEM Education of the National Science and Technology Council (established under section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010) to coordinate Federal programs and policies for transitioning and training veterans and mili-tary spouses for STEM careers. (2) D
UTIES OF SUBCOMMITTEE .—The sub- committee established under paragraph (1) shall— (A) coordinate Federal agency STEM out-reach activities and programs for veterans and military spouses; and (B) develop and facilitate the implementa-tion by participating agencies of a strategic plan, which shall— (i) specify and prioritize short- and long- term objectives; (ii) specify the common metrics that will be used by Federal agencies to assess progress toward achieving such objectives; (iii) identify barriers veterans face in reen-tering the workforce, including a lack of for-mal STEM education, career guidance, and the process of transferring military credits and skills to college credits; (iv) identify barriers military spouses face in establishing careers in STEM fields; (v) describe the approaches that each par-ticipating agency will take to address ad-ministratively the barriers described in clauses (iii) and (iv); and (vi) identify any barriers that require Fed-eral or State legislative or regulatory changes in order to be addressed. (3) D
UTIES OF OSTP .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall encourage and monitor the efforts of the Federal agencies participating in the subcommittee to ensure that the strategic plan required under paragraph (2)(B) is devel-oped and executed effectively and that the objectives of such strategic plan are met. (4) R
EPORT .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall— (A) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to Congress the strategic plan required under paragraph (2)(B); and (B) include in the annual report required by section 101(d) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act a description of any progress made in carrying out the activities described in paragraph (2)(B) of this sub-section. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 4323, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4323, the Sup-porting Veterans in STEM Careers Act, is about helping expand veterans’ job and education opportunities in the sciences. The bill requires the National Science Foundation to develop a vet-erans outreach plan and to publish data on veterans’ participation in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields in its annual Indi-cators report. The bill also updates the Noyce Teacher Scholarship program, its fel-lowship programs, and cyber grant pro-grams to include outreach to veterans. Additionally, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy is tasked with overseeing an interagency working group to examine how to in-crease veteran participation in STEM career fields, including addressing any barriers for servicemembers and their spouses. In the next 5 years, between 1 and 1.5 million members of the United States Armed Forces will be leaving the mili-tary, according to the Department of Defense. Many of these veterans will be seeking new careers. By a great mar-gin, veterans cite finding employment as their number one need when return-ing home. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, occupations in the STEM fields are projected to grow to more than 9 million between 2012 and 2022, an increase of 1 million jobs. Research shows that many military veterans already have skills and train-ing that align with STEM careers, par-ticularly in information technology. However, research has also shown that veterans face many barriers as they re-enter the workforce, including a lack of formal STEM education, career guidance, and the difficult task of transferring military credits to civil-ian credits. Our Nation’s veterans deserve every opportunity to transition to a healthy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.032 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10164 December 18, 2017 
and successful civilian life. This bill will help our servicemembers to con-tinue to serve our Nation in many new ways by filling 21st century jobs and keeping America on the cutting edge of innovation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. T
AKANO , the ranking vice chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a fel-low member on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for cospon-soring this bipartisan legislation. I also salute all of my fellow veterans on the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee who joined me in introducing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4323, the Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act, and I thank Mr. D
UNNand Mr. T
AKANO for introducing this good legislation. The demand for a workforce equipped with STEM skills is growing. At the same time, many veterans developed valuable technical skills during their service. We must do more to take ad-vantage of those skills and increase veteran participation in STEM careers if we are to meet the workforce de-mands. This summer, I was pleased to see the passage of the Forever GI Bill, which extended GI benefits for veterans en-rolled in STEM degree programs. Now that STEM degrees are more accessible for veterans, we must do more to sup-port veterans during their transition into STEM degree programs and ca-reers. H.R. 4323 directs the National Science Foundation to report data on veterans in STEM studies and careers and develop a plan to increase outreach to veterans. This bill also creates an interagency committee that will examine how Fed-eral programs and policies can best be leveraged to equip veterans with the skills they need to transition into STEM careers. H.R. 4323 is a good step toward strengthening our STEM workforce and creating opportunities for an emi-nently deserving sector of our citi-zenry. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, the ranking member, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4323, the Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act. I led this bill with the gentleman from Florida because finding ways to improve higher education for veterans is essential to our economy and critical to keeping our promise to those who serve. This legislation advances the great work being done by the National Science Foundation by requiring NSF to develop a plan to help more veterans enter science, technology, engineering, and math fields. In addition, it requires NSF to report available data on veterans partici-pating in STEM fields. NSF will also be required to recruit veterans for existing NSF programs, including the Noyse Teacher Scholar-ship program, and for cybersecurity- specific education and training pro-grams. Finally, this bill creates an inter-agency committee to help veterans and their spouses transition to STEM ca-reers, including reporting on their progress. All of us understand the challenges veterans face when trying to further their education, but we have also seen what happens when former service-members are empowered to success as civilians. After World War II, soldiers returned home to a GI Bill that sparked an era of innovation and eco-nomic growth. By helping veterans enter STEM edu-cation and research programs, this bill will help build a workforce that is pre-pared to succeed in the modern econ-omy. At the same time, it will drive some of our best and brightest into fields where they can make new discov-eries and create new technologies that will redefine the world for future gen-erations. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to work with my Republican colleague, Mr. DUNN, and I encourage all Members to support this legislation. b1815 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge support of this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4323, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY OF THE UNITED STATES—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Armed Services: To the Congress of the United States: Consistent with section 108 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947, as amended (50 U.S.C. 3043), I have enclosed the Na-tional Security Strategy of the United States. This National Security Strategy sets forth my guidance and direction for an America First foreign policy and charts a path to achieving the goals and objectives that will make America great again. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 18, 2017. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 16 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule XVI, I move that when the House adjourns today, it ad-journ to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow for morning-hour debate and 10 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to fix the convening time will be followed by 5- minute votes on motions to suspend the rules on: H.R. 4375, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 3979, by the yeas and nays. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 216, nays 169, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 685] YEAS—216 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.033 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10165 December 18, 2017 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—169 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—46 
Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Capuano Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Collins (NY) Crawford DeSantis Deutch Duffy Duncan (SC) Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Gutie´rrez Higgins (LA) Hudson Katko Kelly (MS) Kennedy Labrador Larson (CT) Lawrence Loudermilk McCollum Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pascrell Pocan Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rosen Rush Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Smith (TX) Speier Tiberi Wagner Walz Webster (FL) 
b1858 Messrs. TAKANO, BRADY of Penn-sylvania, PETERS, COSTA, Ms. KAP-TUR, Mr. AGUILAR, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. RASKIN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. WALDEN, CALVERT, and CARTER of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to fix convening time was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
STEM RESEARCH AND EDUCATION EFFECTIVENESS AND TRANS-PARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4375) to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain Na-tional Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 376, nays 9, not voting 46, as follows: [Roll No. 686] YEAS—376 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.015 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10166 December 18, 2017 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—9 
Amash Biggs Duncan (TN) Gaetz Gohmert Gosar Grothman Harris Massie 
NOT VOTING—46 
Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Capuano Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Collins (NY) Crawford DeSantis Deutch Duffy Duncan (SC) Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Gutie´rrez Higgins (LA) Hudson Katko Kelly (MS) Kennedy Labrador Larson (CT) Lawrence Loudermilk McCollum Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pascrell Pocan Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rosen Rush Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Smith (TX) Speier Tiberi Wagner Walz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1906 Mr. GAETZ changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill provide for a report on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KEEP AMERICA’S REFUGES OPERATIONAL ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3979) to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer services, community part-nership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-tem, and for other purposes, as amend-ed, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 371, nays 14, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 687] YEAS—371 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—14 
Amash Babin Biggs Buck Gaetz Gohmert Grothman Hunter Massie Perry Sanford Weber (TX) Williams Yoho 
NOT VOTING—46 
Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Bucshon Capuano Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Collins (NY) Crawford DeSantis Deutch Duffy Duncan (SC) Gonzalez (TX) Gutie´rrez Higgins (LA) Hudson Katko Kennedy Labrador Larson (CT) Lawrence Loudermilk McCollum Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pascrell Pocan Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rosen Rush Sa´nchez Scalise Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Smith (TX) Speier Tiberi Wagner Walz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1914 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO VOTE ON A SOLUTION FOR DREAMERS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.014 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10167 December 18, 2017 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, there are very few legislative days left this calendar year, and the House has yet to debate and vote on the Dream Act or any legislative proposal that would shield our DREAMers from de-portation. The administration created an arbi-trary deadline of March 5 before the DACA program begins to phase out. However, Mr. Speaker, we cannot, we should not, and we must not wait until the very last minute to take action. Every day that goes by, DREAMers are losing protections; they can’t get that job they so desperately need; and they can’t apply to the school that they want. Simply put, their lives have been put on hold. Mr. Speaker, Members have seen me come to the floor time after time to advocate for these hardworking, young Americans because I wholeheartedly believe that we need to get this done rapidly. The American people agree, and many of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle agree. So I urge each one of my colleagues to look at the ideals of compassion and opportunity that have long character-ized our generous and great country and allow a vote to help our DREAM-ers. The time for Congress to take ac-tion is now. 
f 
HONORING U.S. ARMY COLONEL JOSEPH TOPPIN’S 100TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Joseph Toppin of Edison, New Jersey, on the occasion of his 100th birthday. Colonel Toppin entered the military in 1948, the same year that a wavering President named Harry Truman finally prohibited racial discrimination in the Armed Forces. Colonel Toppin rose to become the first African American to serve as battalion commander for the Army’s 40th Infantry Division. The colonel has dedicated his life to improving the quality of our democ-racy and making the world a safer place. He helped with postwar planning for the development of Korea. He also was the principal planner for the Army’s ship-to-shore discharge oper-ations along the west coast of France. And Colonel Toppin was the inspector general for Fort Dix in New Jersey. Upon leaving the Army, he had an il-lustrious career at Bethlehem Steel Corporation. Colonel Toppin is now retired, but he has still not stopped inspiring those around him, which is why I stand here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring Colonel Toppin on his 100th birthday and for his service to the United States of America. DISAPPEARANCE OF RHINOS AND ELEPHANTS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, wild-life trafficking is a much larger prob-lem than many realize. This illegal ac-tivity is connected to two major con-cerns: one, extinction of species; and, two, the funding of terrorist organiza-tions. Rhinos are killed for their horns, and elephants are killed for their tusks. The handful of rhinos in Africa are al-most extinct, and 100 African elephants are killed by ivory poachers a day. Illegal wildlife trade serves as a source of cash flow for thugs like ter-rorists and international criminal or-ganizations. They fund many of their deadly activities by poaching animals and then selling the parts internation-ally. Adding to the problem is the fact that some foreign authorities are cor-rupt and complicit in trafficking. All nations must take an aggressive stand to prevent this trafficking. This starts with the stopping of the illegal transport of ivory and rhino horns. The nations of the world must tight-en the screws against those who par-ticipate in this destruction of wildlife; otherwise, the only place our kids will see rhinos and elephants is on the Dis-ney Channel. And that is just the way it is. f 
AMTRAK CASCADES ACCIDENT (Mr. HECK asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, no Member of this body ever wants to come to this dais and say what I am about to say. This morning, a train derailed as it crossed Interstate 5 near DuPont, Washington, in the heart of my dis-trict, sending railcars to the roadway below. Lives were lost and families were shattered. Loved ones are severely in-jured, including a family member of one of my staffers. All this, of course, right in the middle of the holiday sea-son. Right now, many questions beg for answers. We need to determine what went wrong, and the NTSB will be in-vestigating. But, for now, I am grateful for our first responders and the com-munity for stepping up. So many set aside their grief and reported for duty, including many first responders who came in on their day off. Our hearts go out to the families im-pacted by this horrific tragedy, and we ask for everyone’s prayers for the vic-tims to continue to recover. 
f 
IMPROVE QUALITY OF LIFE FOR END-STAGE RENAL DISEASE PA-TIENTS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a cosponsor and supporter of the bipartisan Dialysis PATIENTS Demonstration Act, which provides better care for patients who are suf-fering from end-stage renal disease, also known as kidney failure. Currently, there are about 9,000 Min-nesotans who suffer from end-stage renal disease. Many of these patients spend hours and hours enduring mul-tiple hospital visits each and every week to treat this disease; and, on top of that, they oftentimes also have to travel to a different location to get treatment for other health conditions they may have as well. This legislation will allow dialysis centers to provide integrated care for patients by bringing in providers so that people can receive comprehensive treatments all in the same place. These patients will also be able to see addi-tional benefits, like transportation services, dental care, and vision care. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this bill so we can improve the quality of life for this vulnerable patient population by co-ordinating the care system and making it easier for them to receive their treatments. f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, tomorrow, the Members of the House will cast a vote on the tax con-ference committee report, the final version of the Republican tax plan. The Republican leadership rushed this bill to the finish line at the ex-pense of small-business owners and working families. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ As a former small-business owner, I understand firsthand the importance of tax simplification. Unfortunately, this bill does the opposite: it complicates our Tax Code while giving companies fewer than 2 weeks to adjust before it goes into effect. This creates serious uncertainty for small-business owners who create jobs and invest in our com-munities. I support reforming our Tax Code, but I ask my colleagues to stop rushing this process and to put working fami-lies first. There is simply too much at stake. We can simplify our tax system with-out exploding the national debt and spiking healthcare premiums. For the sake of our economy and our future, we need to kill this bill. 
f 
NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.044 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10168 December 18, 2017 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today marks 50 years since President Lyndon B. Johnson signed a bill into law officially estab-lishing the National Park Foundation. The National Park Foundation works to enrich America’s national parks and programs, safeguard our heritage, and engage the next generation of national park enthusiasts. Celebrating 50 years, the National Park Foundation is the official charity of America’s national parks and non-profit partner to the National Park Service. Chartered by Congress in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises pri-vate funds to help protect more than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and preservation efforts. It works to connect all Ameri-cans with their incomparable natural landscapes, vibrant culture, and rich history. And, the National Park Foun-dation helps to engage the next genera-tion of park stewards. In 2016, we proudly commemorated the National Park Service’s 100th anni-versary. The National Park Founda-tion launched the Centennial Cam-paign for America’s national parks, a comprehensive effort to strengthen and enhance the future of our parks. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly thank the National Park Foundation for all that it does to support our national treasures for another 100 years. Congratulations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN ANDERSON (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished career of John Anderson of Kia Motors. John is retiring at the end of this year, after 33 years in the auto industry. From General Motors, to Delphi, to Kia, John has seen the ups and downs of the auto industry and has more than earned his retirement. But, this is a bittersweet moment for many of us in my hometown of West Point, Georgia. Kia opened a Washington office in conjunction with opening its manufac-turing plant in 2010. The plant opened when I was mayor and Sonny Perdue was Governor. John was on the job then and has been there every day as the head of Washington’s office since it opened. From the beginning of his career at Disney’s Epcot Center, when he was the General Motors guy explaining the future of the industry, to his current role at Kia, John has made the auto-motive industry better; and he has done it with a remarkable touch of hu-manity and friendship along the way. John has been a great advocate for my hometown, for my district, and for the industry of Kia that now calls it home. As he moves into retirement with his wife, Joanna, as they get to spend a little time together, we wish him well in his retirement. RECOGNIZING DR. LESTER B. JOHNSON, JR. (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the life of Dr. Lester Johnson, Jr., who passed away on November 29, 2017, at 91 years of age. Dr. Johnson’s work to provide a high-quality education to all students in Savannah, Georgia, has truly made our community a better place to live. His teaching career spanned 43 years, with 20 of those years teaching at Al-fred E. Beach High School, a place where he was a student himself. Dr. Johnson passionately taught industrial arts and mathematics classes, and he received the Beach High School Teach-er of the Year Award in 1961. In 1969, Dr. Johnson began to teach students at Savannah State Univer-sity, where he later received the uni-versity’s Distinguished Teaching Award in 1991. Dr. Johnson’s accomplishments don’t stop with education. A few of his many accomplishments include being a former State representative and the first African-American Eagle Scout in Savannah. Dr. Lester Johnson’s students leave his legacy throughout the First Con-gressional District and the rest of our Nation. He will truly be missed. f 
WREATHS ACROSS AMERICA (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Wreaths Across America Day, a tribute held an-nually to honor and remember those servicemembers who made the ulti-mate sacrifice in service to our great Nation. Since Congress designated Wreaths Across America a national day of re-membrance in 2007, Americans have joined together at Arlington National Cemetery and in their local commu-nities to honor our veterans who have passed on. This year, more than 1 million wreaths were laid at over 1,300 ceme-teries throughout the country. 245,000 wreaths were placed by thousands of volunteers at Arlington National Cem-etery. On Saturday, in a virtual blizzard, I had the distinct honor of joining the Rome-Utica Chapter of the Military Of-ficers Association; the Navy ROTC stu-dents from Proctor High School in Utica, New York; and members of the Marine Corps League at Saint Peter’s Church in Rome, New York. As we laid wreaths on the graves of our fallen servicemen and -women, we took a moment to say each veteran’s name, to remember each individual’s life of service, sacrifice, and the fami-lies they left behind. Divided by distance but not by spirit, on Saturday, millions of Americans came together in a common mission to honor and remember our fallen heroes. f 
b1930 CONGRATULATING SHASTA HIGH SCHOOL WOLVES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to offer a hearty congratula-tions to the Shasta High School Wolves of Redding, California, for their foot-ball championship this year. They won the north section. They won the North-ern California Championship and made their first ever visit to the California State Championship, where they played down in southern California over the weekend. Though they came up a little bit short, they did have an early lead in that game after all that travel. So, in-deed, congratulations to that program at Shasta High School and to the Wolves of Redding, California. It is teamwork that really makes this happen, and that is exemplified by the north State’s leading rusher, Vince Smith, when he was quoted: ‘‘The thing that was different about this season was that we actually really cared about each other and we were family. Every play, we’d use our hearts and fight for each other.’’ That is teamwork. That is the spirit. Congratulations, Shasta High School Wolves. 
f 
TAX BILL IMPACTING VETERANS AND ACTIVE-DUTY MILITARY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, wherever I go throughout my district and speak to an audience, I always ac-knowledge the veterans and Active- Duty military. I think that is one uni-fying factor for this Congress and for this Nation. Today, the President offered a na-tional security strategy. During his first 12 months, that strategy has been haphazard and lacking understanding. All of us, however, want to have a strong military, strong military fami-lies, and strong resources for our Ac-tive Duty and our veterans. It is sad, however, that in the next 2 days we will be voting on a tax bill that will take $2.3 trillion out of our budget and create a debt. It will raid Medicare and Medicaid, impacting some of those very soldiers and vet-erans’ families. As well, in this new bill, the top 1 percent will get 83 per-cent of this tax bill. Isn’t it interesting, if you are a fam-ily of four making $59,000, there will be $1,800 not given to you but taken away? We can’t have it all, Mr. Speaker. We can’t have a strong strategy, of which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.046 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10169 December 18, 2017 
there was none today, by taking $2.3 trillion away from the men and women of this Nation. 
f 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to be on the floor tonight with my colleagues on the Republican and Dem-ocrat side as we pay tribute and honor to the great State of Illinois on the an-niversary of our bicentennial. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night with my colleagues in recogni-tion of our home, the great State of Il-linois. It has been the highest honor of my life to serve our State as a Member of Congress, and I am sure it is for the other speakers that we will have here tonight. 2018 represents something special for us and for every Illinoisan. It is our 200th anniversary of statehood. It was December 3, 1818, that Illinois was ad-mitted into the United States. Today I wish to recognize and honor all that Il-linois has offered our great Nation. Illinois’ path to statehood began in the 17th century, with Europeans first settling the territory that had been home to many Native American Indian Tribes. The territory would exchange hands several times over the following century, eventually ending up as part of the Northwest Territory after the Revolutionary War. Only a few short years later, Congress would finally agree on its borders and name Illinois the 21st State in the Union. At that time, I am sure few expected that the largely unsettled area of land would go on to house the third largest city in our country with over 2.7 mil-lion residents, or produce agriculture goods that would feed people all over the globe. That these things came to pass is a testament to the hard work and determination of the people of Illi-nois. That is why the theme for this year’s bicentennial celebration is ‘‘Born, Built, and Grown’’—again, ‘‘Born, Built, and Grown’’—a chance to high-light not just the many goods and serv-ices our State offers, but also the many great Americans born and raised in Illi-nois, who have gone on to shape the world we live in. I am proud to represent Illinois’ 18th Congressional District, a district made up of 19 counties in central and west central Illinois, including parts of Peo-ria; Bloomington-Normal; Springfield, our State capital; Jacksonville; Quin-cy; Macomb; and all places in between. My district borders Missouri and Iowa along the Mississippi River, on the western part. It is a district with no shortage of great accomplishments and history. In fact, who knows where our entire Na-tion would be without the leadership of one Abraham Lincoln, a lawyer from Springfield, who represented nine of the counties in my current district. During his one term in the United States House of Representatives, he served from 1847 to 1849. People forget that he was Congressman Abraham Lincoln before he was President Abra-ham Lincoln. Lincoln would spend most of his life in Springfield, Illinois, as a lawyer; and also in Menard Coun-ty, working in the post office there. He would also take river boats down the Sangamon River of the Illinois River, down to New Orleans. Returning to Springfield to practice law in between his sole term in the House and running for President in 1860, during his administration, Amer-ica would weather a bloody Civil War but come out having rooted out the evil of slavery. While he would die in office, Lincoln’s leadership is why he continues to be named our greatest President. He earned the nickname ‘‘Honest Abe.’’ Illinois would continue to play a role in the abolishment of slavery when it became the first State to ratify the 13th Amendment in 1865. While he would die in office, Lincoln’s leadership is why he continues to be our greatest President today. Over a century later, another man with ties to Illinois would be sworn in as President: President Ronald Reagan from Illinois. He is the only President who was born and raised in Illinois. President Reagan would go on being the Governor of California—from the Governor of California to the Presi-dency in 1981. Born in Tampico, Illinois, Ronald Reagan spent his formative years grow-ing up in Illinois. His father was a trav-eling salesman. They lived in Mon-mouth, in Galesburg, in Dixon, in Chi-cago for a short time, and also in Tam-pico. Of course, Ronald Reagan got a scholarship to play football at Eureka College in Woodford County, in my dis-trict. He was a student there, played football, and graduated from there. His time as President and Governor was defined by optimism and a faith in the American spirit and a way of life, a faith that was instilled during his formative years at Eureka and growing up in Illinois. Like Lincoln, his leader-ship during tough times remains a point of pride for not only Illinois, but for the entire Nation. Outside of politics, our congressional district is home to other famous Illi-noisans who all called central Illinois home, including: the venerable Arch-bishop Fulton Sheen of the Catholic faith, future Major League Baseball Hall of Famer Jim Thome of Bartonville, two-time NBA champion Shaun Livingston from Peoria, former Major League Baseball manager and World Series champion Joe Girardi, and even the late comedian Richard Pryor. Just imagine where America’s sports and entertainment industries would be without their talents. Despite Chicago being our Nation’s third largest city and serving as a hub for many great industries, the largest sector of our economy remains agri-culture. Last year, Illinois was the sixth largest producer of agriculture in the Nation, producing over $8 billion worth of agriculture exports. Our dis-trict was no slouch, coming in as the eighth largest congressional district in the country in terms of agriculture production, proving once more that our State has some of the most fertile farmland in the entire world. Illinois farmers continue to grow soybeans, corn, and much more that keep Amer-ica’s economy growing and plates all over the globe full. My district also has the distinction that 96 percent of the pumpkins pro-duced in the world come from central Illinois, within a 100-mile radius of Pe-oria, and we are proud of that. So the next time you have a pumpkin latte or a pumpkin beer or pumpkin pie, it originated somewhere in central Illi-nois. Our State’s ties to agriculture don’t just end there, but they also include several companies that are worldwide leaders in farming equipment and Earth-moving products. Whether it is John Deere or Caterpillar, just to name a few, they are known across the globe as producers of the finest construction, farming, and Earth-moving machines out there. The Archer Daniels Midland Com-pany, or ADM, is another Illinois agri-culture institution with strong ties to Illinois’ 18th District. Formerly headquartered in Decatur, the global agricultural giant is now headquartered in Chicago, operating more than 270 plants and 420 crop pro-curement facilities worldwide. This is where cereal grains and oilseeds are produced. So not only is Illinois leading the way in growing crops, but also in turn-ing them into products that show up in grocery stores across our country and across the globe. Finally, we cannot conclude without noting the presence of Forbes’ 33rd ranked business in the country: State Farm Insurance in Bloomington-Nor-mal. The insurance giant has been pro-viding insurance coverage and finan-cial services for 95 years and is headquartered in my district in Bloom-ington, Illinois. Our ‘‘local good neigh-bor,’’ State Farm, brings not only peace of mind to millions of Americans as they buy or rent a home or an auto-mobile, but they also assist in planning for the future. I couldn’t be prouder to be here to-night with my colleagues. Those are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.048 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10170 December 18, 2017 
some of the ways that Illinois’ 18th District has contributed to the State’s story and how it will keep Illinois at the forefront of our Nation and global economy. Now I would like to recognize a num-ber of my colleagues that are here to-night. I yield to the gentleman from southern Illinois (Mr. B
OST), my col-league. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Peoria, Illinois, for hosting this Special Order on the State’s bicentennial year. You know, Illinois is a State of threes. You know, we had three State capitals: Kaskaskia, Vandalia, and Springfield. We have three State seals. A lot of people don’t know that. If you know Illinois well, you know that there is three distinct parts of Illi-nois involved. Whether you are in poli-tics or business, it is always referred to as Cook County, the Collar counties, and southern Illinois. In southern Illi-nois, we like to capitalize the ‘‘S’’ on ‘‘southern.’’ There is one other thing that is in threes. If you listen to the Illinois song, three people are mentioned: Lin-coln, Grant, and Logan. Now, the reason why I bring those up is because, tied with southern Illinois and Illinois’ 12th Congressional Dis-trict—the district that is the most southern and most western of the State of Illinois, which I am proud to rep-resent—actually was and had the first State capital. Also, it has John A. Logan in that mentioning of those three names. John A. Logan, if you heard that name before, if you are in D.C., there are many things that are named after Logan, including ‘‘Logan Circle.’’ Logan was actually the gentleman who was laid in state—the eighth person laid in state here in this Capitol, and that was because he had established himself from deep southern Illinois. As a matter of fact, his hometown was— my hometown was his farm, which was subdivided to make that hometown. b1945 As a matter of fact, the deed in ab-stract of the home that I was born and raised in and the house that I later bought from my parents and raised my children for the first 10 years of my marriage in that home, my great- grandmother actually bought that property from his father. John Logan established himself, which is really wild, and he actually was such a large part of Illinois his-tory. He first ran as a Democrat; he was a district attorney. He then be-came a State representative, then a State senator, then went on to be a Member of the U.S. Congress and later a U.S. Senator. It was during the time of the Civil War, when the Civil War broke out, that there were questions on what would happen, because deep southern Illinois was split during the war, though stayed united as a State. John Logan came back and led troops for the North. What is really wild is after becoming a field grade general and a decorated war general, he came back to southern Illinois, then went back into politics as a Republican, and stayed a U.S. Senator but as a Repub-lican and was part of the reconstruc-tionists. The amazing thing about John Logan is that he actually ran for vice presi-dent. They lost, he and Blaine. He then was running for president and gave a long speech, actually, in the gentle-man’s hometown who is hosting this tonight, for about 8 hours in the rain, got on a train, came back to the cap-ital here, and passed away with pneu-monia. Another great thing that happened in deep southern Illinois in the Illinois 12th is the Lincoln-Douglas debates. I am blessed to have the only district in the State of Illinois that has two Lin-coln-Douglas debate sites. I am being questioned here that maybe there is one other. Jonesboro, September 15, 1858; Alton, October 15, 1858. Very proud of that. And, you know, these two went on after Douglas wins as Senator, but then Lincoln ends up winning the Presi-dency. There are several other things, but one other thing about deep southern Il-linois, look, many people don’t realize that deep southern Illinois has the smallest national forest in the Nation. The Shawnee National Forest is lo-cated in J
OHN SHIMKUS ’ and my dis-trict. We share it. It is truly a beau-tiful part of Illinois, wonderful rolling hills, deep forests, much good there. Also the Illinois 12th has Murphysboro, my hometown, which is the barbecue capital of Illinois. We have teams that have won as many as four grand championships and went on to create businesses all over this Na-tion in that business and in the bar-becue business, and we are very proud of that. I would argue that maybe it is the barbecue capital of the world. There may be others that would argue different with that. How many of you, as children, re-member the cartoon ‘‘Popeye’’, who came from Chester, Illinois, in the Illi-nois 12th? I am sure many of the other people who speak here tonight, Mr. Speaker, are also proud of their home districts in the State of Illinois, and should be, because I am going to tell you, whether it is from Cairo, to Galena, to Chicago, to Mulkeytown, from Danville, to East St. Louis, the State of Illinois is a great State. We love it. We have good things and bad things that happen, but it has been a great State that has helped this Nation, pro-vided great leaders, provided great peo-ple involved in all kinds of fields throughout this Nation and this world. I have no reservations in saying, and I am sure others would say this about theirs, but I am so blessed, because I live in the most beautiful part of Illi-nois, the most beautiful part of Illinois where it starts out as the flatlands, what is commonly known as the prai-ries of Illinois up around St. Louis and Alton, and it comes south. When you get down to my area, it turns into roll-ing hills, rolling hills that produce peaches and apples and grapes, the beautiful wineries, areas of tourism, the land between the lakes, the land known as Little Egypt, and I am so privileged to be able to represent that part of the State of Illinois. Now, Mr. Speaker, I know we are going to have a lot of other speakers tonight, but I do want to tell you that Illinois, as I said, has had good times and bad times, but there are a whole lot more good times to come. It is a great place to live, it is a great place to raise your children, and I thank God that I had the opportunity to be born and raised there. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. B
OST for his comments here to-night. I appreciate it very much. Mr. Speaker, next I want to yield to and recognize the Congresswoman from Matteson, Illinois, R
OBIN KELLY , who we are so glad found her way from New York to Bradley University as a stu-dent in Peoria, Illinois, and has served our State well in the State legislature and throughout government there. We are happy to have her here tonight. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman L
AHOODfor yield-ing and for organizing tonight’s Special Order about our great State, Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I am Illinois proud, and I rise today to celebrate our State’s upcoming 200th birthday. As you know, Mr. Speaker, I am priv-ileged to represent Illinois’ Second Congressional District—in my opinion, the best district in the entire country. This community starts at 53rd and Cor-nell around the Museum of Science and Industry, it then reaches south to in-clude many suburbs in Cook and Will Counties. It stretches all the way to the border of Indiana and the border between Kankakee and Iroquois Coun-ties, to include some of our Nation’s most productive family farms. While I am humbled and honored to represent the remarkable people and families of Illinois’ Second District, as you have heard, I first moved to Peoria to attend Bradley University. While at Bradley, I joined the Zeta Phi chapter of Sigma Gamma Rho and completed my BA in psychology and my MA in counseling. I am proud to have been a Bradley University trust-ee, since 2003, and to continue to be a part of this amazing institution that is preparing the next generation of lead-ers. I lived in Peoria until 1992, when I moved to Matteson, Illinois, my cur-rent home in the great Second Congres-sional District, to become the village’s director of community affairs. In 2002, I was elected to the Illinois General Assembly, where I first met many of my current colleagues in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.049 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10171 December 18, 2017 
Illinois delegation while serving to-gether in Springfield. At the time, I also served with the State senator who would eventually go on to become President of the United States, Barack Obama. As someone who has been privileged to live throughout Illinois and travel it extensively while working as a chief of staff to the State treasurer, I couldn’t be more proud to represent this great State and the great people who will call it home, especially those who call the Second District home. The Second District is truly a micro-cosm of Illinois and the entire U.S. It is urban, suburban, and rural. It in-cludes parts of the city of Chicago and more than 1,200 farms. In the Second District, Nucor makes American steel and our Ford facility makes American cars. We grow corn, soybeans, and raise American pork. We have local breweries and giants like Amazon, alongside world-class bike trails, scenic vistas, and the historic Pullman neighborhood, and we will soon be home to the new Obama Presi-dential Library and Museum. Mr. Speaker, the Second District is home to many universities and Blue 1647, a tech incubator, that are training the next generation of businesses, tech, and innovation leaders. Our small, medium-sized, and family businesses like Pullman Cafe, K&S Tire, SA Piggush Financial Consult-ants, South Creek Animal Hospital, Two Whisks Bakery, Homewood Bat, and Affordable Flooring By Rodrigo drive forward our regional economy and create local jobs for Illinois fami-lies. Our farms, like Van Drunen Farms and FutureCeuticals, feed people in more than 70 countries around the world, and our manufacturers, includ-ing Crown Cork and Seal, Best Dia-mond Plastics, and Chicago Heights Steel continue the proud tradition of Make It In America. While we are proud to build and grow products used around the State, coun-try, and globe, you might be surprised to learn that many of the things you buy every day cross through the Sec-ond District. For generations, Chicago has been the crossroads of America, a hub for transcontinental and global commerce, and the Second District is the beating heart of that transpor-tation infrastructure that creates good-paying American jobs. The Second District is also home to a vibrant faith community that is com-mitted to serving their community by putting their faith into action. Leaders in these movements have their houses of worship in the Second or they serve many people in the Second: Reverend Dr. James Hunt of New Hope Christian Community Church; Rami Nashashibi, executive director of the Inner-City Muslim Action Network and a recent MacArthur Foundation Fellow; Rabbi Ellen Dreyfus, B’nai Yehuda Beth Sho-lom; Father Mike Pfleger, a tireless champion to end gun violence; Pastor Andrew Singleton from Victory Apos-tolic; Apostle Ron from Full Gospel Christian Assembly. Our local nonprofits are helping to create a better, fairer, and more just world, organizations like Chicago Fam-ily Health Center; Aunt Martha’s; Pol-ished Pebbles; Alliance of the South-east; the Dovetail Project; Centro de Trabajadores Unidos; and Kids Off The Block, which provides at-risk young people with positive alternatives. In the Second District, our young people are active and engaged. They are dedicated to being a force for posi-tive change in their communities, in our country, and in their world. In the face of any darkness, they stand proud and allow their personal life to shine through circumstance. Now, we have had a few famous peo-ple coming through the Second also: Quinn Buckner, the basketball player; Shonda Rhimes, famous from ‘‘Scan-dal,’’ ‘‘Grey’s Anatomy,’’ and ‘‘How to Get Away With Murder;’’ Eddy Curry, basketball; Tom Dreesen; Mary Matalin, who worked for Dick Cheney; and Mike Tomczak, who was a player for the Bears. So, yes, Mr. Speaker, I am Illinois proud. As we, the congressional delega-tion of families throughout the State, celebrate our 200th birthday over the next year, we are focusing on what makes Illinois great, things that I have discussed and you will hear tonight. Illinois greatness is born, it is built, it is grown, and we are proud of it. Happy birthday, Illinois. Here is to 200 more years of growth, innovation, and leadership. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman L
AHOODfor yielding. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman K
ELLY very much for those inspiring words about Illinois. I appreciate it very much. Mr. Speaker, next I yield to Con-gressman R
ANDY HULTGREN from Plano. Congressman H
ULTGREN served in our Illinois State senate. He is a proud Illinoisan, he serves our Nation very well. I yield to him now for a few comments. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am grateful to Congressman L
AHOOD for hosting this, pulling this together, and it really is a great beginning of an an-ticipation of celebration for the next year’s bicentennial of the statehood of my home, Illinois. Tonight, we are mentioning just a few things that make Illinois such a great State, and I look forward to con-tinuing to highlight many more impor-tant facts, figures, stories, and pieces of history about the Prairie State and, more specifically, about the 14th Con-gressional District throughout 2018, all the way up until our 200th birthday on December 3, 2018. Illinois is the breadbasket that feeds the Nation and the world. Our State enjoys a global city with world class transportation hubs and small towns filled with the hardworking Americans who make this country what it is. The suburbs of Chicago, where I grew up, are opportunity-filled and family friendly. I was born in Illinois, grew up in Illi-nois, and am proud to be raising my family in Illinois. By the way, for the record, just to set it clear, it is Illinois, not Illi-noise—phonetic—so we just make sure that is out there. I am so proud to represent the 14th Congressional District, the Fox River Valley, the Chain O’Lakes, and so many dozens and dozens of wonderful small- and medium-sized towns that, again, are the heartbeat of Illinois and the heartbeat of this Nation. Tonight, I also would like to take a moment, as has already been done, to highlight a special giant that hovers over our State, Honest Abe himself. As a history buff, especially Illinois history, I cannot emphasize enough the impact that Abraham Lincoln has had on our State and also on our Nation and our world. While he wasn’t born in Illinois, his formative years were spent there, and no doubt our State helped shape his vi-sion for what America was meant to be. His moral leadership, his persistent fight against the evils of slavery, his ability to bring diverse coalitions of people to unify the country, all this and more is why we have proudly called Illinois the land of Lincoln. So, again, it is a great honor and privilege for me to be able to be with my great colleagues, bipartisan, cele-brating our State that we are so proud of, and we are looking forward to these next 12 months of ongoing celebration of the great State of Illinois. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
ULTGREN for those im-portant words and comments about our great State. Mr. Speaker, I yield to and recognize Congresswoman C
HERI BUSTOS , who represents the 17th District of Illinois. We share Peoria, Illinois, together in our district. Mrs. B
USTOS was born and raised in Springfield, currently lives in the Quad Cities in East Moline. I yield to the gentlewoman tonight for some comments. b2000 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman L
AHOODfor putting this together as we celebrate the 200th birthday of our great State of Illinois. The congressional district I serve stretches from Rockford to the north; the western border is the Mississippi River; and then we go into central Illi-nois, as Congressman L
AHOODsaid, to the city of Peoria. I am very proud to be able to share that city with Con-gressman L
AHOOD. My congressional district also rep-resents the Quad Cities, which is where I call home. So in between all of these towns is 7,000 square miles of scenic farmland and vibrant towns like Mon-mouth and Canton and Thomson. We are a proud region with a proud history of manufacturing, agriculture, and service to our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.052 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10172 December 18, 2017 
Let me tell you a little bit about the congressional district I serve. We are the home to John Deere in Moline, the birthplace of Caterpillar in Peoria, and home of the iconic Sock Monkey, which was created in Rockford, Illi-nois. I kid you not. In Rockford, we hosted the Nation’s very first National Football League game at Douglas Park, where the Rock Island Independents defeated the St. Paul Ideals 48–0, a real romping. More than 40 years before the world also fell in love with them through a movie called ‘‘A League of Their Own,’’ the Rockford Peaches were the four- time champions of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League— also, I kid you not. This is amazing his-tory. I want to mention a few athletes as well. Jim Thome, Congressman L
AHOOD knows him. He was the five- time all-star who played for eight dif-ferent major league teams. He also came from the city of Peoria, and my brother was very close with him. My brother, my late brother, was a base-ball coach at Eastern Illinois Univer-sity and Southern Illinois University, and he was good friends with Jim Thome. We have also had several other bril-liant performers come out of our re-gion. Comedian Richard Pryor was born and grew up in Peoria. The town of Aledo in Mercer County is the home-town of two country megastars: Suzy Bogguss and Margo Price. And we even have a member of Destiny’s Child, Michelle Williams, who came from Rockford. So we are a proud people. We also are very proud of our agricul-tural heritage. Our region is one of the top corn producers in the country. We have corn and soybean farms all across Illinois that have been worked by gen-erations of farm families. And they even go through the rolling hills of the Driftless Area in the Galena Territory. What the Driftless Area means is that this is a gorgeous stretch of land where the last ice age actually didn’t flatten, and so we have wonderful farmland in that region as well. A little bit to the east of the Galena Territory, we have a town called Free-port, which is also known as Pretzel City, USA, and it is home to the Union Dairy, which recently celebrated its centennial birthday. Our region has played a pivotal role not just in our State’s history, but also in our Nation’s history. Senator Ever-ett Dirksen, a Senate office building right down the road here is named after Senator Dirksen. He came from Pekin, Illinois, which is in my congres-sional district. If you don’t know the history of Everett Dirksen, he was ac-tually one of the authors of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1968. Let’s go to where I live, Rock Island County. It was the location of the very first railroad bridge over the Mis-sissippi River, built in 1856. And since we are all getting into this Abraham Lincoln part of our State’s history, Abraham Lincoln was the attorney for the bridge company that I just men-tioned. Then, 2 years after that bridge was built, our region was the host—I know Congressman BOSTsaid that his district was the only district that had two Lincoln-Douglas debates. Well, there is actually another congressional district that had two debates. One was in Freeport in 1858, in August of that year, and then another was in Gales-burg in October of 1858. So, in fact, President Lincoln’s con-gressional district—I know Congress-man D
AVIS is going to lay real claim to Congressman Lincoln, but he also— let’s see. Congressman D
AVIS had part of his district; Congressman L
AHOOD had part of his district; and he also rep-resented Tazewell County, which is part of my congressional district. Another legend of the Civil War, Ulysses S. Grant, made his home in Ga-lena, Illinois, and his Presidential cam-paign headquarters was in a place called the DeSoto House, which is a hotel today in downtown Galena. It is a place where my husband and I like to stay when we visit Galena. During the Civil War, Rock Island was used as a Union prison camp before it was converted into the Rock Island Arsenal, where, today, it is the Army’s only active foundry. The hardworking men and women of the Rock Island Ar-senal have produced munitions for every single one of our conflicts and our wars dating back to the Civil War. Mr. Speaker, the people of the north-western and central and western part of Illinois have always had a special connection to the veterans who have served in our country. There is one par-ticular street, the last point I want to make talking about my congressional district that I am lucky enough to serve, and its place in history over the last 200 years, but we are very, very proud of the street that we call Hero Street in Silvis, Illinois. It is a 1
1⁄2- block street, and there is no street of that similar size that has had more men and women serve in the military than Hero Street USA in Silvis, Illi-nois. More than 100 people have come from that street of a block and a half long to serve in the military, and 8 of them, all Mexican Americans, made the ultimate sacrifice during World War II and the Korean war. Hero Street has long been a source of pride for the congressional district that I am lucky enough to serve, and I am proud to mention them as part of this Special Order tonight. Mr. Speaker, I know all of us from this great State of Illinois who are speaking tonight are only scratching the surface about how important our region of the State is to our State’s history. I am very proud to be part of this. I thank Congressman L
AHOOD for putting this together so we can talk about the bicentennial of the State of Illinois. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman B
USTOS for her valu-able comments and advocacy for the State of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield to a colleague from Taylorville, Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  D
AVIS), somebody who serves a district just to the south of me. We share Springfield together. He represents some of the best institutions of higher learning in our State, and I am proud to share many of the Lincoln sites with my friend. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Con-gressman L
AHOOD, and all my good friends from the Illinois delegation who are here today. This is really a privilege for me to be able to be here to talk about Illinois’ 200th anniversary. It is my home State. It wasn’t always my home State. As a matter of fact, my family moved us from our hometown of Des Moines, Iowa, to Taylorville, Illinois, when I was 7 years old, in 1977. Taylorville was a new experience for me, but it was a home that we estab-lished. My parents were able to achieve their dream of owning their own busi-ness, which gave my family the chance to achieve the American Dream, and it was right here in Illinois. It was in our home State that celebrates our 200th anniversary. Taylorville is the place where my wife grew up, and it is where we choose to raise our three children. But it is also my proud hometown, and I love to talk about it because it is where I grew up, but it is also where so many things have happened. Because I have taken this job as a Member of Congress, this opportunity, I have learned a lot more about my hometown. A couple of highlights that I want to bring out: one, of course, was Taylorville’s basketball team from the 1940s still holds the IHSA record. I be-lieve they were 45–0, with big-name players like Johnny Orr and Ron Bontemps. Edward Mills Purcell was born in Taylorville and raised in Taylorville. He actually was the Nobel Peace Prize winner in physics. He actually created nuclear magnetic resonance, which is the backbone of what we know today as an MRI. It came out of my home-town in Taylorville, Illinois. I am so honored that, since 2013, I have been blessed to be able to walk this floor and serve the 13th Congres-sional District with these great col-leagues from our home State. The 13th Congressional District goes way be-yond my hometown of Taylorville. It stretches in 14 counties, and one area that I know that has been talked about tonight is Springfield, the State cap-ital, Lincoln’s hometown. I have got to give it to my colleague, Mr. L
AHOOD. Yes, he represents more geography that Lincoln represented in his one term here in Congress, and Mrs. B
USTOS represents part of Lincoln’s old district. I understand that. But as somebody who represents Lincoln him-self in Lincoln’s tomb, I think I rep-resent Lincoln the most. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.054 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10173 December 18, 2017 
What this tells you, this friendly ri-valry that we three have, it goes to show you that, in one term in Congress and then his time as the President of our great Nation, Abraham Lincoln took three Members of Congress to fol-low in his footsteps in his one district. There is no way any of us in this insti-tution can follow in the footsteps of Abraham Lincoln, but it is such a privilege to know that we three share such history. And that is exactly why we are here today, to talk about the 200th anniversary of our home State, and we would not be talking about Illi-nois without Abraham Lincoln. There is a story and a statue in my hometown that has Lincoln and a pig. The old stories are that Lincoln came to practice when he was a lawyer and complained about the pig squealing under the steps of our local courthouse. So we in Taylorville honor Abe and his comments on the pig. Come visit, see the statue, and come celebrate Abra-ham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln was a leader that, obviously, our Nation needed at that time. We stand here in the House of Representatives and we debate issues that may seem important today, but, compared to what our great President Abraham Lincoln and the Members of Congress at the time leading up to our Civil War, the issues that they had to discuss and they had to debate, I be-lieve history has shown us that we will never—and, hopefully, never ever—ex-perience what those elected officials did in Lincoln’s time. But it took the courage of Abraham Lincoln to actually keep our Nation to-gether and keep the stability and the growth of the great State of Illinois as part of this United States of America for 200 years. His leadership and ability to unite people is something I strive to do in Congress every day. We certainly have a diverse State, and I want to highlight some of the things that Abraham Lincoln is prob-ably not known for. Abe Lincoln actually was the inspira-tion for landmark legislation that he signed that created the Morrill Land- Grant Acts that gave us land-grant universities, including the greatest land-grant university that I joke with my colleagues about from throughout this great Nation. The greatest land- grant is the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, which I am proud to have in my district. As we move on to talk about impor-tant issues, I cannot leave this floor to-night without talking about the impor-tance of agriculture in our home State of Illinois. This past August, U.S. Sec-retary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue; chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, M
IKE CONAWAY ; and so many Members, including Congressman L
AHOOD, Congresswoman B USTOS , and others, joined me and other members of the House Agriculture Committee for a farm bill listening session at the larg-est outdoor farm event in the country, the Farm Progress Show in Decatur, Il-linois. Just the fact that this show is in Illinois every other year truly high-lights the importance of Illinois agri-culture to the rest of the world. I am proud to be able to serve on the House Agriculture Committee and serve as the chairman of the Sub-committee on Biotechnology, Horti-culture, and Research. And when we talk about agriculture and our ability to feed the world, it stems right from our home State of Illinois. With 72,000 farms and over 2,600 food manufacturers, Illinois is a national leader. We are the leading producer of soybeans, corn, swine, and one of the largest producers of ethanol. As we move ahead into the next farm bill de-bate, I am proud to be able to take Illi-nois’ voice to the House Agriculture Committee with my colleague Con-gressman BOSTand my other colleague Congresswoman B
USTOS . I am proud to represent central Illi-nois and the 13th District here in Washington, and I hope that those who follow us for the next 200 years enjoy legislating in a bipartisan way as much as we do together in the Illinois delega-tion. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman D
AVIS for those wonder-ful words regarding Illinois. I think we can agree there is enough Lincoln his-tory and heritage to go around to all of us. So I thank the gentleman for his advocacy. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Deerfield, Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEI -
DER), who represents many of the northwest suburbs and part of Cook County. b2015 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in hon-oring our home, the great State of Illi-nois, on its bicentennial anniversary of its statehood in 1813. Over the next year, we are cele-brating all that Illinois has contrib-uted to American history, culture, in-novation, and more over the past 200 years. On December 3, 1818, Illinois became the 21st State to join this Union. From humble beginnings with only 34,000 people, today, Illinois is the fifth most populous State, with almost 13 million people. Then a frontier prairie State, Illinois now sits firmly at the center of our national life, playing an indelible role in fueling, building, and trans-porting America’s rise. We are proud of our history as the Land of Lincoln, where, arguably, our greatest U.S. President began his ca-reer, raised his family, and first ran for office. As we have talked about, Abraham Lincoln was not the only President with roots in Illinois. President Grant and President Obama all called Illinois home, and President Reagan was the only President who was actually born in Illinois. Illinois is my home, too, and like those Presidents, I wasn’t born in Illi-nois. I moved to Illinois 35 years ago— hard to believe it has been that long— to attend college at Northwestern Uni-versity, immediately falling in love with this great State. At Northwestern University, I met my wife. She grew up in Glencoe, we settled in Deerfield. We have raised two boys, made our career and our home in Illinois, and, most impor-tantly, made our family in Illinois. Some of the interesting things to share about Illinois: Illinois had the first aquarium built in Chicago in 1893. The very first skyscraper in the entire world was built in Chicago in 1885. The tallest building in North America, for-merly the Sears Tower, now the Willis Tower, is in Chicago. Evanston, home to Northwestern University, is also the home to the ice cream sundae. Illinois has a lot to be proud of, and will continue to be. Illinois has offered me and my family a tremendous oppor-tunity, but now the task before us—the 18 members of the Illinois delegation who stand before you today thank you for organizing this. Our task now is to make sure that Illinois continues to work to create the same and better op-portunities for the next generation. Personally, I am incredibly lucky to represent the 10th District of Illinois, which stretches from the edges of Cook County all the way north along Lake Michigan to the borders of Wisconsin, from the lake all the way west to Fox Lake. It is an incredible district. It is one of the most thoughtful, engaged constituencies in all of Congress. My constituents reach out and talk to me about what matters, what they care about. They freely share their opinions, and I welcome the oppor-tunity to hear what is important, to hear their priorities and values, and I have the greatest privilege in my life to represent them in this great body. What I hear about from my constitu-ents is hope for the future, the belief that Illinois, Chicago, the 10th Dis-trict, is going to lead this Nation. My district is a district that focuses on education because we know that edu-cating every one of our children, from kindergarten all the way through high school, to college and even grad school, to making sure all of our kids have the skills and lessons they need to succeed, is the way we are going to continue to lead in a global economy. When it comes to economy, my dis-trict has the fourth largest concentra-tion of manufacturing jobs of any dis-trict in the entire country. We have in-novation, we have manufacturing, we have transportation, because we know, if we are going to grow our economy, we are going to invent things in Amer-ica, make them in America, and ship them around the world; and Illinois and the 10th District of Illinois is lead-ing the way. Our district has a great focus on the environment. I have the privilege of representing the largest part of Lake Michigan in the Illinois delegation; Lake Michigan that provides fresh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.055 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10174 December 18, 2017 
water to 30 million people. But Illi-noisans know that we need to protect our environment to invest in our fu-ture, to make sure that our children have clean air, fresh water, and a good, healthy future. That all comes out of Illinois. For 200 years, Illinois has been a place where people could achieve the promise of a better future. Looking to the future, we will continue to succeed by offering high-quality education, good, well-paying jobs, and a secure, dignified retirement for all our citi-zens. I am proud to represent this great State. I am proud to have the privilege to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, fighting for the prior-ities and values of Illinois. I am proud of the history our State has provided; of the example we have given not just today, but for 200 years. 2018 is going to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the State of Illinois, but I know that our best days still lie ahead of us. I know that, together, we are going to work to make our future solid and our kids’ opportunities secure. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman S
CHNEIDER for his very complimentary words of his district and the State of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I next yield to the gen-tleman from the Illinois delegation, Congressman R
AJA KRISHNAMOORTHI , one of our newest members whose hometown is Schaumburg, Illinois, but his roots go downstate to Peoria, Illi-nois. We are proud to have him as a Peorian. His parents live in my district as constituents. He has hit the ground running here in Congress and is proud of his Illinois roots both downstate and now representing the suburbs of Chi-cago. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Congressman L
AHOOD for organizing this Special Order. I am so honored to be a part of it. As the Congressman mentioned, my name is R
AJAKRISHNAMOORTHI , a Con-gressman representing the great Eighth District of Illinois, which are the west and northwest suburbs of Chi-cago. I am proud to join my colleagues to-night in celebrating Illinois’ bicenten-nial—the 200th year—of statehood. There is something special in cele-brating the anniversary of Illinois’ entry into the Union, as it was the State which produced the man who would save it. I am proud to be from the Land of Lincoln, but for all of its national and historic importance, my love of our home State is also very personal. I did not have the honor of being born in Il-linois, but it is my home and always will be because our State welcomed my family with open arms, as it has for so many others over the last 200 years. You see, I was born in New Delhi, India, and when I was 3 months old, my parents brought our family to the United States so my father could con-tinue his education and our family could embrace all the opportunities of this great country. It wasn’t easy and there was strug-gle, but my family came to know that the American Dream of building a bet-ter life was possible because the people of Illinois made it so. We had our challenges, but every-thing changed for the better when my father was offered a position as an en-gineering professor in a mysterious place called Peoria, Illinois. They did not know where Peoria, Illinois, was at the time. They unfurled the map, found out where Peoria was, packed the U- Haul in New York State, and started driving and driving and driving. They made it to Peoria, but that was when the golden years in our family started. That is where they educated their two sons in wonderful public schools. That is where they bought their first home. That is where they entered the middle class. Every night, my father would say something at the dinner table along the lines of: Think of the greatness of this country and of Illinois, and make sure that the governments in both places are there for the next families who need it. My father began teaching. My broth-er and I went to school in Peoria, and Peoria became our home. More than three decades have passed. My father is still teaching at Bradley University, and he and my mother still live in the house I grew up in. Though I went away for college, I al-ways knew where I would be when it was time to start my own family. My wife, Priya, and I were married in Illi-nois, and all three of our children are being raised there. It will always be our home, for all the joys of the Cubs’ wins and for all the challenges of its winters. As I look back on the opportunities my family had, that I have had, and that my children will have, I will feel an overwhelming sense of gratitude to Illinois. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman K
RISHNAMOORTHI for those heartfelt words about Illinois. I appreciate those very, very much. Mr. Speaker, next I yield to one of the deans of our delegation from the city of Chicago, a strong advocate for our State and the city, Congressman D
ANNY DAVIS. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank Represent-ative L
AHOOD for organizing this op-portunity for all of us from Illinois to talk about the greatness of our State. We have had on the floor individuals from very different parts of the State, but Illinois has always had a reputa-tion of having one of the most conge-nial delegations in Congress any way you cut it. We have always had that during the time that I have been here, and to be able to talk about the diver-sity. As Representative K
RISHNAMOORTHI  was making his comments, you could hear the emotion in his voice as he talked about how Illinois had wel-comed his family. And that is what Illi-nois has done. It has welcomed individ-uals from all parts of the world. Indi-viduals, large numbers of Puerto Ricans who came from Puerto Rico; Mexican Americans; individuals who were immigrants; African Americans, like myself, who migrated from the rural South. No, I didn’t grow up in Illinois. I wasn’t born in Illinois. As a matter of fact, I was born in Arkansas. Of course, it is the only State in the Bible that Noah looked over his ark and saw. Large numbers of individuals from my State, from Mississippi, from Lou-isiana, from Texas, from Tennessee, from Alabama, and from other places migrated to Illinois, and especially to Chicago. I have the opportunity to represent what I consider to be the most fas-cinating piece of geography in North America that is compressed into a po-litical subdivision. My district begins at Lake Michigan. You can’t go any further east. It abuts the lake. It is downtown Chicago. It is The Loop. It is the Magnificent Mile. It is Water Tower Place. It is the future’s indus-try. It is the big banks. It is home to corporate America. Major corporations have their headquarters in downtown Chicago. But it also has more hospitals than any other single district in America, which means that it is a health mecca. It also has some of the first of the com-munity health centers, the federally qualified health centers, that were or-ganized, the Mile Squares, the Near Norths, the Martin Luther Kings, Ac-cess Healths. It is a fascinating place, but then a part of it is home to Ernest Heming-way. There are more Frank Lloyd Wright structures in my district in a place called Oak Park than any other place in the world. With the exception of a few places, it is the museum capital of the Nation, every kind of entity. But the diversity of its people, some very wealthy indi-viduals, but then the areas that were devastated by the riots after the assas-sination of Dr. Martin Luther King. But some of the greatness of people like John H. Johnson, who started, de-veloped, and owned Johnson Publishing Company. Parker House Sausage. We don’t do a great deal of farming, but we do a lot of other kinds of things, busi-nesses like Ariel Capital, Loop Capital. b2030 These businesses provide an oppor-tunity for others to interact. Great people, I have had the good fortune to just know a whole bunch of young ath-letes: Isaiah Thomas, Kevin Garnett, Doc Rivers, and Darryl Stingley. All of these guys grew up in my district—not just in Chicago, but in my district. I represent the Chicago Bulls. I rep-resent the Bears, the Black Hawks, and a little bit of the White Sox. Unfortu-nately, the Cubs are a little further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.057 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10175 December 18, 2017 
north where Congressman M IKE Q
UIGLEY is and represents, but we em-brace them also. President Barack Obama lived right at the edge of my district. Chicago, Illinois, is filled with inclusivity. Carol Moseley Braun was the first African-American woman to be elected to the United States Senate from the State of Illinois. Of course, Barack Obama was also elected to the Senate. Roland Burris was a member of the Senate, and Abraham Lincoln. I grew up as a fan of Abraham Lin-coln because of the role that he and Il-linois played in the abolition of slav-ery. My mother was a great Abraham Lincoln fan, so as a little boy, I knew every story that you could think of about Abraham Lincoln. The thing that I am most proud of, though, is the inclusivity and the di-versification of our State. Representative L
AHOOD has rep-resented and demonstrated what Illi-nois is all about, and that is bringing all of us together to extol some of the virtues of our great State. I thank the gentleman for his leadership, and I thank the gentleman for his action. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman D
AVIS for those wonder-ful words about the State of Illinois, its history, and the city of Chicago and all his advocacy. Mr. Speaker, in closing, as you can see, each of our districts has played a role in not only shaping Illinois’ his-tory, but that of the entire Nation and the whole world. Whether it is the busi-ness hub of Chicago, the farmers downstate, or the many Main Street businesses in every city, Illinois’ influ-ence can be seen every day no matter where you are. That is why our bicentennial theme of ‘‘Born, Built, and Grown’’ is so ap-propriate. As 2018 begins and we con-tinue to get closer to our State’s birth-day on December 3, 2018, bicentennial events all across Illinois will help us recognize the important people and products that our State has to offer. For example, a bicentennial beer has already been judged and selected, hail-ing from the Hand of Fate Brewing Company in Petersburg, Illinois, with-in my congressional district. I encourage everyone to check out the full list of events at illinois200.com. I am sure I will be run-ning into many of my colleagues at several of them throughout the year as they happen across the State. While Illinois’ first 200 years have in-cluded both struggle and success, our State should be a point of pride for all of us. I think we heard that tonight. While we have accomplished so much, as my colleagues and I have talked about here tonight, there remains much to be done. Illinois remains on the path of prosperity, and the hard work and determination that the peo-ple of Illinois are known for will surely get us there. Mr. Speaker, I will just close by wishing Illinois a happy early birthday. We look forward to celebrating over the next year. I am proud to be born and raised in the State of Illinois and that my wife and I are raising our three boys in Illi-nois. We hope they stay and prosper in Illinois, and we look forward to this next year of celebration for 200 years of Illinois being in this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
GRADING THE GOP TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, it was really fun interacting with my colleagues and learning about the great State in which we live and have the opportunity to represent. But, Mr. Speaker, as we prepare to vote on the GOP tax plan, I decided that I would grade the bill and look a little bit at the difference between what has been promised and the reality of what is in the final legislation. We were told that there would be middle class tax relief and that nobody in the middle class is going to get a tax increase. We have been looking for it, but instead, after 10 years, millions of middle class taxpayers will be paying more, and the majority of the tax cuts will go to the corporations and to the 1 percent. We were told that it would eliminate tax breaks for the wealthy and that wealthy proponents of the bill will per-sonally take a hit from the GOP tax plan—another failure. This bill and this plan violates every principle and every tenet of economic justice. The vast majority of the benefits go to the large corporations and the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans. All major tax breaks remain and many new ones have been added, including the insidious new 20 percent deduction for so-called passthrough entities like real estate developers and others. Be-cause of the fact that the new language wasn’t in the bill passed by the House and Senate, floor amendments to eliminate the provision will not be per-mitted. The alternative minimum tax, that safety net designed to thwart clever tax dodgers, is gone. The biological heart of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska is handed over to oil companies for minimal return of Fed-eral tax dollars. We were told that Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid would be pro-tected, that this was going to be a rev-enue-neutral tax reform and that the bill would pay for itself—failure again. The trillion-plus dollars in new deficit spending will be blamed on these pro-grams, and pressure to cut them will begin shortly after the new year. We were told that tax cuts will spur economic growth—again, failure. U.S. corporate profits are already histori-cally high, but corporations are not making investments in plants, re-search, and new technology to grow the economy. What we need is increased demand, higher wages, returning dislocated workers to the economy, rebuilding aging cities, and rebuilding infrastruc-ture to revitalize communities. The re-distribution of income away from low- to high-income households reduces consumption spending, which reduces demand. The bill will be disastrous to the work of charitable nonprofits, reducing charitable giving by $13 billion or more, annually, destroying more than 220,000 nonprofit jobs and impairing the ability of nonprofits to address commu-nity needs. Repatriating overseas corporate prof-it will stimulate the economy; that is what we were told. U.S. multinationals currently have $752 billion in taxes on the $2.6 trillion in profits that they are holding offshore. They have already found creative ways to use those dol-lars here at home without paying taxes. Worse yet, the repatriation pro-vision helps conceal the permanent and growing costs of tax provisions that would lose revenue over the next dec-ade. What is needed is linking tax breaks to specific targeted investment here at home, such as the new market credit, which, as of the end of fiscal year 2016, had generated $8 of private investment for every $1 of Federal funding; created 178 million square feet of manufac-turing, office, and retail space; and fi-nanced over 5,400 businesses. We were told that we were going to be able to reduce health costs and health insurance for everybody—failure again. The elimination of the penalty for people who go without health insur-ance will result in some 13 million Americans losing their health insur-ance. That includes more than 500,000 Illinois residents. Healthcare premiums will rise by about 10 percent in most years, and for the lowest income working families, with 10 million children under 17, there will either be no improvement in their child tax credit or a token increase of $1 to $75. Low- and modest-income working families, with another 14 mil-lion children, will receive a child tax credit increase of more than $75 but less than the full $1,000 per child in-crease that families at higher income levels would receive. We were told that we were going to be able to file our taxes on a postcard, simplify and reduce the size of the Tax Code. That is not going to happen. Final grade, corporations and the 1 percent—the wealthiest people in the country—will win, and the rest of soci-ety will lose. For me, Mr. Speaker, that is not an acceptable result. I could never vote for this bill, so count me out. I vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.059 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10176 December 18, 2017 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I en-joyed hearing my friend from Illinois first talking about the great State of Illinois. It truly is. We appreciate all the doctors who have been sent down to Texas after we did tort reform and Illinois continues to have significant problems. We had had problems keeping doctors in Texas until the great State of Illi-nois ran into greater and greater mal-practice lawsuit problems. Texas did tort reform, and we started having doc-tors coming from places like Illinois to Texas, and we are doing much better. The problem is, with health insur-ance, I heard my friend talk about 13 million who won’t have insurance, and I think, to be fair there, are so many millions right now who are forced to do the unthinkable. b2045 It is unconstitutional. The Supreme Court simply chose to become political in their decisionmaking rather than constitutional. You could pick nine people off the street at random and probably six or seven out of the nine, after they heard the dispute and read the Constitution, would find contrary to the Supreme Court. We put so much magic, supposedly, in those black robes. Somehow, they are given more credibility than they ought to be. Thomas Jefferson thought that the judicial system would be the weakest of the three branches, but now it pretty much controls everything. Under ObamaCare, people are forced to buy a product. For the first time in American history, you can be forced to buy a product. If you didn’t, you would be fined, punished, taxed. The Court said, on one hand, it wasn’t a tax. Therefore, the Court had jurisdiction. Forty-some pages later, it said it is a tax, so it is constitutional. In any event, people have been forced to buy a product and they have paid for as cheap a policy as they could get away with, but the deductibles were so high. I have heard this over and over hundreds of times in my own district. They were buying insurance they will never be able to use. The deductibles are so high, they don’t have that kind of money. So what the repeal of the individual mandate is going to mean is that peo-ple can still buy the insurance if they want to. They are not going to be pe-nalized if they don’t buy it. But in order for ObamaCare to work, it is stealing from Peter to pay Paul. In other words, young people, for exam-ple, were having to buy insurance they would never use because they would have the deductible. But they did the calculation: Do I pay more if I pay for the insurance or do I pay more if I pay the extra income tax? Then they make that decision. What the repeal of the individual mandate means is that we will help the Supreme Court in their ridiculous rul-ing and the mental gymnastics that went into not calling it a tax at page 13 or so, and then 40 pages later calling it a tax. It is really pretty absurd, but it was a political decision. John Roberts was intimidated into believing that, if they struck down this unconstitutional bill, he would be deemed to be Chief Justice over the most political Court. As a re-sult of what he did, he goes down in history as having the most political Court since Dred Scott. It wasn’t quite as bad as the Dred Scott decision. That has got to be the worst. We know from history that some-times they just get it wrong. We will do the right thing by the American people, and we will repeal the indi-vidual mandate. Unfortunately, it is not going to start for a year. I also heard my friend mention—and I have heard others say—that this bill will end up putting most of the income in the hands of the top 1 percent. One of the great things about being in Congress is you get to learn so much if you are paying attention. My friends can go back and look at YouTube and find President Obama, after being in office for a number of years, admitting that, for the first time in American history, 95 percent of the Nation’s income went to the top 1 percent income earners. It never hap-pened before. But under the policies that do as President Obama said he was going to do before he got elected—and that is spread the wealth around—every time somebody tries to spread the wealth around—it is a socialist idea, a com-munist. But when you try to spread the wealth around, it never seems to fail that the richest, most powerful get richer and more powerful. You can go to the Soviet Union. There were a handful of people making a lot of money, even over there now, under Putin. Of course, Putin gets rich-er. But there were a handful of people who get rich and most of the people don’t. Most of the people bring in about the same amount of income, but they don’t have access to the same benefits. Anyway, we are going to move in a direction away from what President Obama’s policies established, and that was, as a fact, 95 percent of the Na-tion’s income is going to the top 1 per-cent. We want to get away from that. Reforming the Tax Code and getting away from the punishing days of Presi-dent Obama’s policies will allow the working class to do better for the first time in years. They have been flat- lined or less when adjusted for infla-tion. It is time they did better. The tax bill we should take up to-morrow will end up doing that. It will get money into the hands of the work-ing poor, the middle class. We saw the middle class shrink under President Obama; the poor got poorer, the ultrarich got ultraricher, and the mid-dle class shrunk. More people—over 50 million, as I re-call—signed up for food stamps. That has already dropped significantly under the policies of the current President. We are hoping that the policies that we will push through together with the President will continue to have that ef-fect. People will do better. There will be more jobs. With all of the ridicule of lowering the corporate tax, if people will just be realistic and honest about it, corpora-tions don’t pay corporate taxes. They have to pass that on as a cost of doing business to their customers, their cli-ents, those who purchase their goods or services. They pass that 35 percent tax on. I know that before the President got elected, the current President, he had talked about maybe putting a tariff on Chinese goods. The fact is we have been putting on a 35 percent tariff, the high-est tariff anybody puts on its own goods and services of all the industri-alized nations. It is the biggest. If we knock that 35 percent down, then it means our goods will be more competitive around the world. It means more jobs. It is going to be a great thing for America. It really is. As much as some people despise the Presi-dent, like it or not, it is going to help make America great again. Lower the corporate tax. I wish we could have kept it at 15 percent. Appar-ently, the powers of the leaders of the House and Senate, by a margin of two- to-one against the President wanting it at 15 percent, but at least we are get-ting it lowered. That is going to mean more goods can be competitive abroad. It means more jobs here. It means more manufacturing back here. For those who have got their nose in the air and think we shouldn’t have manufacturing in America, you go around the world and see manufac-turing in other places and you see it here. It is about as clean a manufac-turing company as you can have. This is the best place for those jobs because we do have to breathe the air that China and India pollutes, which we are cleaning up, but not near fast enough because they are polluting it so much. Fortunately, the President withdrew from the so-called climate accord. The reason all these other countries wanted the United States in is because we were the ones that were going to send checks to all the other countries. We were going to pay guilt money. We have no guilt to pay for. In fact, this is the country that is helping clean up the air and water, un-like other large nations in the world. They owe us a check, if somebody is going to be owing checks for the amount of pollution. It should mean a better economy. There is one other thing that se-verely hurt our country under the past administration. I am not normally a big fan of Politi-co’s articles, but this is a fascinating one that calls itself: ‘‘The Secret Backstory of How Obama Let Hezbollah Off the Hook.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.061 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10177 December 18, 2017 
Hezbollah is recognized as a terrorist organization. This is entitled: ‘‘The Se-cret Backstory of How Obama Let Hezbollah Off the Hook.’’ Part one starts with a ‘‘Global Threat Emerges. How Hezbollah turned to trafficking cocaine and laundering money through used cars to finance its expansion. ‘‘In its determination to secure a nu-clear deal with Iran, the Obama admin-istration derailed an ambitious law en-forcement campaign targeting drug trafficking by the Iranian-backed ter-rorist group Hezbollah, even as it was funneling cocaine into the United States, according to a Politico inves-tigation. ‘‘The campaign, dubbed Project Cas-sandra, was launched in 2008 after the Drug Enforcement Administration amassed evidence that Hezbollah had transformed itself from a Middle East- focused military and political organi-zation into an international crime syn-dicate that some investigators believed was collecting $1 billion a year from drug and weapons trafficking, money laundering, and other criminal activi-ties.’’ So, that was 2008, during the Bush ad-ministration, with Robert Mueller as head of the FBI. This points out: ‘‘Over the next 8 years’’—that would be as we went into the Obama administration, 2009— agents working out of a top-secret DEA facility in Chantilly, Virginia, used wiretaps, undercover operations, and informants to map Hezbollah’s illicit networks, with the help of 30 U.S. and foreign security agencies. ‘‘They followed cocaine shipments, some from Latin America to West Afri-ca and on to Europe and the Middle East, and others through Venezuela and Mexico to the United States. They tracked the river of dirty cash as it was laundered by, among other tactics, buying American used cars and ship-ping them to Africa. And with the help of some key cooperating witnesses, the agents traced the conspiracy, they be-lieved, to the innermost circle of Hezbollah and its state sponsors in Iran.’’ It is rather ironic. I got in the car a moment ago and heard my good friend, Mark Levin. Apparently, he had read part of this story on the air and had a call from a person they didn’t fully identify who was one of these agents who was helping track what Hezbollah was doing. The article says: ‘‘But as Project Cassandra reached higher into the hier-archy of conspiracy, Obama adminis-tration officials threw an increasingly insurmountable series of roadblocks in its way.’’ Parenthetically here, so the Obama administration had found that Hezbollah was massively producing and getting into the United States drugs that were addicting American young people—well, of all ages, but especially our young, our future—making a bil-lion dollars or so, and they were dying as they got hooked on worse and worse drugs. The answer of the Obama admin-istration, according to this article, was throwing an increasingly unsurmount-able series of roadblocks in the way of those investigating Hezbollah and the evil infliction of harm they were doing to America. b2100 The article goes on: ‘‘ . . . according to interviews with dozens of participants, who, in many cases, spoke for the first time about events shrouded in secrecy, and a re-view of government documents and court records. When Project Cassandra leaders sought approval for some sig-nificant investigations, prosecutions, arrests, and financial sanctions, offi-cials at the Justice and Treasury De-partments delayed, hindered, or re-jected their requests.’’ That would be Bob Mueller at the FBI. He had already purged the FBI training materials so that FBI agents, as they came in, would not know what questions to ask. So when they went out to interview Tsarnaev, after we got a heads up that he was a terrorist—he had been radicalized—those FBI agents didn’t know what to ask. Why? Because Bob Mueller purged the training material. So they didn’t know what to ask. They didn’t know what to look for in a radical Islamist. They went and asked his mother, and she said: No, he is a good boy. He is not a terrorist. There were people who died because of Bob Mueller purging the FBI train-ing materials; so they didn’t even know what they were looking for. And when I was cross-examining him before our committee, I said: ‘‘You didn’t even go out to the mosque where they attended to investigate them.’’ He indicated that they did go out to the mosque in their outreach program, where they sit down and play ‘‘Pat-a- Cake,’’ share a meal, and the last thing they do would be to inquire about one of the mosque attendees being radicalized. They didn’t bother to do that. They were too busy making merry in their outreach program. He also testified on one occasion that the Islamic community is like every other religious community in America; and they had this wonderful outreach program with them, and it is working so well. So I asked a question: ‘‘Well, you said the Islamic community is like every other community in America, and you have this wonderful outreach program with them, so let me ask you: How is your outreach program going with the Buddhists, and the Jewish, and the Baptists, and all of these other communities?’’ Well, they don’t have an outreach program to any except the Islamic community. So that told me then: this isn’t just like every other community. They don’t have outreach communities through every other religious commu-nity in America because they are not worried about them blowing up inno-cent people, to the extent they appar-ently were before Mueller came along. In any event, back to this article: ‘‘The Justice Department declined requests by Project Cassandra and other authorities to file criminal charges against major players such as Hezbollah’s high-profile envoy to Iran, a Lebanese bank that allegedly laundered billions in alleged drug prof-its, and a central player in a U.S.-based cell of the Iranian paramilitary Quds Force. And the State Department re-jected requests to lure high-value tar-gets to countries where they could be arrested.’’ So the Justice Department—during that period, of course—would have been Eric Holder. I believe I saw him in the news recently. He had forgotten how he was in contempt of Congress, how he covered up—obfuscated—crimes that appeared to be occurring under his watch. And now we find out, just days after his high-profile blasting of what was going on here, trying to get to the truth, it turns out he was obfuscating, just like we found he was doing, hin-dering and obstructing justice. We really needed a special counsel to investigate him. But, of course, he was not going to have a special counsel in-vestigate himself, nor was Loretta Lynch going to allow a special counsel to investigate Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch. We still need one to investigate both of them. And the more we find out, the more it points to this des-perate need. It has this in the article from Decem-ber 15, 2011: ‘‘Hezbollah is linked to a $483,142,568 laundering scheme. The money, alleg-edly laundered through the Lebanese Canadian Bank and two exchange houses, involved approximately 30 U.S. car buyers.’’ Then it goes on and shows in the arti-cle, from the Southern District of New York, U.S. Attorney’s Office: ‘‘Manhattan U.S. Attorney Files Civil Money Laundering and Forfeiture Suit Seeking More Than $480 Million From Entities Including Lebanese Fi-nancial Institutions That Facilitated a Hezbollah-Related Money Laundering Scheme’’ ‘‘‘This was a policy decision, it was a systematic decision,’ said David Asher, who helped establish and oversee Project Cassandra as a Defense Depart-ment illicit finance analyst. ‘They seri-ally ripped apart this entire effort that was very well supported and resourced, and it was done from the top down.’’’ That would be from President Obama, it would be from Eric Holder, and it would be from Bob Mueller. Bob Mueller should have been honest and sincere enough when he was asked to be special counsel, and should have said: I am probably going to be inves-tigated myself. I am not in a position to be the investigator. Because he certainly should be inves-tigated. And this is one more story. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.063 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10178 December 18, 2017 
‘‘The untold story of Project Cas-sandra illustrates the immense dif-ficulty in mapping and countering il-licit networks in an age where global terrorism, drug trafficking, and orga-nized crime have merged, but also the extent to which competing agendas among government agencies—and shifting priorities at the highest lev-els—can set back years of progress.’’ And that is exactly what happened under Bob Mueller and President Obama’s administration. And this 56-page article appears very well documented, and it actually ap-pears well done. It has John Brennan in here creating problems for the inves-tigation into the drugging and laun-dering of money to help finance ter-rorist operations. And one part of this is they killed this investigation. They were afraid it would prevent the Iran agreement from going forward. Well, it didn’t go for-ward. It was never constitutionally ratified. The Corker bill was just that: it was a bill. It could not turn the Con-stitution upside down, as it attempted to do. The Constitution makes clear that it takes two-thirds of the Senate to ratify a treaty. It doesn’t matter what the bill says; it will only take one-third to ratify a treaty. It doesn’t work that way. If you want that to be the law, it takes a constitutional amendment to do that. We didn’t have one. Therefore, it took two-thirds to ratify, and the Iranian agreement is still not ratified. But, nonetheless, though it wasn’t ratified, it didn’t keep the President from sending $100 billion or so in dol-lars over to Iran. We know Iran is the largest producer of IEDs in Iraq. As I sat at the funeral of this pre-cious, young 20-year-old gentleman, who went to my daughter’s high school, Alex Missildine, killed by an IED, I just sat there going: I wonder if the money President Obama sent paid for the production of the IED that killed our precious Alex? It has been paid. It is paying for something. We know that Iran is using it—Certainly part of their military op-erations are continuing to kill Ameri-cans in other places. Yet you had Project Cassandra that was closing in on Hezbollah, closing in on the drug production, drug sales, the laundering of money through the used car, shipping used cars around. And then, lo and behold, a reminder of what has happened right here on Capitol Hill that Luke Rosiak has been pursuing. Here is an article from February 20, 2017, from the Daily Caller, entitled: ‘‘House Dem IT Guys In Security Probe Secretly Took $100,000 in Iraqi Money,’’ from a Hezbollah tie. The article says: ‘‘Rogue congressional staffers took $100,000 from an Iraqi politician while they had administrator-level access to the House of Representatives’ com-puter network, according to court doc-uments examined by The Daily Caller News Foundation’s Investigative Group. ‘‘The money was a loan from Dr. Ali al-Attar, an Iraqi political figure, and was funneled through a company with ‘impossible’-to-decipher financial transactions that the congressional in-formation technology, IT, staffers con-trolled. ‘‘Imran Awan, ringleader of the group that includes his brothers Abid and Jamal, has provided IT services since 2005 for Florida Democrat Rep-resentative D
EBBIE WASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , the former Democratic Na-tional Committee, DNC, chairwoman. The brothers are from Pakistan. ‘‘The trio also worked for dozens of other House Democrats, including members of the Intelligence, Foreign Affairs, and Homeland Security Com-mittees. Those positions likely gave them access to congressional emails and other sensitive documents. ‘‘The brothers, whose access to House IT networks has been terminated, are under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police.’’ ‘‘Investigators found that congres-sional information was being copied to an off-site server and they suspect the brothers of improperly accessing infor-mation and stealing congressional property. Chiefs of staff for the em-ploying Democrats were notified Feb-ruary 2. ‘‘Soon after Imran began working for Members of Congress, Imran’s and Abid’s wives—Hina Alvi and Natalia Sova—also began receiving congres-sional paychecks, the DCNF found. Imran’s employers included two mem-bers of the Intelligence Committee. ...  ‘‘By 2009, the family was simulta-neously managing a full-time car deal-ership in Virginia, with Abid running day-to-day operations after contrib-uting $250,000 in startup cash. It was called Cars International A, LLC, re-ferred to as ‘‘CIA’’ in court docu-ments.’’ Cars International A, referred to as CIA. Isn’t it clever. ‘‘Imran boasted unusual clout among House Democrats, and was even pic-tured conversing with former President Bill Clinton. After Rao Abbas, who was owed money by the dealership, threat-ened to sue amid allegations of decep-tion and theft, Abbas appeared on the congressional payroll and received $250,000 in taxpayer payments.’’ Incredible. You owe somebody for an illicit car dealership, and you can’t pay. Just put them on the House em-ployee system; and they will be on the congressional payroll, and you can pay off $250,000. That must have been a heck of a percentage, though. They borrowed $100,000 from this guy with Hezbollah contact, and they have to pay him back $250,000. Of course, in their case, they were very fortunate, because they did it with the House pay-roll. There is no evidence that Mr. Abbas ever lifted a finger to do any work, and for good reason. We wouldn’t want him involved in all of the inner workings of our computer systems on the Hill. Who knows. Maybe he did. Maybe that was part of the payoff as well. ‘‘Abid had ‘100 percent’ of the dealer-ship, a one-time business partner said in court documents, in addition to his $165,000-a-year job working full-time for multiple representatives. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, this story Politico has run seems to have a lot of parallels to what was going on right here in the House that needs further investigation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 15 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2304 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 11 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3312, SYSTEMIC RISK DES-IGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017; AND FOR OTHER PUR-POSES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–474) on the resolution (H. Res. 667) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3312) to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding compa-nies may be subject to certain en-hanced supervision, and for other pur-poses; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Ms. M
CCOLLUM (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of official business in district. 
f 
JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 8, 2017, she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.064 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10179 December 18, 2017 
presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 123. Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, December 19, 2017, at 9 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3420. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1023; Product Identifier 2017- NM-144-AD; Amendment 39-19104; AD 2017-23- 10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3421. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0816; Product Identi-fier 2017- NE-29-AD; Amendment 39-19093; AD 2017-22-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3422. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1000; Product Identifier 2017-NE-36-AD; Amendment 39- 19100; AD 2017-23-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3423. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; 328 Support Services GmbH (Type Cer-tificate Previously Held by AvCraft Aero-space GmbH; Fairchild Dornier GmbH; Dornier Luftfahrt GmbH) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9568; Product Identifier 2016- NM-150-AD; Amendment 39-19077; AD 2017-21- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3424. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0988; Product Identi-fier 2017-NE-37-AD; Amendment 39-19097; AD 2017-23-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3425. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0712; Product Identifier 2017- NM-014-AD; Amendment 39-19095; AD 2017-23- 01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3426. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31162; Amdt. No.: 3772] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3427. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31163; Amdt. No.: 3773] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3428. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31161; Amdt. No.: 3771] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3429. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31164; Amdt. No.: 3774] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3813. A bill to designate a human trafficking prevention co-ordinator and to expand the scope of activi-ties authorized under the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human traf-ficking prevention activities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–467). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3814. A bill to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking (Rept. 115–468). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2465. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medi-care program with respect to speech gener-ating devices (Rept. 115–469, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1350. A bill to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–470). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4375. A bill to provide for a study on broadening par-ticipation in certain National Science Foun-dation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–471). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4254. A bill to amend the National Science Founda-tion Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the pro-motion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellow-ship opportunities to women, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–472). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4323. A bill to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and sci-entific research, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–473). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 667. A resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3312) to amend the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain en-hanced supervision, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 115–474). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2465 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4666. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for a Patient and State Stability Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 4667. A bill making further supple-mental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for disaster assist-ance for Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and calendar year 2017 wildfires, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.018 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10180 December 18, 2017 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Ap-propriations, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 4668. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide for the establishment of a enhanced cybersecurity assistance and pro-tections for small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 4669. A bill to ensure independent in-vestigations by allowing judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. K
ATKO ): H.R. 4670. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide authority for certain members of the Armed Forces to transfer en-titlement to Post-9/11 Educational Assist-ance to their dependents; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 4671. A bill to assist and incentivize organic agriculture by expanding its access to, and eligibility for, Federal rural develop-ment and agricultural loan programs; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , and Mrs. T ORRES ): H.R. 4672. A bill to further deployment of Next Generation 9-1-1 services to enhance and upgrade the Nation’s 9-1-1 systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for her-self, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, and Mrs. B USTOS ): H.R. 4673. A bill to create opportunities for women in the aviation industry; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4674. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to require Members of Congress to reimburse the Treas-ury for payments of awards and settlements under such Act which are made in connec-tion with claims of sexual harassment com-mitted by the Members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. W
EBER of Texas): H.R. 4675. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to provide for a low-dose radi-ation basic research program; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 4676. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to prescribe regulations to ex-pand sanctions against persons owned or controlled by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi): H.R. 4677. A bill to improve certain pro-grams of the Small Business Administration to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4678. A bill to permit the District of Columbia to make payments pursuant to contingency fee arrangements entered into by the Attorney General of the District of Columbia for the provision of legal services in claims and other legal mattes affecting the interests of the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. REICHERT ): H.R. 4679. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for improve-ments to coverage and payment under the Medicare program for new drugs, devices, and technology; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POLIS: H. Con. Res. 97. Concurrent resolution Di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4666. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 4667. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 4668. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4669. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clauses 9 and 18 By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4670. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4671. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 4672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 4673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4675. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 4676. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 4677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. REED: H.R. 4679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 173: Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 233: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 389: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 502: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 620: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. B UDD, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 681: Mr. B
IGGS and Mr. H OLDING . H.R. 719: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . H.R. 809: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 858: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 881: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. C ICILLINE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18DE7.100 H18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10181 December 18, 2017 
H.R. 909: Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 1159: Mr. F
ASO and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 1225: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1243: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1251: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 1299: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1528: Mr. E
LLISON and Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER. H.R. 1606: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 1783: Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1815: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 1861: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1874: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1905: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2016: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 2045: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 2079: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 2152: Mrs. R
OBY and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 2219: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2234: Mr. B
OSTand Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2475: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2526: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2641: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 2740: Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2790: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2832: Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
ESANTIS , and Mr. G OH-
MERT . H.R. 3010: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3127: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3128: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3222: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3282: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 3330: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 3415: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3605: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3635: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 3730: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 3759: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 3767: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3773: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 3866: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 3976: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. B
LUM, and Mr. R USH. H.R. 3990: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 3994: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 4007: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. L EE, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4044: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4082: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4143: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4147: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4179: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 4190: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4207: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 4229: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 4238: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4240: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 4242: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 4253: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 4265: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4319: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 4323: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4327: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4426: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4427: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4429: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 4444: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 4459: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4473: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 4474: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Mr. S IRES. H.R. 4541: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4545: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 4546: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4547: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 4548: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4565: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 4585: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 4608: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4613: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 4636: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 4661: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. D UNN, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. K
INZINGER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H. J. Res. 120: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 15: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas. H. Res. 220: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 256: Mr. S
TIVERS . H. Res. 495: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H. Res. 632: Mr. K
ILDEE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.023 H18DEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8051 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2017 No. 206 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Father, strong to save, we love You because You are our shield and deliverer. You have been our God from the moment of our birth, loving and sustaining us with Your mercies. Lord, You loved us before we loved You, and You empowered us to live productive lives. Cast out of our Sen-ators any fear and anxiety, as their love for You increases. Teach them to treat others as they would want to be treated themselves, fulfilling Your ad-monition to practice the Golden Rule. May they seek You early, realizing that not an hour goes by when we do not need You. Supply all their needs from the bounty of Your riches in glory. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. TRAIN DERAILMENT IN WASHINGTON STATE Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, to begin with, all of our thoughts this afternoon are with the victims of this morning’s tragic train derailment in Washington State and with their fami-lies as well. Our gratitude is with the first responders who answered the call and rushed to the scene. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on a different matter entirely, the Senate has a number of important tasks to complete this week for the American people. On Friday we took another sig-nificant step toward delivering major tax relief for middle-class families and small businesses when the House and Senate conference committee released the final text of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We are closer than ever to seizing this once-in-a-generation opportunity to update our Tax Code, to make Amer-ica stronger, and to help middle-class families keep more of their hard- earned money. The last decade has not been easy for middle-class Americans. Families, like many I represent in Kentucky, were hit hard by the great recession. Many con-tinue to feel its effects. But too often, instead of helping people get back on their feet, Washington has been an ob-stacle. Our broken and outdated Tax Code lets the government take too much money out of Americans’ pay-checks. The Obama administration’s runaway regulations slowed job growth and destroyed opportunities just when people needed them most. Help is on the way. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a major step toward a stronger, more prosperous America with higher wages, higher take-home pay, more jobs, and better opportuni-ties for middle-class Americans. First and foremost, the bill provides imme-diate relief by letting Americans keep more of their paychecks. A typical family of four earning the median fam-ily income will get a tax cut of more than $2,000. We are taking that money out of Washington’s pocket and putting it right back into theirs. By modern-izing the way we tax businesses, we will make America a better place to in-vest, start small businesses, and create middle-class jobs. Our tax bill will make it less attrac-tive for American businesses to send jobs and investments overseas and more attractive to expand and invest here at home. That is why American manufacturers say they are excited about this bill and plan to hire new workers, while Chinese officials say it has them worried. The conference report will also re-peal the punitive individual mandate tax at the heart of ObamaCare. Under ObamaCare, Americans must either buy the kind of health insurance that Washington thinks they should buy or pay a heavy tax penalty. By repealing this unfair penalty, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will give low- and middle- class families even more tax relief, along with the flexibility to make their own healthcare decisions. The bill will also strengthen America’s future by enhancing our energy independence. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides for further responsible development of Alaska’s oil and gas potential. Unleashing more of our own natural re-sources will create good jobs and im-prove America’s energy security. The historic accomplishments in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will bring imme-diate relief to struggling families and set America on a trajectory toward greater strength and prosperity. I commend the conferees—especially Chairman H
ATCH , Chairman M UR-
KOWSKI , and Chairman E NZI—for their work to help finalize the conference re-port. I look forward to voting for its passage, and I urge all of our col-leagues to join me in voting to give the American families the relief they need and richly deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.000 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8052 December 18, 2017 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, before the end of this week, Congress must agree on a con-tinuing resolution to sustain the crit-ical operations of the Federal Govern-ment. In this process, it is vital that we ensure that our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to protect Americans and face the chal-lenges of a dangerous world. During the Obama administration, the readiness of our all-volunteer Armed Forces was hurt by irrespon-sible cuts to the Department of De-fense, which have damaged combat readiness. The military suffered a dis-proportionate burden under the Budget Control Act. The arbitrary demand that increases in defense spending must be equally matched by increases in nondefense spending should not stand in the way of delivering the re-sources needed to restore near-term and long-term readiness. Earlier this year, we rightly set aside that mis-guided standard and took steps to fully meet the needs of our warfighters. This week, we need to do so one more time. If Congress fails to reach agreement on government funding, our military will suffer intolerable budget cuts that would jeopardize the tools and the training our servicemembers need to fulfill their missions. Our responsibil-ities run deeper than keeping the gov-ernment open and ensuring our warfighters have the resources they need. Before the year ends, we must also deliver results in several additional areas of vital importance to the Amer-ican people. We must renew funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram so the parents of 9 million chil-dren who are covered by CHIP can know that their children’s healthcare is secure. We must reauthorize a crit-ical foreign intelligence program that the men and women of American law enforcement need to keep our Nation safe from those who wish to harm us. We must renew the popular Veterans Choice Program, which aims to cut wait times for VA healthcare and to give our veterans flexibility to access care outside of the system. We must approve supplemental disaster funding for States and Territories that are still struggling to rebuild after a year of devastating disasters. We must pass a routine waiver to avoid unacceptable cuts of Medicare funding and other vital programs. Since the enactment of the pay-go law in 2010, Congress has never allowed a sequester to take effect, especially for tax bills, and we must act again this week to ensure that vulnerable Americans are not harmed. Of particular importance, faced with the continued failure of ObamaCare to keep health insurance affordable for working Americans, we must take this opportunity to pass bipartisan solu-tions that will help stabilize collapsing health insurance markets and lower premiums for individuals and families across the country. Across all these critical areas, Con-gress must do what is right for the American people and take action this week. I urge each Member of this body to come together and help pass a fund-ing agreement that fulfills our respon-sibilities to the Nation. I look forward to working with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make sure that happens. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TRAIN CRASH IN WASHINGTON STATE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, our hearts go out to everyone who has been affected by that horrible train crash near Seattle, WA. I know that authorities are still investigating what caused the crash. We have to find out what went wrong and then work to fix it. We in New York know what this is like. We have had a few of these derailments and crashes—Spuyten Duyvil on the Metro-North, where four people died about a year and a half ago or a year or two ago. It was very bad. We have to work on train safety, and there are lots of things to do. I am not going to talk about that now, but we do have to. For now, we are wishing the very best for everyone on that train, and we remain deeply grateful to the first responders who reported to the scene. 
f 
REMEMBERING BOB WILMERS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on an-other sad note and before I move to the substance of the day, I want to spend a moment in recognizing a dear friend of mine who passed away this weekend, Bob Wilmers, one of the most respected and prominent benefactors in Buffalo, NY—one of the great cities in my State and in our country. Very few men had done as much for Buffalo since its founding hundreds of years ago as Bob Wilmers had done for the last several decades. He was the chairman of M&T Bank. He helped the bank grow from a small bank into one of the largest employers in the region— 6,500 employees. As he built the busi-ness and created thousands of good- paying, middle-class jobs, he helped Upstate New York dramatically. M&T Bank was a large bank, but it was not one of these banks that en-gaged in swaps overseas or other risky types of investments. It lent money to small businesses, and it had a deep car-ing for the communities which it served. It was a model bank, in my opinion. It did an amazing job in help-ing to revitalize our upstate economy, which has had trouble over the last several decades due to so many dif-ferent things, including bad trade poli-cies. Bob was also not just committed to the bank, which he loved, as he loved the employees, cared about them, and was such an honorable employee; he was also committed to Buffalo and phi-lanthropy. He directed almost $5 mil-lion to local nonprofit organizations in New York—the bank did under his leadership. That is because Bob himself was a philanthropist. He was a man with a big heart, and he always gave in every way. He spent many years sup-porting one of the great art museums in America, the Albright-Knox Art Gal-lery, and the Buffalo Philharmonic Or-chestra, just to name a couple. He was a booster to everything Buffalo. He was never in the camp that thought Buf-falo’s best days were behind her. He al-ways believed in Buffalo’s potential and its future and helped to make that happen. The city of Buffalo is turning around. We are so proud in so many dif-ferent ways. It is, in good part, because of Bob Wilmers. On a personal level, my wife and I will miss him. He visited my wife for lunch a few months ago. He was 83 years old, and he was on his rickety, old bike and rode through the streets of New York City to meet her so that they could have lunch. Bob’s wife Elisabeth and Iris and I spent many happy hours together. He was a brilliant man, a brilliant banker, decent, caring, and civic-minded. The loss is the Wilmers family’s, and our condolences go to Elisabeth. It is a loss for Buffalo and the United States. Bob will be truly missed. His untimely death has sent shock waves throughout New York State, and we will miss him so. f 
SPECIAL COUNSEL MUELLER Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on a different subject, I again warn about the danger of the smear campaign against Special Counsel Mueller. Over the weekend, allies of the Presi-dent in the media escalated their phony attacks on Special Counselor Mueller to an outrageous degree. One of the assertions that arose this week-end was that Special Counsel Mueller improperly obtained emails from the Trump transition team. This is a bald- faced lie. There is no proof behind the allegations. There is no substance be-hind the allegations. They can’t point to any indication that Mueller’s team did anything that was improper, let alone illegal. The Mueller team is al-lowed to request whatever it wants. They are special counsel, special pros-ecutors. They either have to get the accountholder’s permission or go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.002 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8053 December 18, 2017 
through appropriate criminal proc-esses. In this case, there is no indica-tion that they didn’t follow the guide-lines. So to those complaining here in the Congress and in the media, point to something specific that Mueller did wrong here. They can’t. These attackers are cre-ating impropriety when there is none. Their attacks are not based on fact or logic. This is a hatchet job, plain and simple. If they have a legal complaint, they can pursue it in court, but of course they don’t. That is why these attacks are only speculation on TV by partisan pundits. Robert Mueller is one of the most re-spected and trusted civil servants in our country. His integrity is unim-peachable. The concerted campaign to discredit him and his investigation in the rightwing media is nothing more than propaganda and disinformation to try to turn the public’s attention away from the real investigation—Donald Trump’s potential collusion with Rus-sia and the collusion of his campaign and the attempt, if it is found, to ob-struct justice and prevent an investiga-tion from going forward. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will defend the special counsel from these spurious attacks. Every-one—Democrat and Republican alike— must reject the strident voices that falsely impugn Special Counsel Mueller. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT AND THE REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we have a lot to accomplish before the end of the year. Government funding runs out on Friday. We still haven’t reached a bipartisan agreement on lifting the budget caps to ensure that our invest-ments in economic growth and job cre-ation rise in tandem with our invest-ments in our national defense or in a disaster supplemental that treats equi-tably California, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, as well as Texas and Florida. We need a bipartisan agreement to fully fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program and commu-nity health centers, end the sabotage of our healthcare markets, protect the Dreamers, and shore up pension plans for hundreds of thousands of hard- working Americans. We should be doing all these things together instead of in a piecemeal fash-ion. It will lead to a better bipartisan result, which is a necessity. To try to do it in a partisan way, as the House of Representatives seems to be doing, will lead to nowhere and to a government shutdown. Instead of jamming through a partisan tax scam in the House and Senate, we should be working on mid-dle-class priorities. To make matters worse, House Re-publicans continue to waste time on a partisan CRomnibus that is dead on ar-rival in the Senate. There is another path. Republicans and Democrats should continue to negotiate a genuine bipartisan agreement that paves the way for the major unresolved issues to get to the President’s desk. With so lit-tle time left before the end of the year, those negotiations must proceed in ear-nest. They haven’t been. Today, in the House, the Republican Members of the team called off the ne-gotiations and said: Let’s do it tomor-row—as the clock ticks. A few items have become sticking points and should be addressed. We still don’t have a deal on pensions. Over 1 million Americans are waiting for our Republican friends to do what is right and work with us on a solution to the pension crisis in America. These work-ing people every month put money into a pension hoping that when they retire, they are not going to become rich, but they can live a life of dignity. A lot of that has been robbed from them. We have an obligation to help them. That is a high priority for Democrats in the Senate and the House. We still don’t have a resolution on Democratic funding requests for opioid treatment. We know the scourge of opioids, the number of deaths through-out America—rural, suburban, urban, Black, White, Hispanic, Asian, every-body. In the flower of their youth, so many are being taken by opioids. We don’t do enough, and there is a clamor from the Nation to do more. What about veterans’ care? Cuts have hurt our veterans who have served us. They are not getting the help they need. Our infrastructure is crumbling. We need help in rural areas, urban areas, suburban areas. What about that? There is no resolution on adequate funding for Puerto Rico and its resil-iency or the Virgin Islands, no resolu-tion on fixing our wildfire funding problem which we proposed. We still don’t have an understanding on the Republicans’ plan to extend the 702 FISA Court program. The majority leader has told us: Oh, we have to act on FISA. He could put it on the floor today. He could have put it on the floor last week, instead of putting three judges—some of whom had dubious cre-dentials—on the floor. So to tell us we are running out of time for FISA, when the majority leader controls the floor and hasn’t done anything for months, rings a little hollow. We still don’t have a good deal on the healthcare package. Now that Repub-licans are pushing through a partisan repeal of the individual mandate in their tax bill, which causes premiums to rise 10 percent—when America gets those premium increases this spring and summer, they will know who to blame. The number of Americans with-out insurance will rise by 13 million. The bipartisan stabilization bills will not have the same impact. We will need new legislation to account for the Re-publicans’ latest attempt to undermine our healthcare system. We still don’t have a disaster pack-age that adequately takes care of Puer-to Rico, California, the Virgin Islands. I hear that my friends from Texas— both Houses—are demanding we rush through a partisan disaster package through the end of the year. Texas needs the money, but the Governor of Texas has refused to tap the State’s $10 billion rainy day fund—the largest in the country—to help Houston and other parts of the State recover from Hurricane Harvey. Yet, at the same time, he is demanding immediate Fed-eral assistance. On its face, it is ab-surd. It is an absurd position for a rou-tine critic of Federal Government spending to demand money imme-diately, while he has a $10 billion fund sitting there. Imagine if those moneys were in New York or Maryland what our Republican colleagues would be saying. Constantly, we have this what is good for the goose is not good for the gander on our Republican side. I could have used stronger words, but I stopped myself. I say to the Governor of Texas: If a rainy day fund is not for a rainy day, which Texas had, then what the heck is it for? I, for one, don’t want to vote for a nickel for Texas unless they tap that rainy day fund. Of course, last, but certainly not least, we have to ensure protection for the Dreamers. Bipartisan negotiations are ongoing in the House and Senate. That is good news. Democrats and Re-publicans in the Senate and the House are trying to come to an agreement on helping the Dreamers, who just want to become Americans, and coming up with border security which we all believe we need. One thousand Dreamers are los-ing their status every week. While our Republican friends twiddle their thumbs, we need action on the Dream-ers, and we need our Republican col-leagues to cooperate. On these issues and more, there is a lot of work left to do. Instead of rush-ing through their partisan tax bill, I would urge my Republican colleagues to focus on the year-end negotiations. Speaking of the tax bill, it appears it will be before us on a final vote early this week. Although there were signifi-cant changes in the conference report, Senators will not have much time to grapple with them. The conference re-port was released late last Friday. We are taking a final vote on a bill that will change the entire Tax Code only a few days later. It will be a culmination of the sloppiest legislative process I have witnessed in my time as a Sen-ator. Fittingly, unfortunately, the re-sults will be a mess as well. My Republican friends are squan-dering their so-called once-in-a-genera-tion opportunity for tax reform on a massive corporate bailout paid for by middle-class tax increases. What a shame. At a time when our economy is in-creasingly stacked against the middle class and in favor of the wealthy, the Republican tax bill will skew the play-ing field even further out of whack. It will explode inequality in the country, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.003 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8054 December 18, 2017 
where the top 1 percent of earners al-ready capture over 20 percent of the na-tional income, while the bottom 50 per-cent take in only 13 percent. It will ex-plode the deficit, starving our country of the resources it needs to invest in education, infrastructure, and sci-entific research—all the things that help the middle class. After all of that, it will endanger So-cial Security, Medicaid, and Medicare. Then, 1 or 2 or 3 years down the line, Republicans will come back to slash those programs to pay for the deficit they have created. Finally, our Republican friends say: Well, it will create a whole lot of jobs. Give money to the wealthiest corpora-tions. As has been shown over and over again, the wealthiest corporations have a ton of money right now. They are not creating jobs. Give them more money? They will not create any more jobs. The only claim our Republican col-leagues have for the middle class is trickle-down. Well, my friends, no one believes in trickle-down except for a handful of wealthy, greedy people who seem to be controlling what you are saying and doing in this tax bill. This bill, in short, is a cynical one- two gut punch to the middle class. It raises middle-class taxes to pay for cor-porate tax cuts and decimates their earned benefits as a kicker. Surely we can do better than this. Tomorrow Republicans will have a chance to vote down this tax bill, which is one of the least popular pieces of legislation in the last 30 years. My Republican colleagues have accom-plished an amazing trick. A tax cut, usually popular, is 2-to-1 unpopular in America. Good work. They know what is in it. The public knows. They know they are getting crumbs, if anything, and many are get-ting increases, while the highest in-come people do great. Well, let me just say, if by some miracle, our Republican colleagues get the good sense to vote this package down and really help the middle class instead of just helping the wealthy, we Democrats will be there. They will find a Democratic leader and a Democratic Party willing to work with them on real bipartisan tax re-form. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations en bloc, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Ala-bama, to be General Counsel of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Devel-opment; and Owen West, of Con-necticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Texas. TAX CUTS AND JOBS BILL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, listen-ing to my friend, the Democratic lead-er, leads me to conclude that he and his party have given up on the Amer-ican dream. They want to settle for the status quo, which is stagnant growth of our economy and jobs where people haven’t seen an increase in their wages for years. They even seem to be rooting for failure. That seems to be the atti-tude of our missing-in-action congres-sional Democrats on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We, on the other hand, think Amer-ican families need more take-home pay, higher wages, more jobs, and a competitive economy, and we believe they shouldn’t have to settle for less. I will come back to that in a moment. I do want to talk about tax reform and make the perhaps obvious state-ment that tax reform is hard. That is the reason it hasn’t been done since 1986. It is even harder when we have a political party that is determined to fight against every single proposal we have made in our tax cut and tax re-form bill, including ones they them-selves have championed in the past. I have heard the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, Sen-ator W
YDEN , talk about corporate give-aways, and the Democratic leader just alluded to the same thing. Yet we are embracing the same sort of approach they took in previous proposals and that President Obama advocated for in his State of the Union Address in 2011, when he asked Republicans and Demo-crats alike to work together to lower the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world because he knew it was chasing jobs overseas, and he knew it was important to bring that invest-ment and those jobs back to the United States. That is exactly what our bill does. My friend K
EVIN BRADY , the chair-man of the House Ways and Means Committee, called tax reform a Rubik’s Cube. He is right, but now, thankfully, we have figured out how to solve that Rubik’s Cube. We confess that this legislation is not perfect, but it is good, and it is much better than the status quo, which our Democratic colleagues seem to have settled for. Last week, the con-ference committee met between the House and the Senate, and members, including myself, had many difficult conversations about how to reconcile the differences between the two bills. Those discussions were necessary, they were prudent, and they were produc-tive. We now have a consensus about how to get this bill across the finish line and to the President’s desk before Christmas. We will vote on this final bill after the House does tomorrow—hopefully by tomorrow night. Perhaps it will carry over into Wednesday morning, but we will get it on the President’s desk for him to sign into law before Christmas, as we pledged. I want to talk for just a few moments about why I am so excited at the pros-pect—and so are so many other people across the country—because oftentimes their words get lost in the chatter, some of which is designed to mislead and presents an inaccurate picture of just how consequential this tax reform will be. Their voices—those who be-lieve this good bill will help them—de-serve to be heard. Let me first talk about manufac-turing. There was a survey released last week that showed historically high optimism among 14,000 small and large employers in the manufacturing sector. How long have we heard that we need to bring manufacturing back to the United States rather than outsourcing it to Mexico or China or other places around the world? Well, we tried to ad-dress that, and I think we met with some success because more than 94 per-cent of manufacturers are now positive about their company’s outlook. Nearly 64 percent said that tax reform would encourage their company to increase capital spending. Capital spending is what goes into infrastructure, equip-ment, and things that allow them to become more productive and to create more jobs. A majority of these manu-facturers said that they would indeed expand their businesses and they would hire more workers after this bill is signed into law by the President. In fact, manufacturers predict that the number of jobs could surge to 2 million by the year 2025. Now there are roughly 350,000 American manufacturing jobs, so a leap to 2 million is almost fan-tastic—hard to contemplate—but very exciting if true. The second group I want to mention that is very excited about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is small businesses. We know small businesses are the eco-nomic engine of the country. Indeed, 70 percent of new jobs are created not by Fortune 500 company businesses but by small businesses. As one piece in the Houston Chronicle recently pointed out, the 2.6 million small businesses that call Texas home are enthusiastic because tax reform will provide them much needed relief. Small businesses, of course, all have to pay taxes, which is burdensome enough, but they also have to spend hours and money to comply with our unnecessarily complex tax laws. Ac-cording to a 2017 survey by the Na-tional Small Business Association, 58 percent of small businesses reported that the administrative burden of Fed-eral taxes posed a greater challenge than the cost of the taxes themselves. The burden of compliance was worse than the check they had to write to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.004 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8055 December 18, 2017 
Federal Government. The Houston op- ed put the matter succinctly. It said: 
For large corporations that can afford a small army of lawyers and accountants, the tax laws are a nuisance. For small busi-nesses, they are a nightmare. 
Now that situation will change. Our bill will simplify the Tax Code by eliminating many special deductions and credits while broadening the base and bringing down rates. To those cynics here inside the belt-way who roll their eyes, who think that changes to the business provisions of the code don’t matter, I would point out two more important pieces of news. First, the Federal Reserve, an inde-pendent government institution, re-cently said that this tax package is one of the factors that led them to increase their projections for growth next year. That is welcome, to say the least. Tax reform, said Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, last appointed by Presi-dent Obama, will boost spending and could do the same for productivity. So the Federal Reserve has raised its growth projections for next year, par-ticularly in response to what we are doing. For those who worry about deficits— that we are cutting taxes too much— and who don’t believe the economy will grow to compensate for those cuts in taxes, all they need to do is look at the projection of the Federal Reserve. They currently project the economy to grow at 2.1 percent, but she said that next year it could go to 2.5 percent. So even if you believe that very conservative estimate, that is enough growth to compensate for the cut in taxes and the loss of revenue next year, but we ex-pect that will continue and will grow over the next 10 years. It is another thing to note how the rest of the world is reacting to what we are doing here. To name but one exam-ple, China is worried, which should tell us something. According to a Wall Street Journal story printed last week, China sees these tax plans as making the United States a much more attrac-tive place to invest, which means less investment will occur in China. One of-ficial in Beijing has called our tax plan a huge and imminent danger that can’t be ignored. China is worried that job creators will relocate here in America, which is a well-founded concern and one of the goals of this tax bill. That is exactly what they will do when we lower the corporate rate and go to a territorial system. Rather than taxing these businesses twice and encouraging them to keep the money they earn and the jobs they create overseas, we en-courage them to bring them back to America by making our businesses more internationally competitive. So to summarize what we are seeing already, and we haven’t even passed the bill yet—the conference report, at least—we have passed the Senate bill, the House bill, and now the conference report, which is the reconciled version between the House and the Senate versions, was released Friday. To summarize what we have seen al-ready, nationally, manufacturers are raving about the tax plan. In places like Texas, small businesses des-perately need the relief this bill offers. The Federal Reserve, an independent financial body of the Federal Govern-ment, has increased their growth esti-mates, in part, based upon the tax re-lief provided in this bill. And our chief competitor in the global economy is startled by what we are doing and afraid of what it might mean in terms of America’s competitiveness globally. Put all this together and what do you have? A brief snapshot of the huge eco-nomic impact of the tax overhaul that will be signed by the President in the next few days. Signs of that impact are all around us, almost everywhere I look. I know of at least one major airline— Southwest Airlines—that has already announced big plans as to what they plan to do with their tax savings. With the benefits afforded by this tax re-form, they said that they will purchase new aircraft. Well, this means more jobs for the people who build those air-craft. It means more jobs for the pilots and the flight attendants who travel on them. It means better customer experi-ences, and it may even mean lower fares for consumers. Let’s talk about what this bill does for Americans who get up and go to work every day and just try to eke out a living, providing for their families. Well, I will tell you, for those worried about how tax reform will affect real people’s actual lives, let me give you a couple of concrete examples. Let’s take a single teacher making $50,000 a year. She will see a significant reduction in her tax burden—between 17 and 20 per-cent—less taxes that she will have to pay. This comes from a lower marginal rate and a higher standard deduction. How about a married couple with three children and with median earnings of $75,000 a year? Well, their tax bill will decrease, as well, by as much as $2,000 from a lower rate and a higher child tax credit. As I have said before, maybe some of our Democratic friends don’t believe this is a big deal; maybe they don’t care about those American families liv-ing paycheck to paycheck, who would welcome an additional $2,000 each year. Their actions make me think they are OK with the status quo because they have refused to even participate in the process, and they have been rooting for failure every step along the way. Well, we saw the latest example of this over the weekend when a leftwing website, masquerading as a legitimate news outlet, led by a former staffer of the junior Senator from Vermont, pub-lished what it advertised as a breaking news story about the final bill. This story breathlessly claimed, without a shred of evidence, that a provision had been airdropped into the final draft in secret in order to secure the vote of a Member who would supposedly person-ally benefit from it. This is a salacious tale from beginning to end. It was also completely false and invented. As a member of the Senate Intel-ligence Committee, I have joined with my colleagues over the last year to in-vestigate the efforts of Russian intel-ligence operatives to undermine public confidence in our last elections. Well, the way this phony news story broke and was picked up on social media and in the mainstream media would make a Russian intelligence officer proud. The whole purpose of this exercise—this false and invented story—was to under-mine public confidence in this tax re-form package that we will pass, per-haps as early as tomorrow, to be signed by the President, perhaps before Christmas. Some of our friends on the other side of the aisle and their allies in the so- called mainstream media ran with it in a dishonest attempt to derail us from passing the bill and undermine the rep-utation or integrity of one of our fel-low Senators—all from a made-up story. Again, the Russian intelligence officials—it is well-documented by now—through a combination of cyber theft, propaganda, creative use of so-cial media, and a gullible mainstream media, undermined American con-fidence in our most basic obligation, an institution of our government, which is our election system. But what we saw happen this weekend, as I said, would have made a Russian intelligence offi-cer proud. As a letter from Chairman H
ATCH , who is chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, makes clear today, this website, which, by the way, also posted a false report about an amendment I had introduced several weeks ago and later had to correct it, spread a false story irresponsibly and dishonestly. In his letter, Chairman H
ATCH writes: 
It takes a great deal of imagination—and likely no small amount of partisanship—to argue that a provision that has been public for over a month, debated on the floor of the House of Representatives, included in a House-passed bill, and identified by [the Joint Committee on Taxation] as an issue re-quiring compromise between conferees is somehow a covert and last-minute addition to the conference report. 
It reminds me of another quote some-times attributed to Mark Twain, per-haps apocryphally, who supposedly said: A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is still put-ting on its shoes. Well, a lie can travel even faster than that today because of social media. Shame on those who would perpet-uate lies in an effort to deny the Amer-ican people a much needed tax cut and tax relief. Thank goodness that atti-tude isn’t shared by most Americans and by the Texans I represent who want and deserve much better than the same old same old. They don’t believe we have to settle for the status quo. We are going to give them something bet-ter. We are going to keep our promise, and I can’t wait until this bill gets on the President’s desk. Let me just close by saying that I am a proud son of a World War II veteran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.006 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8056 December 18, 2017 
My dad was in the Army Air Corps, flew B–17s out of Molesworth Air Force Base in England over Nazi Germany during the end of World War II. He was a member of the 8th Air Force, 303rd Bomb Group. On his 26th mission, he was shot down and captured as a pris-oner of war. Thank goodness he sur-vived, came home, met my mom, mar-ried, raised a family, and became a pro-ductive member of civilian society after his military service. But I re-member, as if it were yesterday, what my parents said they wanted for me, my brother, and my sister. It is what parents of that entire generation want-ed for their children and grandchildren. They wanted to know that their sac-rifice, their willingness to fight and win America’s wars against terrible ty-rants, such as Adolph Hitler—that the consequence of their sacrifice and their service would be a better standard of living, a safer world, and a better qual-ity of life. In short, what they wanted for us and what I want for my children and what I believe every American par-ent wants for their child or their chil-dren is exactly what my parents want-ed for me and my sister and my broth-er. We sometimes call that the Amer-ican dream. Some of us believe that the American dream is still alive, that we don’t have to settle for second place. We don’t have to settle for the status quo. We don’t have to settle for flat wages and fewer jobs. We can do better. We be-lieve we have done better in this piece of legislation, which will help re-awaken the slumbering giant of the American economy. It will put Ameri-cans back to work. It will mean more take-home pay. It will mean a better standard of living, but, surprisingly— and disappointingly—our colleagues across the aisle want no part of it. I hope they haven’t given up on that American dream. I haven’t given up, and I don’t believe Americans have given up on that dream. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the letter from Chairman H
ATCH be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CORKER : Thank you for your letter dated yesterday. I am disgusted by press reports that have distorted one particular aspect of the con-ference agreement on H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The reports have focused on the final version of the 20 percent pass- through deduction, the proposed new Section 199A. As the author of this provision and the vice chairman of the conference committee, I can speak with authority about the process by which the conference committee reached its final position. There are two false assertions contained in these reports, and I would like to correct the record on both. First, some have asserted that a new provi-sion was crafted for real estate developers and was ‘‘airdropped’’ into the conference agreement. Second, reports have implied that you had some role in advocating for or negotiating the inclusion of this provision. Both assertions are categorically false. With respect to the second, I am unaware of any attempt by you or your staff to contact anyone on the conference committee regard-ing this provision or any related policy mat-ter. To the contrary, virtually all the con-cerns you had raised in the past about the treatment of pass-through businesses in tax reform were to voice skepticism about the generosity of various proposals under consid-eration. The first claim—that a new pass-through proposal was created out of whole cloth and inserted into the conference report—is an ir-responsible and partisan assertion that is belied by the facts. For more than a year, tax-writers in the House and Senate have worked to craft legislation that not only provided relief for ‘‘C’’ corporations, but also delivered equitable treatment for pass- through businesses. Though the two cham-bers came at this issue from different angles, our goal was the same: To provide tax relief to pass-through businesses at a level similar to that provided to regular ‘‘C’’ corporations. This policy goal was confirmed in the Uni-fied Framework for Fixing Our Broken Tax Code, which provided in part: ‘‘TAX RATE STRUCTURE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES The framework limits the maximum tax rate applied to the business income of small and family owned businesses conducted as sole proprietorships, partner-ships and S corporations to 25%. The frame-work contemplates that the committees will adopt measures to prevent the re-character-ization of personal income into business in-come to prevent wealthy individuals from avoiding the top personal tax rate.’’ The House Ways Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee achieved this mutual goal by different means. Section 1004 of the House bill provided a special tax rate for pass-through income and included a ‘‘prove-out’’ option for capital-intensive businesses. Chairman Brady unveiled this ap-proach on November 2nd, more than six weeks ago. The Senate took a different approach, achieving the intended rate relief through a deduction patterned after current law Sec-tion 199. We also included measures to ensure that compensation could not be easily gamed into business income in order to qualify for the deduction. Similar to Section 199, the de-duction in the Senate bill excluded com-pensation and guarantee payments to owners and was limited to 50 percent of compensa-tion paid to employees, with an exception for small pass-through businesses, including service providers. The Senate bill did not in-clude a prove-out option for capital-inten-sive businesses like the one contained in the House bill. The Joint Committee on Taxation (‘‘JCT’’), the non-partisan congressional scorekeeper for tax legislation, released a side-by-side summary of the two bills for conferees. That summary, dated December 7, 2017 and available on JCT’s website (JCX 64– 17), described the House position in part: ‘‘In the case of a capital-intensive busi-ness, a taxpayer may ‘‘prove out’’ a capital percentage by electing the application of an increased percentage for the taxable year it is made and each of the next four taxable years. The applicable percentage is deter-mined by dividing (1) the specified return on capital for the activity for the taxable year, by (2) the taxpayer’s net business income de-rived from that activity for that taxable year.’’ It takes a great deal of imagination—and likely no small amount of partisanship—to argue that a provision that has been public for over a month, debated on the floor of the House of Representatives, included in a House-passed bill, and identified by JCT as an issue requiring a compromise between conferees is somehow a covert and last- minute addition to the conference report. I have sat on a number conference commit-tees, too numerous to remember. In each case, conferees have come into the con-ference expecting to achieve their chamber’s position or negotiate a reasonable com-promise. This conference committee was no exception. The House entered the conference with an interest in preserving, in some form, the prove-out alternative as an option for capital-intensive taxpayers. Through several rounds of negotiations, the House secured a version of their proposal that was consistent with the overall structure of the com-promise. The prove-out alternative included in the conference report was derived from the House provision and is the product of a nego-tiation between the House and Senate tax- writing committees. It is that simple. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me. Very Truly Yours, ORRIN G. H ATCH , Chairman, Senate Finance Committee. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KING. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DEADLINES  
Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise today to talk not about legislation or about the tax bill—well, I may talk about the tax bill a little—but I do wish to talk about deadlines and how we all do our work, whether it is in the Senate, in our businesses, or in our per-sonal lives. I wish to talk about dead-lines missed and deadlines that don’t exist. One of the realities of this place that I think is very unfortunate is that we rarely make our deadlines. These are self-imposed deadlines. These are dead-lines that we create. We pass a law that says something has to happen by September 30. We set the deadline, and then we don’t make it. Most notoriously, it happens with budgets. I don’t know the last time we had a budget on time. I think it is about 17 years ago. I suspect there are probably less than a dozen Senators in this Chamber who were here when we last passed a budget on time. There is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.007 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8057 December 18, 2017 
no excuse for that. The problem is that when we put it off, we don’t know any-thing more than we did at the time of the deadline. We could have done it, and yet, because we are able to, we put it off. That is human nature, unfortu-nately. Who among us would not have put off the deadline for a book report if we could have said to the teacher: Gee, I don’t think I can make that Monday morning deadline. I will just do my book report on Tuesday. Life doesn’t work that way. In the real world, there are deadlines. There are consequences if you don’t get your work done on time. Things happen, and if you don’t get your work done on time, usually, those things that happen are bad. I don’t know where else, other than in this body, where deadlines, which have enormous implications and enormous importance, are simply ig-nored. I just sat down in the last day or so and put together real deadlines that we have in the law right now. What are they? Well, the Children’s Health In-surance Program’s deadline is Sep-tember 30, 2017. That is gone. That has passed. I can give you 23,000 reasons that we should have met that deadline. That is the number of young people in Maine who are covered by the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, and there are 9 million nationwide. But we missed the deadline. Why? I can’t find any reason. We don’t know anything now that we didn’t know in the middle of September or in August when we could have passed this program, but we just blew right by it. Maybe it is be-cause none of our kids are in this pro-gram. I venture to say that if the chil-dren of the Members of the Senate were in the CHIP program, we would have met that deadline, but we didn’t. What is another one? Community health centers had another deadline of September 30, which was missed. I will give you 200,000 reasons that we should have met that deadline. That is the number of people in my State of Maine who are served by federally qualified health centers. I was at one just on Friday. They serve people who other-wise wouldn’t get care. They fill an enormous gap, particularly in a rural State, to provide healthcare to people who need it, but we didn’t make the deadline. There was no particular rea-son not to make this deadline. We just blew right by it. It was not all that im-portant. I venture to say that if our families were covered under this pro-gram, we would have gotten it done. No Senators’ families are covered by feder-ally qualified health centers. If they had been, we would have gotten it done. Of course, the granddaddy of all of deadlines mentioned is the budget: Oc-tober 1, 2017. We missed it—no dead-line. We just went right by it. Nothing happened. Well, what we did was to pass a continuing resolution. A con-tinuing resolution really should be called a ‘‘cop-out resolution.’’ It is ba-sically saying that we are not going to make the hard decisions in a budget. We are just going to push them forward for a month or two. But the problem is that the month or two comes. In fact, it is coming this Friday, and now we are talking about another continuing resolution to go into January or Feb-ruary. No business would do this. Fam-ilies can’t even do this. Some time ago, I was the Governor of Maine. I remember vividly. I can prac-tically tell you where I was standing in my office. We have a deadline in Maine of July 1 for our budget. We always make it. Members of the legislature of one of the parties came to me. They were having a hard time getting a budget. It was very contentious, as it is every year. He said: Governor, let’s just do a continuing resolution like they do in Washington, and we can solve this problem in the next 2 weeks. I said: Not on your life, because if we do, once we open the Pandora’s box of continuing resolutions in Maine or in Iowa or in Mississippi or Florida, then we are stuck. We will never get a budg-et on time again because it is too easy to put off the hard decisions. What do we know now about the budget that we didn’t know in August? What will we know in January that we don’t know now? By the way, a continuing resolution for the entire budget is bad for the gov-ernment and disastrous for national se-curity. I serve on the Armed Services Committee. We have hearings both from our civilian leadership and our military leadership, and they have told us repeatedly: Please get us a budget. The continuing resolution doesn’t allow us to plan. It locks us into last year’s priorities. It doesn’t allow us to look forward and make commitments that will save the taxpayers money if we have the authority. It is a disaster for national security, but a deadline was missed on September 30. It looks like we are going to miss another dead-line on December 22, and we will be here talking about funding the govern-ment, doing the budget, sometime in January or maybe in February. There is no reason for it. There is no reason for it except that we are simply avoid-ing making difficult decisions. The next one is DACA, or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. The real deadline started on October 6. That is when people started to lose the ability to re-up their qualifications for DACA. Over 100 people a day are losing their DACA status. In the last week it has been, I think, something like 1,700—in the last week or 10 days. These are peo-ple who are going to go into the holi-days unsure about whether they are going to be able to continue to live in this country. These are young people, as we all know. This is the only coun-try they know. They were brought here as little kids. They weren’t illegal im-migrants. They were brought here as children, and they are contributing to our society, and they are working and paying taxes. But we missed the dead-line starting in October. Now, even the President said we should fix this program, and he gave us 6 months. He said: I am going to dis-allow the program, but not until March 5, 2018. I don’t know whether it is legal to bet in the District of Columbia, but I would be willing to bet that we are still struggling with this question on March 4, 2018. I deeply hope not be-cause lives are being toyed with here unnecessarily. We could make the deci-sions now. We could decide to reach a compromise agreement on this pro-gram, which Members of both sides of the aisle think needs to be done, in-cluding the President. Let’s get it done. But it is one more missed dead-line. Next is the National Flood Insurance Program, with a deadline of December 22, which is 4 days from now. I don’t think we are going to make it. If ever there was a time of importance for the National Flood Insurance Program, it is now. We have had enormous flooding issues with the hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Is-lands. Yet the flood insurance program expires on December 22. Why don’t we get it done? Because it is not our houses. It is not our houses that are at risk to get the flood insurance. I sus-pect if we had the houses that were part of this problem, it would be solved. Medicare extenders expire on Decem-ber 31 of this year. Are we going to get those done? I deeply hope so, but I am not so sure. FISA section 702, one of the most im-portant national intelligence provi-sions that we have, also expires at the end of the year. Are we going to get that done? I deeply hope so, but I am not optimistic. Next, we have the wildfires and FEMA disaster aid for Harvey, Irma, Maria, and the wildfires. These are huge disasters. We have partially fund-ed them, but certainly not to the point that is going to be required. Those deadlines were all this fall. At the bottom of my chart of prior-ities is tax reform. Boy, are we going to make that deadline. The only prob-lem is that it doesn’t exist. There is no deadline for that. There was no dead-line. It is not December 22. It is not Christmas. It is not New Year’s. It is a self-imposed deadline that is not in law anywhere. I agree that we need to do tax re-form, but we have been doing it on an unprecedented scale and speed that is unnecessary. We have missed and ig-nored all these real deadlines in ex-change for focusing all of our attention on a fake deadline. Sure, it would be nice to get it done, and we could have gotten it done. It could have been done on a bipartisan basis. We could have started last summer, and we would have had a bill just like the bill that emerged from the HELP Committee with regard to healthcare, on a bipar-tisan basis. But instead it was a closed process, done with unprecedented speed, with virtually no hearings—well, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.009 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8058 December 18, 2017 
no hearings, no real hearings on the bill, no serious outside experts, no analysis of what is in it. We have been given a 500-page bill that we are going to vote on in probably a day or so. Yet we are racing to meet a deadline that didn’t exist. It is boring to talk about process, but that is what I am really talking about today. I just don’t understand an insti-tution that doesn’t make its real dead-lines and yet races and throws every-thing aside to try to make a deadline that just came out of the air. It is not in any law, any rule, any expectation— let’s do it by Christmas or by the end of the year. It is no way to run a busi-ness, and it is certainly no way to run the government on behalf of the Amer-ican people. I have never been in an institution or in a group of people who are as capable as the people who are here, and I find it genuinely puzzling as to why we per-form so poorly and why the public opinion of us is so low. These are good people on both sides of the aisle. Yet something about the way this institu-tion works keeps us from meeting the rules and expectations that the rest of society takes for granted, such as mak-ing deadlines, doing your job, doing what you are paid to do. One of the most fundamental respon-sibilities is to pass a budget. We have members of our Appropriations Com-mittee who have been working for a year to put the budget together. It is done, and we could do this, but instead we are putting it off and putting it off and putting it off. I wouldn’t be sur-prised if, come January or February— assuming we don’t make it by this Fri-day—there are going to be people who say: Let’s just do a continuing resolu-tion for the rest of the year—a cop-out resolution, a nonresolution, a nondeci-sion on behalf of the people of this country. I think we can do better. I think we can begin to regain the trust of the American people by going back and doing things the way we are supposed to according to the old norms, with hearings and considerations and mak-ing deadlines and meeting our obliga-tions to our citizens and to our coun-try. I deeply hope that as the year turns, we also make a turn and that we make a turn to do this place better, to do our work that the American people hired us to do, to do it on a timely basis, and to meet our responsibilities. I believe we can do it. I believe we can do it bet-ter, and I deeply hope that we do so. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS BILL  
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I rise to express my support for the con-ference agreement on the Tax Cuts and Job Act, the first major overhaul of our Tax Code since 1986. This legisla-tion will provide tax relief to working families, encourage the creation of jobs right here in America, and spur eco-nomic growth that will benefit all Americans. Let me start by discussing the effects of this bill on individuals and families. Throughout this debate, I have empha-sized that reforms to our outdated Tax Code must help working families. I, therefore, authored three key amend-ments that were retained in the final package. My amendments allow families to de-duct up to $10,000 in State and local taxes, increase the deduction for med-ical expenses, and protect tax-free con-tributions for retirement savings. The original Senate bill would have eliminated the deduction known as SALT that allows taxpayers to avoid paying a Federal tax on State and local taxes that they have already paid. This provision has been in the Tax Code since 1913, when the income tax was first established. It is intended to pre-vent double taxation. My amendment, which was adopted by the Senate, re-stored the deduction for property taxes up to $10,000. I am pleased that the final bill goes a step further by allow-ing the deduction of property and in-come or sales taxes up to this level, which will assist even more Americans. My work to restore this deduction is especially important to families living in high-tax States like Maine, which has one of our Nation’s highest tax bur-dens; yet Maine’s per capita income ranks only 31st, which is nearly $5,200 below the U.S. average. Maintaining this deduction therefore provides im-portant tax relief for those Mainers who itemize. My second amendment included in the conference agreement is a very im-portant one. It is aimed at helping Americans struggling with high, unre-imbursed healthcare costs, including seniors paying for long-term care for a loved one and those with expensive chronic healthcare conditions. My amendment lowers the threshold for claiming this deduction for these unre-imbursed expenses from 10 percent to 7.5 percent of income for 2017 and 2018. The House bill would have eliminated this longstanding deduction used by approximately 8.8 million Americans annually, nearly half of whom make less than $50,000 per year. Retaining this important deduction and lowering the threshold will provide relief for those experiencing particularly high healthcare costs. That is why AARP and 44 other consumer groups strongly endorsed my amendments, stating: ‘‘It provides important tax relief which helps offset the costs of acute and chronic medical conditions for older Americans, children, pregnant women, disabled individuals and other adults, as well as the costs associated with long-term care and assisted living.’’ At a time when we need to be encour-aging Americans to save more for their retirement, I am encouraged that the final agreement preserves the pretax contribution limits for retirement sav-ings plans. We are in the midst of a si-lent but looming retirement security crisis in this country. According to the nonpartisan Center for Retirement Re-search, there is a $7.7 trillion gap be-tween the savings that American households need to maintain their standard of living in retirement and what they actually have saved. We should be doing everything we can to encourage more saving, not less. For this reason, I am pleased that the final bill will include my third amend-ment, which struck the original Senate language eliminating the ability of public employees, such as firefighters, schoolteachers, and police officers, as well as clergy and those employed by charities and nonprofit organizations, to make what are called catch-up con-tributions to their retirement ac-counts. These employees are generally paid less than their counterparts em-ployed by for-profit companies and thus are less able to save for their re-tirement. My provision would allow them to continue making these impor-tant extra investments toward a secure retirement. The conference agreement benefits lower and middle-income taxpayers significantly, while simplifying the tasks that no one relishes of com-pleting their tax returns. Significantly, this bill nearly doubles the standard deduction to $12,000 for single filers and $24,000 for those filing jointly. The child tax credit will be doubled from $1,000 to $2,000. Thanks to Senator RUBIO’s efforts, which I strong-ly supported, up to $1,400 of that tax credit will be refundable in order to benefit low-income families. Let’s be more concrete. What do these reforms mean to families across our country? The 72 percent of Mainers who already use the standard deduc-tion will have their taxes reduced. A family with $24,000 in income will pay no Federal income tax. A single mom earning $35,000 a year with one child will see her taxes drop by nearly 4,000 percent. Instead of paying money back to Washington, she will be getting back nearly $1,100 to help her make ends meet. A couple with no children earn-ing $60,000 will see their taxes fall by more than $900. A couple with two chil-dren earning $60,000 will get a tax cut of about $1,700. That is a reduction of more than 100 percent. The bottom line is that most Maine households will see their taxes go down. I was very concerned about a number of important deductions for individuals that would have been eliminated under the House bill. Having worked at Husson University in Bangor before my election to the Senate, I am well aware of how critical education deductions and credits are to our students and their families; there-fore, I had several fruitful discussions with a key conferee, Senator R
OB P
ORTMAN , about preserving those de-ductions that help students afford higher education. I appreciate his strong advocacy for these provisions that I care so much about as a result of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.011 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8059 December 18, 2017 
my direct experience working with col-lege students. In fact, one of the very first bills that I introduced in the Sen-ate as a new Senator in 1997 was to pro-vide a deduction for interest paid on student loans. The conference agree-ment maintains that deductibility of interest on student loans, as well as the tax exemption for employer-pro-vided tuition assistance and for grad-uate student tuition waivers. All of those important deductions are main-tained in this bill and will help Ameri-cans improve their earnings because of the increased education they will have. The bill also maintains a $250 deduc-tion—a provision I authored some 15 years ago—that allows teachers to de-duct the costs of classroom supplies they purchase with their own money. Having visited more than 200 schools in the State of Maine, I know firsthand how dedicated teachers dig deep into their own pockets to buy supplies to enhance the education of their stu-dents. In addition, this bill would modernize the ABLE accounts, which are tax-pre-ferred savings accounts essential for providing long-term support for indi-viduals with disabilities and their fam-ilies. The bill also continues the tax credit to encourage adoptions. The final agreement also preserves a number of deductions and credits that are so important to our communities. I worked hard to preserve the historic tax credit so businesses rehabilitating older buildings in communities like Lewiston, ME, will continue to do so. I am also pleased that private activ-ity bonds, which are vital to many hos-pitals and institutions of higher edu-cation, are continued, as are the afford-able housing and new markets tax credits. We have found proven ways to encourage public-private partnerships, and we ought to continue to incentivize these important partner-ships. How this legislation treats employers has also been the subject of much de-bate, but the reality is the United States cannot continue to have the highest corporate tax rate in the devel-oped world at 35 percent. We are losing jobs as businesses make the calculation to invest overseas. I have talked to the executives of General Dynamics, which owns Bath Iron Works in Maine and employs more than 5,000 Mainers; to United Tech-nology, which employs more than 1,900 people in North Berwick at its Pratt & Whitney plant; to General Electric, which has a major plant in Bangor; to Proctor & Gamble, which employs 400 workers in Auburn; and to Idexx, which is such an important high-tech em-ployer in Westbrook, about the positive difference this legislation will make in their ability to create jobs in America. New Balance, which has about 900 workers in Maine manufacturing foot-wear, describes the tax reforms as fol-lows: ‘‘New Balance will be more com-petitive and manufacture more foot-wear in Maine that we can export across the globe.’’ This significant Maine employer went on to say: ‘‘Companies like New Balance, which already has a strong domestic manufacturing presence, will be able to increase investments in their facilities and be more globally com-petitive while remaining a U.S. com-pany hiring U.S. workers.’’ These words are echoed by the man-ager of the Pratt & Whitney plant who wrote to me: ‘‘The reforms . . . will allow companies like ours to bring home earnings from abroad to invest in research and development, advanced manufacturing, energy efficiency, and workforce initiatives. . . . Pratt & Whitney plans to hire thousands of people over the next several years across our U.S. operations, and this tax reform will further support our ef-forts.’’ Isn’t that what we seek? Isn’t that what tax reform should bring about— more jobs, right here in America? The bill also includes changes impor-tant for our small businesses which employ nearly half of all workers and generate two out of three net new jobs in our country. They are the true en-gine of our economy, especially in the great State of Maine. The bill would provide tax relief that enables them to create more jobs, increase paychecks, and grow our economy. As the president of the Retail Asso-ciation of Maine recently commented about this tax reform bill, ‘‘For Maine and its nearly 9,000 retail establish-ments and the more than 80,000 retail jobs, this is welcome relief for small businesses.’’ According to the National Federation of Independent Business, Maine ranks fifth in the Nation for the share of workers employed by passthrough busi-nesses, as most small employers are structured. The NFIB, our Nation’s small business advocacy group, has strongly endorsed this final bill. Small businesses make an outsized contribution to our Nation’s economy; yet they face a tax burden that can reach nearly 40 percent at the Federal level and can be significantly higher than the corporate tax rates paid by larger firms. Small businesses are forced to devote more resources to tax payments and fewer resources to cre-ating good jobs and investing in their communities. This bill provides impor-tant tax relief to small businesses that are the backbone of our economy. Let’s listen to the words of some of the small businesses from Maine that have written or talked to me. The owner of Windham Millwork, an archi-tectural woodworking company, de-scribed the relief for small businesses and how it will help manufacturing workers and families this way: ‘‘Most importantly, it means Windham Mill-work will have more money to spend on what matters—our workers and community. With the money we’ll save, we can create new jobs or offer better pay to our workforce . . . which helps everyone in our community and contributes to a growing Maine econ-omy.’’ The innkeeper of the Nonantum Re-sort in Kennebunkport noted: ‘‘This tax reform bill helps level the playing field for small businesses not only in the hotel industry, but across the econ-omy. With a lower tax burden, small businesses in all industries can con-tinue to grow, creating more jobs.’’ Moreover, a family-owned business in southern Maine described for me how the bill would benefit Maine companies and the people who work for them: ‘‘When [companies] become more prof-itable, they reinvest faster, grow fast-er, and increase profit-sharing. Em-ployees benefit when companies grow. There are more jobs, more opportuni-ties, more security, more mobility, more innovation.’’ Tax reform should spur this kind of economic growth. The weak growth and stagnant wages we have seen in re-cent years cannot be accepted as the new normal for our country. It is clear where the current path would lead if we do not act. CBO projects the current slow growth of just 1.9 percent per year will continue throughout the next dec-ade—far below the historic average of 3 percent. This would result in our public debt exceeding 90 percent of GDP by 2027, just as our obligations to the baby boom generation begin to crest. Surely, we can do better. Tax relief and reform will lift our economy, lead-ing to higher wages for workers and more revenue for government. Extrapo-lating from a CBO estimate, an in-crease of just four-tenths of 1 percent in economic growth could produce rev-enues that are in excess of $1 trillion over the next 10 years. If we remain on our present trajec-tory, however, growth will remain stagnant. Continued slow growth will crowd out many funding priorities, harm our national security, place sig-nificant strain on Federal programs, and impose a burden on our children and our grandchildren. We must act now to reignite the engine of growth, to provide for the next generation the same promise of a brighter future we received from those who came before us. Finally, let me discuss the critical issue of healthcare. It has been deeply disturbing to see seniors frightened about the possibility that this tax bill could trigger an automatic 4-percent cut in the vital Medicare Program. Al-though I knew that the law that could cause this reduction has been waived 16 times, I felt it was essential that our leaders publicly commit that Medicare reductions would not be triggered by this legislation. I don’t know of any Senator on either side of the aisle who is seeking to have an automatic 4-per-cent cut in Medicare go into effect. I ask unanimous consent that my ex-change of correspondence with the Sen-ate majority leader be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my state-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.012 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8060 December 18, 2017 
This pledge is ironclad and, I hope, reassuring to our seniors. I am also concerned about the inclu-sion of the repeal of the individual mandate of the Affordable Care Act as part of this tax bill. I don’t think the two issues should have been combined, but let me be very clear: I have never supported the individual mandate. There is a big difference between fining people who choose to go without health insurance versus the bills considered last summer and fall that would have taken away insurance coverage from people who have it and want it. Those bills also would have made sweeping cuts in the Medicaid Program. The financial penalty under the indi-vidual mandate for failing to comply with it falls disproportionately on lower-income Americans. Eighty per-cent of those who pay the fine make under $50,000 a year. For many of these individuals, the cost of insurance under the ACA is simply unaffordable. Indi-viduals making 250 percent of the Fed-eral poverty level—that is just over $30,000—are not eligible for the sub-sidies to reduce deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs that are known as the cost-sharing reductions. So, essen-tially, the insurance they are being fined for, if they don’t buy, is virtually useless to them because the deductibles and the copays are so high, and if they make over 250 percent of the poverty level—over $30,000 a year—they cannot afford it. I want to make an important point that has been overlooked in this de-bate. Any Senator, Democratic or Re-publican, could have offered an amend-ment on the Senate floor to strike the repeal of the individual mandate. None—not one—chose to do so. That is telling, indeed, and reflects both how unpopular the mandate is and how bur-densome its impact is. Nevertheless, repealing the indi-vidual mandate without other healthcare reforms will almost cer-tainly lead to further increases in the costs of health insurance premiums that are already too expensive under the ACA. For these reasons, I have made it a priority to secure passage of two bipar-tisan bills that will help make health insurance more affordable. Shouldn’t that be a goal that all of us can em-brace? Both of these bills have the sup-port of the President, the Vice Presi-dent, and the Senate Republican lead-ers. In fact, Majority Leader M
CCON-
NELL and I engaged in a colloquy af-firming that commitment. The first bill, the Bipartisan Healthcare Stabilization Act, spon-sored by Senators A
LEXANDER and M
URRAY , will provide vital funding to help low-income families pay their out- of-pocket costs, including deductibles and copays associated with certain ACA health insurance. I am proud to be one of the 22 cosponsors of the bipar-tisan Alexander-Murray bill. The second is a bipartisan bill that I introduced with my friend and col-league Senator BILLNELSON . It would protect people with preexisting condi-tions while lowering the cost of health insurance through the use of high-risk pools. This plan will provide $5 billion annually for 2 years in seed money for States to establish invisible high-risk pools or traditional reinsurance pro-grams. We don’t have to guess about the im-pact. I am going to quote some actu-arial studies shortly. The fact is that we know from experience in States like Maine and Alaska that high-risk pools can help to lower premiums substan-tially, by an average of 20 percent. Analyses show that enactment of these two bills together will reduce the cost of health insurance, thus making it more affordable. According to anal-ysis by experts at Oliver Wyman, the passage of these bills will more than offset the premium increases caused by the repeal of the individual mandate. In fact, Oliver Wyman suggests in its estimate that the $5 billion in funding would be sufficient to allow States to leverage more than $15 billion in rein-surance coverage, and it would result in premiums that were more than 20 percent lower than if the individual mandate were repealed and the pack-age of provisions were not imple-mented. Furthermore, analysis by experts at Avalere project that ‘‘in combination, CSR funding and $5B in annual reinsur-ance could lower 2019 premiums by 18% and increase enrollment by 1.3M peo-ple.’’ The National Association of Insur-ance Commissioners wrote that these two bills would significantly reduce health insurance premiums and help promote more stability in insurance markets. The NAIC said: ‘‘Providing reliable federal funding to reimburse health insurance carriers for the Cost- Sharing Reduction (CSR) program as-sistance they give to low-income con-sumers and grants for states to estab-lish invisible high risk pools or reinsur-ance programs would reduce premium increases as much as 20 percent and could encourage some carriers to stay in the market.’’ In evaluating this bill, the question we should ask is not, Does this tax cut make Washington better off? The right question to ask is, Does this tax cut make the American people better off? The answer to that question is yes. The bill puts money back into the pockets of American taxpayers with tax cuts beginning January 1. As soon as the IRS updates withholding tables this winter, taxpayers will see the ben-efit of this bill in their paychecks. Over time, Americans will also see more benefit from this legislation in the form of higher wages. Businesses, small and large, will make the investments that will create more jobs. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I will cast my vote in support of the con-ference agreement on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. While it is by no means per-fect, on balance, this reform bill will provide much needed tax relief. It will benefit lower and middle-income fami-lies, while spurring the creation of good jobs and greater economic growth. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , Washington, DC, November 28, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL : I write to express my deep concerns with the Congressional Budget Office’s determination that an automatic four percent cut to Medi-care, estimated to be roughly $25 billion for fiscal year 2018, could be triggered by the passage of tax reform legislation as a result of the Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO) even though there is no intention for such a reduction to occur. Since I do not believe it is anyone’s inten-tion to allow automatic cuts to Medicare to occur, I urge swift action to waive the PAYGO requirements. Medicare provides es-sential benefits to our nation’s seniors, and we must remove immediately the threat that an automatic reduction in the program’s funding could occur. Since PAYGO was enacted, sixteen laws that would have otherwise triggered PAYGO’s automatic spending cuts have in-cluded provisions to exclude all or part of the law’s budgetary impact, including the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 that was enacted under the previous Administra-tion. I look forward to working with you to en-sure that no Medicare cuts are triggered under PAYGO, a goal I believe is supported by members on both sides of the aisle. Thank you for your attention to this critical issue. Sincerely, S
USAN M. C OLLINS , United States Senator. 
U.S. S ENATE , MAJORITY LEADER , Washington, DC, December 1, 2017. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR COLLINS : Thank you for your letter expressing concern about the across-the-board spending cuts. You will be pleased to know that Speaker Paul Ryan and I issued the following joint statement earlier today: ‘‘Critics of tax reform are claiming the leg-islation would lead to massive, across-the- board spending cuts in vital programs—in-cluding a 4-percent reduction in Medicare— due to the Pay-Go law enacted in 2010. This will not happen. Congress has readily avail-able methods to waive this law, which has never been enforced since its enactment. There is no reason to believe that Congress would not act again to prevent a sequester, and we will work to ensure these spending cuts are prevented.’’ Again, thank you. Sincerely, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, does the Senator from Maine need some more time? Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I thank Senator N
ELSON . I say, through the Chair, that is very gracious of the Senator. I have completed my state-ment. Thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.014 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8061 December 18, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, while the Senator from Maine is still here, let me just say what a great Sen-ator she is and what a pleasure it is to do business in a bipartisan way, as the two of us have now done for several years here in the Senate, including the legislation the Senator from Maine just talked about. I just want to say to the Senator from Maine that it is my hope, regard-ing the statements that have been made to the Senator, that these two pieces of legislation she referenced will be passed. I do believe the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , will honor that with regard to the Senate. It is this Senator’s concern that at the other end of the hall, in the House of Representatives, they may not honor that. I certainly hope the Senator feels like she has the statements of commit-ment by the leadership in the House of Representatives that they will do as Senator M
CCONNELL has indicated. Madam President, I wish to talk about the tax bill. Needless to say, you are going to hear a different version from me than my good friend and the very distinguished Senator from Maine, because last Friday night we got the conference agreement on the tax bill. You can wonder why it was held until late Friday night, when no-body was paying attention to the de-tails of the bill. What is becoming increasingly clear is that this tax bill is not for ordinary folks. It is going to give a few nuggets to the middle class, but that is to mask the true intent. The real purpose of the bill is to give huge tax cuts to multi-national corporations and to make it easier for them to shift jobs overseas. That is the bottom line. Right now, under current law, cor-porations that send jobs overseas have to pay taxes on the money they bring back into the United States, but now, what this new GOP tax bill says is that corporations that send jobs overseas can bring that money back to United States tax-free. Once this bill passes, companies will come under increasing pressure to take advantage of the tax savings in the bill by sending their jobs overseas to low-wage countries—par-ticularly those jobs that can’t already be automated. This is the exact opposite of what we should be doing. Instead of passing this version of the tax bill that will inevi-tably send American jobs overseas, we should be working on a bill that cuts taxes permanently for hard-working middle-class families. Supporters of the bill will argue that a lower corporate rate will encourage companies to keep jobs here. They will argue that, rather than going to a country with a higher corporate rate, America’s corporate rate will be lower. But that is ignoring the attraction that companies have to send jobs over-seas, because of cheaper wages and lower environmental standards. Take China. China has a corporate rate of 25 percent, except that they make exceptions for certain companies at 15 percent. So the 21 percent in this tax bill for corporations on income earned in the United States may still be higher than in China, and the pres-sure on corporations is to take it to a country that has lower environmental standards and lower wages. I think our friends on the other side of the aisle know this is a head fake. We are not fooled by this. We know what you are trying to do with this bill. The more people learn about it, the worse it looks. That is why they waited until Friday night to let the spotlight shine on it—so that over the weekend people weren’t paying a lot of attention. There is a reason why my friends on the other side of the aisle are in such a rush to get this passed. It is because they want to get it enacted before all of the new loopholes and sweetheart deals for the special interests and the bottom line of encouraging jobs to go overseas are discovered. And, starting right now, it is going to be discovered. It would be nice if our colleagues showed as much urgency for some of the other things we should be doing in the Senate, such as providing millions of kids with health insurance through the CHIP program or helping folks re-cover from the massive hurricanes this year, including the millions of people in Puerto Rico who are still without reliable electricity or drinking water. What about the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers in the United States who are here in a deportable status? That is what we ought to be worrying about. It has been over 3 months, going on 4 months, since Hurricanes Irma and Maria devastated the Puerto Rican is-land. It has been months since Harvey and Irma devastated farmers in Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico. While the Congress has passed two disaster sup-plemental funding packages, neither of them has included any relief for Flor-ida’s agricultural community. They are hanging on by a thread. They can hard-ly make payroll. They are having to lay off people. They desperately need our help, which I hope we are going to address in this next disaster aid fund-ing package. Instead of spending all of our energy on cutting corporate taxes and making it easier to send American jobs over-seas, we should be focused on reauthor-izing the Children’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP, so that 9 million chil-dren across the country, including nearly 400,000 in Florida, can continue to have access to the health coverage they desperately need. Or we should be negotiating permanent protections for the Dreamers before they are kicked out of the only country they have ever known. Unfortunately, the only thing this Republican-led Senate seems to care about is helping out large multi-national corporations. The truth is, these multinational corporations are doing just fine. We shouldn’t be moving Heaven and Earth—adding $1.5 trillion to the na-tional debt or upending our Nation’s healthcare system—just to make it easier for them to send American jobs overseas. That is not right. That is not fair. The American people deserve bet-ter. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. MORAN ). The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, first, I want to thank my friend Senator N
EL-
SONfor his comments from the floor in regard to the tax bill that we will be voting on later this week. The experi-ence I had this morning underscores the issues that Senator N
ELSON has brought to the floor. I had a meeting with the Greater Baltimore Com-mittee. We had business leaders, labor leaders; we had advocates from dif-ferent segments of our community; and we had graduate students there. They all expressed concern about our voting this week on a tax bill that we first saw on Friday evening—the latest version. It is still fundamentally flawed, as Senator N
ELSON has pointed out. I say that it is fundamentally flawed because it gives significant, big tax cuts to cor-porations and high-income taxpayers and leaves middle-income taxpayers footing the bill. The conference report makes it worse because they lower the highest tax rate from 39.6 percent to 37 percent—an-other advantage for high-income tax-payers. In addition, the estate tax is doubled, which affects 0.2 percent of the wealthiest people in this country. Corporations not only get the lower tax rates cut from 35 percent to 21 per-cent, but they also get relief from the alternative minimum tax. To make matters even worse, the tax relief for middle-income families is temporary, whereas the tax relief for businesses is made permanent. It is definitely a tax bill that is going to hurt middle-income taxpayers. In my own State, independent analysis shows that 800,000 Marylanders will end up paying more in taxes. Guess who is going to foot the bill, who is going to pay for the big deficit. If you look at the corporate tax cut alone, that is somewhere close to the $1.15 trillion we have been talking about, which is baked into the bill to increase the national debt by $1.5 tril-lion. I think that is unconscionable; I think it is unconscionable to say that we can afford tax cuts when we already have these large deficits that are going to make us borrow more money and make our economy more dependent. The truth is, even the Republicans are telling us, even with dynamic scor-ing, we are going to have a $1 trillion tax gap in the deficit. In reality, the $1.5 trillion is conservative. When you look at the individual tax relief, it is temporary; it expires. Some expire in 2 years. Most of my Republican friends have said: Just extend it. If you extend it, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.016 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8062 December 18, 2017 
there will be even a deeper hole in the deficit—closer to $2 trillion. Who is going to pay for that? Middle-income families are going to pay for it. They are not just being left out as far as tax relief is concerned; they are being asked to foot the bill for the tax cuts for corporations and high-income tax-payers. In addition, it will affect other ele-ments that middle-income taxpayers depend upon. This is a direct attack on Medicaid and Medicare. We see that. We saw that in the budget instructions, where we had to cut Medicare and Med-icaid. We see that in the pay-go rules. We see that the next chapter of this tax reform bill will be, well, now we have these deficits, and we have to pay for it. Who is going to be held respon-sible for paying for it? We know that it is going to affect our own budgets. I am now hearing that we are going to take it out on our own Federal workforce, deny them a pay raise for next year or have fewer Fed-eral workers to carry out their mission or make them pay more for benefits. We know that is going to come. The ar-gument is going to be that we have these large deficits now, and we have to do this. How are we going to respond to the issues Senator N
ELSON talked about on disaster relief when we have these large deficits? We know that we are going to be asking middle-income fami-lies not only to make a sacrifice on the tax cut, not only to pay for the deficit created directly by this but, also, in the future, to pay with cuts in govern-ment spending. In addition to that, we have 13 mil-lion Americans who will lose their health coverage under this bill because of the elimination of the individual mandate—13 million. That is going to affect 13 million families. It is going to affect more than that. Guess what these families do. They use emergency rooms rather than going to their fam-ily doctors. They enter the healthcare system in a more expensive way. They don’t have the money to pay for the visits, and it becomes part of uncom-pensated care. All of us pay higher pre-miums, and our healthcare system be-comes more expensive. That has been one of the bright spots of the Affordable Care Act—reducing the number of uninsured. Now we are going to be moving in the opposite di-rection. The Affordable Care Act has worked. The Republicans tried to dis-mantle it, and they couldn’t succeed. The worst part is, you are counting the loss of insurance of 13 million as a rev-enue gain for the Treasury and then spending that money. That is uncon-scionable. In Maryland, we have particular problems with this bill. Not only will we see a problem for the Federal work-force—a large number who live in Maryland—but also the State and local tax deductions. Maryland has the larg-est number of taxpayers who take ad-vantage of State and local tax deduc-tions on their Federal tax returns. In other words, you don’t have to pay a tax on a tax. That makes sense. It has been in our Tax Code since its begin-ning because we recognize federalism, and it is morally wrong to pay tax on tax. Maryland has the most taxpayers who take advantage of State and local tax deductions, close to 50 percent. The average for Maryland—this is the aver-age—is $12,900 that they deduct for State and local taxes. Under the con-ference report, that is going to be lim-ited to $10,000. That means the average Maryland taxpayer will have to pay taxes on $2,900 more, but think about all those who have a lot more in State and local taxes who are going to be de-nied that help. I was talking to some of our local government officials over the weekend. They are going to be disadvantaged by it. It was an interesting analysis. We don’t think about what this bill is going to do and all the consequences, but if you are in a State that has its own itemized deductions, like Mary-land—we have itemized deductions on our State income tax return, and our standard deduction will be signifi-cantly lower than the standard deduc-tion under this conference report. You are going to have Marylanders who are not going to be able to take their State deductions because you can’t take State deductions unless you use the Federal itemized deductions. It is estimated that nationwide only 5 percent of the taxpayers will be using itemized deductions. Guess what. If you don’t use the itemized deduction at the Federal level, you can’t take the State itemized deductions. This is going to have a direct impact on our State and local governments. Yet that hasn’t been considered. Quite frankly, the consequences of this bill haven’t been debated. We haven’t gone through public hearings because of the process that was used— the partisan process, called reconcili-ation. We haven’t seen daylight. We haven’t had a chance to know what the impact will be. What impact will it have on property values? We now limit property tax deductions, and we have a further limit on interest deductions on mortgages. What impact does it have on property values? What impact does the reduction of property values have on our economy, have on the individual values for people who have loans on their homes? Are we going to be cre-ating a problem? We don’t know be-cause we haven’t had any hearings on it. On Friday, I was with a group of non-profits that do very valuable work. They are worried about what impact this tax bill will have on charitable giving. When only 5 percent of the tax-payers in this country use itemized de-ductions, it means a great number of people who were able to take advan-tage of charitable deductions on their tax returns no longer will have that ability. Does that change their chari-table giving? If it changes their chari-table giving pattern, what does it do for nonprofits? If our nonprofits can’t do that, there is additional pressure on governmental services. Have we thought that out? I doubt we know the consequences. Yet we are not prepared to have hearings on this. One of the major issues that has had very little discussion is the pass-through. You have heard a lot about it. The reason for this is that 95 percent of American businesses don’t use cor-porate tax returns. They use passthroughs, S corporations, indi-vidual proprietorships, partnerships, et cetera. This bill provides a lower tax rate for their passthrough business in-come at 20 percent. Here is the prob-lem. In an effort to make sure that this isn’t a way of getting around paying taxes on salaries, there are certain guardrails that have been put into this bill based upon a person’s income, based upon the type of business they are in, based upon the assets of the business, based upon the amount of sal-aries that are paid in the business. And you are trying to tell me that can’t be manipulated in order to shelter in-come? We are creating a whole new in-dustry in sheltering income under this bill. I have heard so many of my col-leagues talk about the fact that we don’t want to outsource jobs. None of us want to outsource jobs. Having com-petitive rates helps us in that regard, but moving toward a territorial tax structure rewards companies for doing their business offshore. Even if tax rates might be the same, they can use labor costs, or some other costs, to outsource jobs. Have we thought about that under a territorial tax? No. Do we know what impact it will have? No. There are a lot of issues we don’t fully understand. We do know there are individual provisions put in here—for example, drilling in the Arctic. That, to me, should not be part of this bill. I worry about that being expanded to the Atlantic coast and other areas. I think we all should be concerned about it. The bottom line is this. When you do tax reform, you would hope you would simplify the Tax Code and make it pre-dictable. That is what I hear the most: Let’s simplify the Tax Code, and let’s make it predictable. Neither will be ac-complished with this conference re-port. With all these temporary tax pro-visions, you know that we are going to have to deal with extenders. You are not going to be able to plan as to whether this Tax Code will stand the test of time. If you think this is sim-plification, try to figure out whether you are eligible for the passthrough 20 percent on your business taxes. It is anything but simple. This bill fails in its principle test of helping middle-income families, which it does not do. It is for corporations, big corporations, and high-income peo-ple. It is fiscally irresponsible to add to the debt. It makes our Tax Code more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.017 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8063 December 18, 2017 
complicated and doesn’t give us the predictability we need in the Tax Code, and it should be rejected. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
COMPTON NOMINATION  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Paul Comp-ton, which came out of the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee. I might add that he is President Trump’s nominee to serve as general counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Mr. Compton is a longtime affordable housing and financial services attorney in the State of Alabama. Mr. Compton, if confirmed, would bring a deep famili-arity with affordable housing to the Of-fice of General Counsel. That part I like. With 11 million families paying over half their income for rent and with homelessness on the rise for the first time in years, a nominee who ap-preciates the importance of affordable housing could be a positive addition at HUD. Think about that. There are 11 million families who pay more than half their income on rent. In a book written by Matthew Desmond called ‘‘Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City,’’ the au-thor said of the people at that income level: When your paycheck comes, the rent eats first. Everything depends on being able to stay in your home and not being foreclosed on. When 11 mil-lion people pay over half their income on rent, homelessness is going to be on the rise. I appreciate Mr. Compton’s commit-ment to me during our Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs Committee hearing that he would look out for the interests of renters and homeowners if confirmed, but I am voting against him because I am concerned about the ad-ministration’s approach to fair housing protections and the role that he will likely play in helping to carry that out. I was troubled to learn that Sec-retary Carson had said that he plans to ‘‘reinterpret’’ HUD’s affirmatively fur-thering fair housing—or AFFH—rule. Since 1968, the Fair Housing Act has required HUD and its grantees to af-firmatively further fair housing. Unfor-tunately, in the 50 years since our country passed the Fair Housing Act, HUD has not provided enough direction to help communities meet this goal. A 2010 General Accountability Office report recommended that HUD improve its processes for meeting its obliga-tions to affirmatively further fair housing. In response, HUD developed a revised rule to finally help local gov-ernments across the country support and foster fair housing policies throughout their communities. The rule gives clearer guidance to communities to help them think in new ways about how to create housing opportunities for all of their residents regardless of race or religion or dis-ability or the size of their family. The rule helps them to assess their own fair housing needs, and it provides them publicly available data with which to inform their decisions while they set their own goals and timelines. Since its adoption 2-plus years ago, HUD has been working with commu-nities to implement the new guide-lines. That is the good news. The bad news is that the Secretary has said that he wants to reinterpret, but he is not elaborating on what he meant by his plan to reinterpret the rule. If the Secretary intends to reinterpret the rule in a way that undermines HUD’s efforts to help communities fulfill their longstanding obligations under this 50-year-old law, Mr. Compton will be called upon to carry out this vision. I voted against his nomination in committee because of my concern that he could help guide administration ef-forts to reverse progress on this fair housing rule. More recent activities by administration officials have only heightened the concerns that many of us have about their approaches to fair housing. In 2013, HUD issued its discrimina-tory effects rule. This rule formalized HUD’s longstanding prohibition against practices with discriminatory effects under the Fair Housing Act and provided uniform guidance for applying standards across the country. Because homeowners’ insurance is central to the ability to obtain hous-ing, HUD and the courts have held for decades that the Fair Housing Act ap-plies to discriminatory practices in in-surance—a very easy-to-understand, logical step. Nevertheless, insurance industry representatives sued to block HUD’s application of the discrimina-tory effects rule—also known as dis-parate impact—to their industry. HUD and the Department of Justice have been fighting this suit ever since. As general counsel, Mr. Compton would guide HUD’s enforcement and litiga-tion strategy. In response to a written question, Mr. Compton declined to provide his views on the discriminatory effects rule and whether it should apply to the insurance industry. He noted that ‘‘it would be inappropriate’’ for him to comment on the matter given the pending litigation. The administration, it seems, does not share his reluctance to comment on pending litigation. A month and a half ago, the Treasury Department issued a report entitled ‘‘A Financial System that Creates Economic Oppor-tunities—Asset Management and Insur-ance.’’ In this report, Treasury rec-ommends that HUD reconsider the use of the disparate impact rule. It is not that this administration de-cides to support the side of big insur-ance companies every time—maybe it doesn’t every time—but it seems like it almost always does. It did it in this case. Yet Mr. Compton thinks that he shouldn’t comment when other already confirmed Trump appointees have. The Treasury’s report sides with arguments that have been made by the insurance industry despite the fact that litiga-tion is pending, and HUD and the De-partment of Justice, at least until now, have been defending the rule. The next court date for the suit is scheduled for later this week. If the administration continues its drive to reconsider fair housing protec-tions that are opposed to by industry, Mr. Compton will likely be called upon to help the administration in its ef-forts. Because he declined to answer my question, we don’t know what his thinking will be. While I might be inclined to give Mr. Compton the benefit of the doubt, we have seen too many officials in this ad-ministration who are working against the missions of the agencies to which they have been appointed. Financial regulators so often come from Wall Street. Environmental regulators so often come from the chemical industry and the oil industry. We have seen it time and again. This is happening at a time when we see the administration taking steps to remove protections for average Ameri-cans and consumers in order to carry out the bidding of its supporters on Wall Street. These include sending in Mick Mulvaney, who once called the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau a ‘‘sick, sad joke.’’ He is now serving as its Director. It is his moonlighting job, as he is also the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. His first act as Director of the CFPB was to block the payments of funds that were owed to consumers—consumers who were cheated or wronged by Wells Fargo and other big banks or big finan-cial institutions. The consumers, in many cases, were servicemembers who had been cheated by these financial in-stitutions. On Mulvaney’s first day on the job, he said: No, we are not going to move forward in collecting those pen-alties and in paying those consumers and those servicemembers and those seniors and those families. I am concerned about this emerging effort to roll back protections for con-sumers. I hope that Mr. Compton proves me wrong. I hope that he is a strong advocate within the agency and the administration for fair housing, for consumer protection, and for affordable housing. When given the chance to demonstrate his commitment to fair housing, he took a pass. These matters are too important to far too many Americans for us to leave their futures to chance. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing Mr. Compton’s nomina-tion. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on behalf of Mr. Compton and to conclude my re-marks before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise in support of Paul Compton to serve as HUD’s next general counsel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.018 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8064 December 18, 2017 
Mr. Compton has dedicated his entire legal career to affordable housing and community development and for many years has headed the affordable hous-ing practice of a prominent Alabama law firm. Over his distinguished career, Mr. Compton has played a direct role in over 70 transactions that have led to the creation of more than 5,000 units of affordable housing throughout the Southeastern United States. Among peers, he has come to be recognized as an industry-leading expert on the low- income housing tax credit, the new markets tax credit, public-private partnerships, and the regulatory envi-ronment surrounding housing produc-tion. Mr. Compton’s extensive track record, his experience, and his intimate familiarity with HUD programs make him an ideal fit to join the leadership team at HUD. As general counsel, Mr. Compton will not only serve as the principal legal adviser to Secretary Carson, but he will have a hand in nearly every departmental initiative. Once confirmed, I look forward to working with Mr. Compton to find so-lutions to our Nation’s housing chal-lenges, to eliminate barriers to safe and affordable housing, and to reform our housing finance system. This confirmation vote is long over-due and is sorely needed. Following the storms that ravaged through Houston, Florida, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Is-lands, and elsewhere, HUD has been de-ployed on the frontlines, alongside FEMA and other agencies, and has worked to provide emergency and tran-sitional housing to the thousands of families who have been displaced. This work is far from over, and I urge this body to confirm Mr. Compton today, as well as to confirm the various other HUD nominees who are awaiting votes so that they can get to work for the American people. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Compton nomi-nation? Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
AP-
ITO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 62, nays 34, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 318 Ex.] YEAS—62 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—34 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Baldwin Capito Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON WEST NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the West nomination? Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 74, nays 23, as follows: The result was announced—- yeas 74, nays 23, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 319 Ex.] YEAS—74 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young NAYS—23 
Booker Brown Casey Cortez Masto Durbin Franken Gillibrand Harris Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Baldwin Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from West Virginia. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each and for debate only. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I come to the floor tonight, once again, to talk about this tax bill being rushed through the House and the Senate. This is the first time in 31 years that a tax bill of this magnitude has been con-sidered. I don’t refer to this as tax re-form because it is barely reforming anything. It seems a shame that we didn’t fol-low in the footsteps of what then-Presi-dent Reagan chose to do when he had the opportunity to reform the Tax Code. The bill he worked on, which was every bit as consequential as the one in front of us, commanded the vast major-ity of votes in this Chamber—Demo-crats and Republicans voting to-gether—after years of process, years of committee hearings, years of hearings even out in the country, listening to business owners, economists, and citi-zens talk about what they thought our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.020 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8065 December 18, 2017 
Tax Code needed to be competitive and to be fair to the American people. I would say through the Chair to the pages that I was in college when the last bill was passed. Now, 31 years later, we are on the verge of passing a bill in the Senate without one Demo-cratic vote—not a single one—and without a single hearing in the Senate Finance Committee, on which I serve— not a single hearing about the text of this bill, not a single hearing to tell the American people that, on the indi-vidual side of this bill, we are bor-rowing $34 billion from our kids to give a tax cut to the 572,000 taxpayers who are fortunate enough to make more than $1 million a year. That is 572,000 taxpayers who are fortunate enough to make $1 million a year. We think it is so essential that each one of them get a $59,000 tax cut that we are willing to borrow that money from our children to do it. We can’t think of a better use than that. A better use is not to give a tax cut to the middle class, because we know what those numbers look like in this bill. There are not a half million people who make $50,000 and less in this econ-omy. There are 90 million people. Those people are not getting $34 bil-lion. Those people are getting $13 bil-lion. If we do the math, it adds up to about $160, on average, per taxpayer making $50,000 or less, in the first year. That is the best year. So 2019 is the best year. That $160 per taxpayer works out to about $7.50 a paycheck. So we are justifying $34 billion going to 572,000 families because we say at the essence of this is a tax cut for the middle class that is worth $7.50. I think it is disgraceful to call this a middle- class tax cut. What is as disgraceful is the fact that we are blowing a $1.4 tril-lion hole in our deficit. There are people on the other side— and I grant them this—who say we will grow out of this and that the tax cut will pay for itself. This is exactly what President Bush said in 2001, when he cut taxes. It is exactly what he said in 2003, when he cut taxes. Remember that when George Bush became Presi-dent of this country, he inherited a projected surplus of $5.6 trillion. Then, he cut taxes and said it would pay for itself, in 2001. He cut taxes and said it would pay for itself, in 2003. We invaded Afghanistan. We invaded Iraq. Not only did he not ask the American people to pay for those wars, but the 2003 tax cut actually came after the invasion of Iraq. Today we have massive readiness problems with our military. Today we confront the potential for conflict on the Korean Peninsula. Today we con-front uncertainties in the Middle East and behavior by Russia that we need to worry about. Are we going to go in debt to give the wealthiest people in Amer-ica a tax cut they are not asking for? I am more sympathetic on the cor-porate side. I believe our corporate rate is too high. If we had worked in a bi-partisan way, I think we could have gotten to a deal that 75 or 80 people would have voted for. That would have been beneficial for two reasons. It would have represented more widely the American people’s view of what we ought to do here. I have heard the ma-jority leader on the floor talking about partisan efforts like this, and how they are doomed to fail because most of the American people will not support it. We can see that in the polling numbers on this bill. But we could have cut a deal that said: Let’s bring our cor-porate rate down to 25 percent. By the way, let’s get rid of some of those loop-holes. As for all of the stuff we said over the years about lowering the rate and broadening the base, let’s actually do that. That is not what this bill does. This bill cuts the corporate rate to 20 per-cent and leaves all of the loopholes in place. There is no broadening of the base. So if the effective rate today is actually in the low twenties, even though the published rate is 35 percent, the effective rate is going to be far below 20 percent if we don’t actually reform the Tax Code. I think there would have been bipar-tisan agreement about doing some-thing with the earned income tax cred-it or the child tax credit, as my col-league from Florida has tried to do to a degree. I think there would have been bipartisan support for the idea that we ought to do something to repatriate the money stuck overseas and invest it here in the United States in infrastruc-ture. But there was no effort to make a bipartisan effort here—none. There have certainly been cases where Democrats have been guilty of that. This is a profound case of the Re-publicans being guilty of that, and the result is that they have a lousy bill that speaks to the extreme wing of their party rather than to the middle of America, because only in that way could you end up with a piece of legis-lation that the President is describing as a middle-class tax cut that is not one. Nothing about the math in this tax bill suggests it is. By the way, the $34 billion I talked about does not include the estate tax. When we include the increase of the es-tates not subject to the estate tax in this bill, it adds, on average, another $10,000. Now we are talking about bor-rowing $69,000. So we are now bor-rowing an additional $10,000 from the sons and daughters of police officers, firefighters, and teachers in order to fi-nance an estate tax cut that we will not pay for. Pay for it. Don’t borrow the money. I got here 9 years ago at the depth of the worst recession since the Great De-pression. Our economy had locked up. Because of the two tax cuts under President Bush, because of the two wars we didn’t have the decency to pay for, and because President Bush passed so-called Medicare Part D—which is a prescription drug program for seniors that he didn’t pay for—and then with the supply-side economics, they drove our economy into the worst ditch since the Great Depression. When President Obama showed up, the surplus was not a surplus. It was a $1.5 trillion deficit. I was here when we tried to work in a bipartisan way to figure out how to respond to a terri-fying circumstance—not for the Senate but for our country. A woman who came to a townhall told me that her plan was to die sooner because overnight she had lost half of her net worth, and she didn’t know how to make it through because the stock market had cratered and her pension was cut in half. We had more than a 10-percent unem-ployment rate in the United States of America, and we couldn’t get a single person to lift their finger on the other side of the aisle because they said that the deficit was too big. They said that President Obama was pursuing what the pollsters told them was ‘‘job-kill-ing government spending.’’ Those were the words. It wasn’t his $1.5 trillion deficit; that is what he inherited. He left with about a $550 billion deficit. It was cut by two-thirds. Today, we stand here talking about this absolutely irresponsible tax bill. It is already at $666 billion. We have a government where we are collecting 18 percent of the GDP in revenue. It is ac-tually about 17.9 percent before this tax cut goes through. We are spending more than 21 percent, and our answer is: Let’s cut some more taxes, so we will be spending 17 and change. That is a big delta—17 to 21. That is a con-versation we should be having to-gether, not in pieces. All of these people who say: Don’t worry about it; it will pay for itself— remember what they said in 2001 and 2003. They said the same thing. They are going to show up here after this Christmas season has passed, and they are going to say: That is why we need to cut Medicaid and Medicare. There is no doubt we have to have a conversation about the sustainability of these programs, and there is no doubt we have to have a discussion about how we are going to get out of the fiscal issues we confront. I have no doubt that the moment we face the next crisis, whether it is a national se-curity crisis or an economic crisis, we are going to wish we hadn’t passed this tax bill. We are going to wish that when this economy was at full employ-ment, when interest rates are what they are, that we had thought about how to come together in a bipartisan way and actually do something respon-sible for once. There is a mayor in Indiana who sent an op-ed piece to the Washington Post last week. He said: Let me break this down for you in terms of my local com-munity. The equivalent of what the Re-publican tax bill is for my community would be that we would go out and bor-row $400 million, which is a staggering sum, not billions and billions of dollars but, on the basis of the size of their government, $400 million—four or five times what our indebtedness is today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.026 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8066 December 18, 2017 
Then, what I would do is say: We didn’t borrow this money to build in-frastructure. We didn’t borrow this money to make sure we end poverty in my community or to make sure the water is clean. We gave it to the people in the biggest houses, the richest neighborhoods in our community, hop-ing that somehow the benefits would trickle down to everybody else. He said that they would be run out on the rail—and they should be. There are some politicians who say that it will pay for itself. There is no economist who has said that this is not going to create a deficit. There is prob-ably a consensus, around $1.4 trillion— I have seen some math that says $1 trillion, and others that say $2.5 tril-lion. Let’s take the $1.4 trillion and consider, as an order of magnitude, if we didn’t care about our deficit—which apparently we don’t anymore—what else we could spend the money on be-sides giving this tax cut to the very wealthiest Americans in our country. In the 9 years I have been here, we have gone from no opioid crisis to an opioid crisis that is killing 50,000 Amer-icans. There are communities all over our States, especially in rural parts of the States, where we have no answer. We have provided no additional treat-ment, even though we have an emer-gency today that we didn’t have before. That is not the America I grew up in. That is not the America our parents and grandparents set up for us. Look at what you can do to create treatment in every United States county for 10 years. That is this $60 billion. That is this little orange part of a $1.4 trillion hole in our deficit. That is one thing you could do. Another thing you could do would be to provide universal pre-K for low-in-come children for a decade. That might be worth borrowing from the next gen-eration for because they would actu-ally be getting a benefit. They are not getting any benefit from this $59,000 that we are giving to people who make more than $1 million a year. You could double Federal funding for research and development on clean en-ergy for over a decade. You could main-tain our technological advantage over China in emerging industries for a dec-ade. That is a huge concern. That would be $50 billion, just this little slice—a foregone priority if we pass this bill, just like the response to opioids. You could fund a 20-man mis-sion to Mars. Because of our fecklessness, we can’t even put an as-tronaut into space without putting them on a Russian rocket. That has nothing to do with our lacking the en-gineering talent. That has nothing to do with our lacking imagination or, for some of us, a sense of mission. It has to do with the fecklessness of this Con-gress and the inability of it to walk and chew gum at the same time. We could repair all of America’s aging dams, which our parents and grandparents were thoughtful enough to build for us but which we feel we don’t need to maintain for the next generation of Americans. We would rather give tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America. You could end the backlog of infra-structure repairs in America’s air-ports—end it. Five years of funding, that is only $100 billion. I say ‘‘only.’’ That is a huge number, but not com-pared to $1.4 trillion. You could end the U.S. Air Force pilot shortage. Why do we have a short-age of Air Force pilots? Because this place, for 9 years, has run itself on con-tinuing resolutions. The military can’t plan, so we have airplanes that are being scavenged for parts and cannot fly. If they can’t fly, the pilots can’t get the training hours. If they can’t get the training hours, they can’t move ahead in their careers, and they can’t be ready when the battle comes. You could easily pay for that here. You could fund the first 5 years of the Navy’s plan to build a 355-ship fleet. Everyone around here walks around saying: We don’t have any money; we are broke. It is matter of choices and priorities. I cannot think of a set of priorities less out of whack with what Republicans think of in Col-orado, much less our Democrats and Independents. Here is one we really do care about in Colorado and all across the country. You could pay for all deferred mainte-nance at our national parks and other land management agencies. That is right here, this tiny purple square—$19 billion. If you look at the bottom right, that includes over a dozen priorities for rural communities that have been kicked around by this Congress and our CRs year after year. Here are a few things that fit in there. Extend high-speed internet to every rural community in America. That might be a good use of money or a good reason to borrow money—to ex-tend high-speed internet to people who don’t have it. This is a world where telling a kid in a rural school that they don’t have access to high-speed inter-net is no different than telling them: Sorry, you are not getting textbooks, but these other kids do. We could reimburse rural areas with significant public lands for lost tax revenue, the PILT payment. I promise my colleague from Penn-sylvania I am coming to the end. I know he doesn’t believe it. These PILT payments are a pain point for my rural counties. Every year we go through the same nonsense at the end of the year. Every single year they say: Is it going to be funded in the CR? They are using it to pay for some-thing else. Yet it would cost a tiny fraction of just the rural priorities part of it. That is $111 billion for all the rural priorities. Eliminating the na-tional backlog for the USDA rural water program—can you imagine what that would mean for rural America and economic development in rural Amer-ica? They wouldn’t have to wait for someone in New York to trickle down to them because they would have an in-vestment in their community. It would create jobs. It would allow them to do economic development and keep their children in their communities and their schools open and their banks open. That is not a priority for the peo-ple writing and voting for this bill. President Trump cut Essential Air Service in his budget—zeroed it out. We could fund Essential Air Service for 10 years, providing a critical economic lifeline to small towns across America and in my State. We could fund the U.S. Forest Serv-ice fires suppression for a decade, so they wouldn’t have to keep cannibalizing other parts of the budget. This year, for the first year, they spent more than half of their budget fighting fires because we don’t have the sense to budget them so that they can do fire mitigation. Talk about penny wise and pound foolish. In Colorado, we could clean up the Gold King Mine spill, fund the Arkan-sas Valley Conduit to provide drinking water to some of the poorest areas in Southeastern Colorado, which we have been promised since John F. Kennedy was President of the United States. We could do everything I just men-tioned, all of these investments—infra-structure, research, public health, housing, national security, and rural communities—for the cost of this tax plan. This is yet another illustration of how profoundly Washington’s priorities have decoupled from the priorities of the American people. Beyond that, this bill confirms every other suspicion about how Washington operates. President Trump ran for office saying that he would drain the swamp. This tax plan is a creature of the swamp. It was jammed through with last-minute changes, scribbled by hand in the dark of the night, with 2 a.m. votes—shame-ful, 2 a.m. votes on legislation that no one had a chance to fully understand. There was input from lobbyists on K Street but not a single hearing where the American people could express their view. Given the process, it should surprise no one that the bill substituted the pri-orities of the American people with a litany of carve-outs and loopholes that powerful special interests have gotten into this bill. I am going to skip this part because I want to yield to my friend from Penn-sylvania, but let me just finish by say-ing that today, incredibly in America, the top 10 percent of earners take home more than half of America’s income. We have not seen that since 1928, the year before the Great Depression. I know the President knows these folks as well as I do. Everybody on this chart is working hard, whether it is the top 10 percent or the bottom 90 percent, but this is not the way our economy ought to work. For almost all of our history, this is not the way it did work. I was a businessperson before I came to Congress, before I was a school su-perintendent. I have nothing against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.027 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8067 December 18, 2017 
anyone who has done well, but it is pre-posterous to suggest that the real prob-lem in our economy, when we have a record stock market and record income inequality, is that wealthy individuals and businesses don’t have enough. My final chart is this chart, which shows median household income. Since 1980 until now, the cost of housing, cost of higher education, and cost of healthcare—we have done nothing to address or help this. We have turned our back on this. I think we could have written a bill, as I said at the outset, that had a real middle-class tax cut in it, but we chose not to do it. Last year, I met a mom in Rifle, CO, at an early childhood center. In the course of our conversation, she said to me: ‘‘I’ve got a job so I can have health insurance, and every single dollar I earn goes to pay for this early child-hood center, so I can work.’’ That is the story of too many people in my State. My State has one of the most dynamic economies in the United States of America, and still too many people whom I represent are middle- class families whose incomes haven’t really gone up, not over 10 years but since 1980, for whom the cost of hous-ing, cost of healthcare, cost of higher education, and the cost of early child-hood education have conspired to cre-ate for them impossible choices that their parents and grandparents never had to make. Tax reform should have been the op-portunity to have addressed that. It should have been a chance to remind that mom in Rifle that our government or at least someone in our government understands the struggles she faces and has the capacity and the will to help to do something about it. This bill squan-ders that opportunity. This tax bill squanders it. Worse than that, it re-minds Americans of the vast space be-tween their lives and the priorities in Washington. It reminds them of the yawning gap between their voices and the voices of powerful special interests. We should reject this bill. It fails on the merits. We should reject it because the bill makes a mockery of how our government should work. There is still time to set aside this legislation and do bipartisan tax reform. I know the other side may believe that it has to forge ahead for a political win, but I would ask, at what cost? As with so many actions around here, we have put it on the next generation of Americans. We have kicked all the hard choices to them ever since I have been here. We have told them that we are going to continue to live in the house of our democratic Republic but that they are going to pay the mort-gage. We are so fortunate that our par-ents and grandparents didn’t behave the way we have—they had the decency to look ahead and think of those to come. We have enjoyed years of peace and prosperity in this incredible coun-try. I think, tonight and this week, it is worth all of our asking, will our chil-dren be able to say the same of us? I thank my friend from Pennsylvania for his indulgence. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask to speak in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Colorado. I heard most of his remarks, some of them on television before my moving to come over here to speak. I am grateful for his commitment to the arguments that he has made on tax reform and his commitment not only to the people of his State but to the people of our coun-try. I will be speaking about tax reform later this week. 
f 
DACA Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to talk about this so-called DACA Pro-gram for the Dreamers, the young peo-ple whom we have heard so much about, especially in the last couple of months. As many people across the country know, in September, President Trump ended the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals Program, known as DACA. This decision and, so far, con-gressional refusal to pass the Dream Act have created both fear and uncer-tainty for nearly 800,000 young people across our country, so-called DACA re-cipients. I know that a lot of Americans have met these young people over the course of not just the last couple of months but maybe over the course of many years. I had that chance most recently, at least on two occasions, when we set up time to sit with young people who were Pennsylvanians. Once was in the city of Philadelphia, where I sat with young people from both Philadelphia and Lancaster, which is not too far of a drive from Philadelphia—about an hour or so. They came to Philadelphia to sit with us. Then a couple of months later, it was in the Lehigh Valley, which is about an hour just north of Philadelphia. The first group was a larger group of maybe 15 young people, and the second group was a group of 3 individuals. In both of those meetings, I was struck by not just how concerned and worried these young people were about what would happen to them and happen to their friends and, in a larger sense, happen to their families, but I was im-pressed by their stories—what they had achieved in their young lives. I was also moved by the commitment that they have had to hard work, to being part of the fabric of America, and the real concern that they have had about and the love they have for their own parents. They worried about how this might affect their parents but also had love for the commitment that their parents had made and their family members had made to allow them to succeed in coming here, in some cases as babies or as very young children, and to live in America for all of these years, not technically as citizens but to live full lives. They were made a promise by the President of the United States that if they were to come forward and make certain disclosures, this program would protect them. I think that promise is inviolate and should not be broken by any administration. Congress certainly has work to do to enforce the promise and to give the promise an even strong-er foundation. You don’t have to be on one side of the aisle or the other to be moved by these stories, and I will get to some of the details later. One of the young women was in the first group that I mentioned when we were sitting around a big conference table. Of course, these individuals don’t have to sit with me, and they don’t have to travel to tell their stories, but they are worried. They are concerned about the policy and how it might affect their lives. One young woman said to me: The only country I have ever known doesn’t seem to want us—or at least that was her impression. She has lived nowhere else. If you go person after person after person, these are young people who have lived here virtually their whole lives even though they technically were not born here. They have achieved so much and have gone through our schools. Our Nation has invested in them, and they have succeeded in hold-ing down jobs and getting educations and getting higher educations. All they ask is that we set up a process so that they will not be deported. It doesn’t make a lot of sense, the di-rection in which we seem to be head-ing. Rescinding the DACA Program will cost the United States of America jobs. I think it will hurt our security over time. As I said before, it is a broken prom-ise—a promise that was made to young people by our government. It was not just a casual promise but, I would argue, a commitment, a bond, an agreement that should be honored. As I have said so many times before—and I will keep saying it—why would other countries believe us when we make a commitment if we cannot keep our commitment to these young people? Something on the order of 800,000 young people who live in the United States of America were promised that if they came forward, they would be protected. Why would any country be-lieve us after that if we were to break that promise? Why would they believe Republicans or Democrats? Why would they believe the administration—this administration or future administra-tions—or this Congress or future Con-gresses down the road, the House and Senate? If we were to break that prom-ise, would our word be good around the world? These Dreamers are young people who have lived in this country since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.028 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8068 December 18, 2017 
they were children. They have been law-abiding residents. They have learned English. They pay taxes. They have secured jobs that have supported themselves and their families. They were made a promise. What are some of the numbers? Here is the economic impact in the context of one State in our country. In Penn-sylvania alone, estimates say that end-ing the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program would cost the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania nearly $357 million per year in GDP losses. This is according to the Center for American Progress. So, for one State, it is $357 million. How about for the Nation? The comparable number for the Nation is about $460 billion. The first number was with an ‘‘m’’—millions—in the context of the State. The second num-ber is $460 billion, with a ‘‘b’’—almost half a trillion dollars—from the GDP over the next decade. Roughly, in the context of a yearly number, it is $46 billion a year. Even if you don’t think that we have to honor the promise, even if you don’t believe in the program, why would we want to take a step that would hurt our economy in our losing about $46 billion every year for 10 years, adding up to $460 billion over 10 years? According to FWD.us, 91 percent of DACA recipients are employed, and re-pealing DACA could result in an aver-age of 8,500 DACA recipients—young people—losing their jobs each week as a result of that. There are 91 percent of them who are employed—working—in the United States of America. It is the country that promised them that if they came forward, we would give them protection. They are working every day, following the law, loving this country. We have told them, at best, that their status or their fate is uncertain. That is the best that we can say about what has happened between the admin-istration’s making the announcement a number of months ago and Congress’s doing nothing to address this problem. DACA recipients have jobs in sectors that are critical to our economy, such as healthcare, science and technology, and engineering and math—so-called STEM jobs. Additionally, more than one out of every seven DACA-eligible immigrants has language skills that are currently in short supply in the U.S. military, according to the New American Economy. The U.S. military benefits when we have individuals re-siding in our country who have that skill in languages. The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy esti-mates that the 1.3 million young people who are enrolled in or who are eligible for DACA pay $2 billion each year in State and local taxes. So they are working, and they are paying taxes. Dreamers across Pennsylvania and the Nation represent the America that we should all be proud of. I think ev-eryone could agree to that in the work that they are doing and their commit-ment to our country. We should be proud of that. This is a country in which hard-working young people who are working to better themselves and their communities are given a chance to do just that. That is the kind of country we all profess to believe in. That is the kind of Nation that we want to be. Another estimate is that between September 5, 2017, when the program was terminated, and March 5, 2018, which is the deadline that is coming up, 122 DACA recipients will lose their protection every day. That means that by March 5 of 2018, 22,000 Dreamers will have lost their DACA protection. Congress should move immediately— the U.S. Senate should move imme-diately—to make sure that we protect these Dreamers and pass the so-called bipartisan Dream Act. Here is what the bill would do in short form. It would allow the Dreamers to become perma-nent residents if they meet the very stringent qualifications outlined in the bill. We aren’t talking about any kind of a free pass. These are young people who have worked so hard to become the very sort of Americans we want: employed, law-abiding, and paying taxes. The numbers of Dreamers in Pennsylvania are about 5,900 individ-uals who have been given DACA status. Passing the Dream Act would give these young people some security and a future they can count on. I was proud to support a version of the Dream Act back in 2007 and 2010. We should have an up-or-down vote on the floor of the U.S. Senate that is a clean version of the Dream Act—not embedded in some other legislation— but an up-or-down vote on the Dream Act. Let’s see where people stand. I would hope it would be an over-whelming vote. I think it probably would be. Let’s have an up-or-down vote for these young people. Let’s keep the promise to these Dreamers so our promise is good here at home, and our promise and our word and our credibility will be good the world over because if we break that promise, it is going to be pretty dif-ficult for people around the world to believe us on a whole host of fronts. I know that may offend somebody, but that is the way I see it. Keeping a promise is the principal reason to pass the Dream Act, but we should also try to help our economy, not allow our economy to lose hun-dreds of billions of dollars over 10 years, tens of billions each and every year because we are deporting people who have offered so much to the coun-try, who have worked so hard, who have become part of the fabric of American life, part of the fabric of the American family. These are folks who live in every community, who are part of the fabric of a neighborhood, part of the fabric of a community, part of the fabric of a school, part of the fabric of a State, and the fabric of a nation. The third reason we should pass the Dream Act is to unite our country. This is one area where we can all come together. We might have a lot of dis-agreements, and they will be played out this week on the tax bill, on this issue or that issue, but we can bring the country together. Most people in both parties understand what this is all about. They understand the promise, they understand the impact on our economy, and they also understand that a great country can make the right decision on this issue. By uniting our country on the Dream Act, we can make a downpayment on a bright future for these young people who love the United States of America and who have demonstrated that by their commitment to the country, by their work ethic, and by the commit-ment they have made to their commu-nities. Let’s pass the Dream Act. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF DON R. WILLETT Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I opposed the nomination of Don Willet to serve as a judge on the Fifth Circuit. Senate Republicans, lacking a robust legislative agenda, despite unilateral control of the government, decided to confirm another highly controversial nominee. Last week, Republicans confirmed three circuit court judges. In early No-vember, Senate Republicans confirmed four judges in 1 week. This accelerated confirmation pace is unconventional and alarming. Republicans on the Judi-ciary Committee are willing to set aside decades of standing tradition and policies in order to confirm highly ide-ological judges who, in many cases, seem to have more of a political agen-da than the impartial temperament necessary for the fair administration of justice. This seat has been open for years be-cause Senate Republicans refused to work with the Obama administration and agree upon a consensus main-stream nominee that reflects the views and opinions of the majority of Ameri-cans. Now that Republicans are in the majority and no longer need to ob-struct the White House, they have de-cided to advance Judge Willet, a judge described as the ‘‘most conservative justice in Texas.’’ Judge Willet was on Trump’s Su-preme Court short list which indicates that he met the Federalist Society’s and the Heritage Foundation’s ideolog-ical litmus test. This should concern all Americans, regardless of party af-filiation. Our judicial system should not be outsourced to outside groups who want to stack the courts with judges who share their extreme polit-ical agenda. Judge Willet has expressed insensi-tive views towards the LGBTQ commu-nity and skepticism that women face unique challenges in the work place, such as unequal pay and sexual harass-ment and discrimination. In light of the #MeToo movement and the count-less women who have shared their sto-ries of workplace sexual harassment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.030 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8069 December 18, 2017 
Judge Willet’s opinion is at best mis-informed. I hope that Judge Willet’s views have evolved since he wrote that opinion for then-Governor George W. Bush. I also hope my colleagues will start to recognize that they are setting a dangerous precedent by turning the Senate into an assembly line for highly ideological judges who appear to be more aligned with a political agenda that the impartial administration of justice. 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
SERGEANT JONATHON MICHAEL HUNTER  
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary service and sacrifice of U.S. Army SGT Jonathon Michael Hunter of Columbus, IN. Dedication to his country, loyalty to his fellow servicemembers, and a deep love for his family were the qualities that defined Jonathon’s life. Jonathon graduated from Columbus East High School in 2011. While in high school, Jonathon played football for 4 years and was described by his coach as an unselfish player who put the team first. After high school, Jonathon pur-sued his dream of becoming a music producer in Nashville, TN, before en-rolling at Indiana State University in Terre Haute, where he studied crimi-nology and business. A selfless young man, Jonathon left college to join the Army. In the Army, he was a member of the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Air-borne Division in Fort Bragg, NC. There he distinguished himself among his fellow soldiers as cheerful and a man of faith, who loved his country and fellow servicemembers. Jonathon enlisted in the Army because of his in-tense love for his country and wanted to make a difference in the lives of his fellow countrymen. On Wednesday, August 2, 2017, Jonathon and one other American sol-dier were tragically killed in a suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in southern Afghanistan, a mere 32 days into his first deployment. Among some of the awards he earned for his service were a Purple Heart, Bronze Star, NATO Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, and Combat Infantry Badge. Jonathon was also a proud paratrooper who earned the German Parachutist Badge and was also an expert marks-man. Jonathon put his life on the line in order to protect his country, and we are forever grateful for his service. Jonathon was a devoted patriot, son, and husband. He is survived and will be deeply missed by his wife, Whitney; his parents Mark Hunter of Columbus and Kimberly and Brian Thompson of Nash-ville, IN; his brother, Marcus Hunter; his sisters Lindsey—and her husband, Andy—England and Kelsey Thompson; his grandparents Jack and Linda Gil-bert, Keith and Beulah Thompson, and Theola Hunter; as well as many rel-atives, friends, his U.S. Army family, and Hoosiers from across our great State. Jonathon set an example for others and will be remembered for his strong, selfless character and his drive to fight for justice and to make the world a better, more peaceful place. Let us re-member and emulate the shining exam-ple this brave man set for us and honor his commitment to serving his fellow citizens. May God welcome Jonathon home and give comfort to his family. f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR MATTHEW W. TAYLOR Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am pleased to commend Maj. Matthew W. Taylor, USAF, for his dedication to duty and service as an Air Force legis-lative fellow. Matt, a special oper-ations pilot, was recently selected to be the assistant to the Vice Com-mander of the Special Operations Com-mand, SOCOM, a post he will assume in January. A native of Ohio, Matt received a bachelor of arts degree in political science from Miami University and was commissioned as an officer following graduation. He earned his wings and qualified as an Air Force pilot fol-lowing completion of undergraduate pilot training. Matt also has secured a master’s degree in diplomacy from Norwich University. Matt has served in a broad range of assignments during his career with the U.S. Air Force. He has served as the deputy commander of the 353rd Expedi-tionary Special Operations Group and as an MC–130P instructor pilot and flight commander of the 17th Special Operations Squadron. In addition to serving overseas in Europe, Asia, and Africa, Major Taylor has also been de-ployed in support of operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Matt’s leadership has brought great credit to the Air Force. I appreciate and commend his commitment to con-tinue to serve our Nation in an era when pilot shortages are a growing concern for U.S. military leaders. This year, Matt was selected to be an Air Force congressional fellow assigned to my office. In this role, Matt has served the State of Mississippi and the Nation admirably. I have enjoyed the benefit of Matt’s counsel over the past year, and my office has been privileged to host him. It is a pleasure to recognize and to thank Maj. Matthew W. Taylor for his exceptional service to our country. My staff and I wish him, his wife, Kotona, and their son Bruce, all the best as they continue their journey in the U.S. Air Force. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO PAT ROURKE ∑Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Pat Rourke for her 44 years of Federal service at the Bos-ton Passport Agency. After serving in nearly every department within the agency, Pat will retire at the close of this year from her post as customer service manager. Pat’s expertise combined with her ea-gerness to assist the people of Massa-chusetts has been an invaluable re-source to me and my staff. Throughout her esteemed career, she issued count-less passports. Pat made the difference to families eager to explore the world and to those with an emergency need to travel. Working in customer service is not always an easy task, but Pat is widely known for her compassion, pa-tience, and good humor. She has fos-tered an environment at the Boston Passport Agency where customers and employees feel welcome and supported. Pat has always provided my office with sound advice to ensure that we best meet the needs of our traveling con-stituents. While she will be sorely missed, she will leave a lasting legacy at the Boston Passport Agency, and she will be fondly remembered by all those she has helped and mentored through-out her career. My staff and I would like to extend our sincere gratitude to Pat for her years of dedicated service and wish her well as she embarks on this next chap-ter in her life. Congratulations, Pat, and thank you for the enormous con-tributions you have made to the com-munity, the Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts, and the United States of America.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT ON THE NATIONAL SECU-RITY STRATEGY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA—PM 22 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an a accom-panying report, which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: To the Congress of the United States: Consistent with section 108 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947, as amended (50 U.S.C. 3043), I have enclosed the Na-tional Security Strategy of the United States. This National Security Strategy sets forth my guidance and direction for an America First foreign policy and charts a path to achieving the goals and objectives that will make America great again. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 18, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.024 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8070 December 18, 2017 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2396. An act to amend the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act to update the exception for certain annual notices provided by financial institutions. H.R. 2815. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’ . H.R. 4042. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Build-ing’’ . H.R. 4324. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to make certifications with respect to United States and foreign finan-cial institutions’ aircraft-related trans-actions involving Iran, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2396. An act to amend the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act to update the exception for certain annual notices provided by financial institutions; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 2815. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 4042. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4324. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to make certifications with respect to United States and foreign finan-cial institutions’ aircraft-related trans-actions involving Iran, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3716. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Operation of the En-terprise for the Americas Initiative and the Tropical Forest Conservation Act 2016 An-nual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3717. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–198, ‘‘Public Employee Rela-tions Board Term Limit Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3718. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–199, ‘‘Medical Respite Services Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3719. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–200, ‘‘Government Employer- Assisted Housing Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3720. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–201, ‘‘Business Improvement Districts Tax Exemption Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3721. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–203, ‘‘Southwest Waterfront Park Bus Prohibition Temporary Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3722. A communication from the Board Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Per-formance and Accountability Report for fis-cal year 2017, including the Office of Inspec-tor General’s Auditor’s Report; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3723. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2017 an-nual report regarding the financial status of the Federal Housing Administration’s Mu-tual Mortgage Insurance Fund; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3724. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Executive Office for Immigra-tion Review, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures Further Implementing the Annual Limitation on Suspension of De-portation and Cancellation of Removal’’ (RIN1125–AA25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 13, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO, from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with amendments: S. 2155. A bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and en-hance consumer protections, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER: S. 2242. A bill to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to clarify the authority of the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration with respect to post-storm assess-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2243. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to authorize funding for the vol-untary public access and habitat incentive program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. DUCKWORTH ): S. 2244. A bill to create opportunities for women in the aviation industry; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. M CCAIN, and Mrs. M URRAY ): S. 2245. A bill to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 358 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 358, a bill to establish a designation for jurisdictions permis-sive to terrorism financing, to build the capacity of partner nations to in-vestigate, prosecute, and hold account-able terrorist financiers, to impose re-strictions on foreign financial institu-tions that provide financial services for terrorist organizations, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain in-come of employees for employment du-ties performed in other States. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 654, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 974, a bill to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products. 
S. 1689 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1689, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1706 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1706, a bill to prevent human health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.004 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8071 December 18, 2017 
threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1838 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1838, a bill to repeal the authority under the National Labor Relations Act for States to enact laws prohib-iting agreements requiring member-ship in a labor organization as a condi-tion of employment, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2089 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2089, a bill to amend the Older Americans Act of 1965 to provide equal treatment of LGBT older individ-uals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2109 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2109, a bill to count revenues from mili-tary and veteran education programs toward the limit on Federal revenues that certain proprietary institutions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the High-er Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mari-ners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2211 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2211, a bill to establish a national endangered missing advisory communications network, and for other purposes. 
S. 2219 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2219, a bill to reduce the number of preventable deaths and inju-ries caused by underride crashes, to im-prove motor carrier and passenger motor vehicle safety, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2236 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2236, a bill to require covered dis-crimination and covered harassment awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress with-in 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial cli-mate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered discrimination and covered harassment complaints, and for other purposes. S. RES. 355 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 355, a resolution improving procedures for the consideration of nominations in the Senate. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2243. A bill to amend the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 to authorize funding for the voluntary public access and habitat incentive program; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as a fifth generation Montanan and avid out-doorsman, I know how important pub-lic use of our public lands is to Mon-tanans. Many Montanans, including myself, have also had great experiences hunting, fishing, or hiking on approved private lands as well. Expanding access for sportsmen, improving habitat, and upholding property rights are all prior-ities of mine, which is why I am intro-ducing the Voluntary Public Access Improvement Act. This bill would reau-thorize the Voluntary Public Access- Habitat Improvement Program, a vol-untary state-led program that expands public access by incentivizing private landowners to allow the public on their property for hunting, fishing, and other outdoor recreational activities while protecting their private property rights. In Montana alone, over 70,000 acres of private lands have been volun-tarily opened up for hunting and in-creased public access, and the Vol-untary Public Access Improvement Act would help build on that success. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2243 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Voluntary Public Access Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY PUBLIC ACCESS AND HABI-TAT INCENTIVE PROGRAM. 
Section 1240R(f)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–5(f)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘practicable, $50,000,000’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘practicable— ‘‘(A) $50,000,000’’; (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘2012 and $40,000,000’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘2012; ‘‘(B) $40,000,000’’; and (3) in subparagraph (B) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and insert-ing the following: ‘‘; and ‘‘(C) $150,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 2244. A bill to create opportunities for women in the aviation industry; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleague from Illinois, Sen-ator D
UCKWORTH , in introducing the Promoting Women in the Aviation Workforce Act of 2017. Our bill seeks to encourage and support women pursuing careers in the field of aviation. As Chairman of the Senate Transpor-tation Appropriations Subcommittee, I believe it is important to help women achieve their professional aspirations across all transportation sectors. Al-though women make up over 50 percent of our Nation’s workforce, they are sig-nificantly underrepresented in the aviation industry, representing only two percent of airline mechanics, four percent of flight engineers, five percent of repairmen, six percent of pilots, 18 percent of flight dispatchers, and 26 percent of air traffic controllers. Our bill expresses the sense of Con-gress that the aviation industry should explore the possibility of offering op-portunities, such as pilot training, STEM education, and mentorship pro-grams, which would help to encourage women to pursue aviation careers from a young age. In addition, our bill would direct the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to create and manage a Women in Aviation Advisory Board to hold the industry accountable for providing edu-cation, training, mentorship, outreach, and recruitment programs that are aimed at women. Finally, in another effort to improve the availability and quality of edu-cational opportunities for women pur-suing careers in aviation, this legisla-tion would require that the FAA sub-mit a report to Congress on current trends concerning women in aviation and the potential for expanding related programming. Mr. President, I believe this bill will have a positive impact on the work-force supporting one of our country’s leading industries. I want to thank Senator D
UCKWORTH for partnering with me on this effort, and urge my colleagues to support this legislation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Decem-ber 19; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.010 S18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8072 December 18, 2017 
therein for up to 10 minutes each until 12 noon; and that upon the conclusion of morning business, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session for the con-sideration of the Newstead nomination, under the previous order; finally, that following the disposition of the Newstead nomination, the Senate re-cess until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:33 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, December 19, 2017, at 10 a.m. CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 18, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
OWEN WEST, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
J. PAUL COMPTON, JR., OF ALABAMA, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.032 S18DEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1717 December 18, 2017 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE WIN-NER OF THE CONGRESSIONAL APP CHALLENGE FOR THE 21ST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today we congratulate Peter Chacko from San Antonio who won this year’s Congressional App Chal-lenge for the 21st District of Texas. Every year, the Congressional App Chal-lenge encourages students to create an origi-nal app by writing computer code. As Chair-man of the House Science, Space and Tech-nology Committee, I take part in this competi-tion, which inspires students across the coun-try to explore computer science and search for innovations. Peter won this year’s competition by design-ing an app called PR Trackr. It helps runners calculate their pace and logs their runs. He developed the app because he and his cross country teammates needed a quick and effec-tive way to assess and store their pace and monitor their progress. Congratulations to Peter on his achieve-ment. I know he will do well in his academics and future cross country races. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RECIPIENTS OF THE CONGRESS–BUNDESTAG YOUTH EXCHANGE PROGRAM’S MERIT BASED SCHOLARSHIP 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Taelor Nielsen and Zavier McClain on being selected to re-ceive the Congress-Bundestag Youth Ex-change Program’s (CBYX) merit based schol-arship. As part of this selective program, they will be traveling to Germany for a year to immerse themselves in the culture, develop their foreign language skills, and strengthen their leader-ship and academic interests. Many alumni of this program have gone on to serve our great nation in both national security and civilian roles. Taelor and Zavier’s selection to the CBYX program and scholarship is a sign of their hard work, leadership, and academic curiosity. I commend their fortitude and dedication to aca-demics and the future of our great nation. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to the 2017 Wyoming re-cipients of the CBYX scholarship. Taelor and Zavier deserve to be extremely proud of this accomplishment. INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIVIL ENFORCE-MENT EQUALITY ACT HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Civil Enforce-ment Equality Act. This bill is necessary to allow the District to enter into contracts with private attorneys to sue on the District’s behalf for violations of D.C. law that may otherwise go unpunished due to a lack of resources. This bill would give D.C. the same authority enjoyed by states, other local governments and most federal agencies. The federal Anti-Deficiency Act, which ap-plies to both the federal and District govern-ments, prohibits contracting in advance of ap-propriations, such as contingency fee con-tracts. However, Congress has provided the authority for most federal agencies to enter into such contracts, notwithstanding the Anti- Deficiency Act, but has not done so for the District. This precludes the District from enter-ing into contracts with attorneys on a contin-gency fee basis. In a contingency fee contract, lawyers pay for the initial costs of the litigation, and then the lawyers are reimbursed only for out-of-pocket expenses and receive a percent-age of any amount awarded to the plaintiff. There is no federal law that precludes states and other local governments from entering into such contracts. At least 36 states, both red and blue states, have already used contin-gency fee contracts to enforce state laws, in addition to numerous city and county govern-ments across the country. Contingency fee contracts are especially useful in cases with a large, costly discovery component. Examples of cases that are commonly tried on a contin-gency fee basis by state and local govern-ments include nuisance, deceptive lending, se-curities fraud and debt and tax collection. This is an important step to increase D.C. home rule and generate revenue for the Dis-trict, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARJORIE DICKINSON 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my good friend Marjorie Dickin-son as she retires from a distinguished thirty years of service to the University of California, Davis. Marj is currently the Assistant Chan-cellor, Government and Community Relations for U.C. Davis, and she has played a signifi-cant role in improving and strengthening the institution’s commitment to its students and its surrounding community. Throughout her tenure, Marj has established credible and effective relationships with local, state, and federal elected officials and with opinion-leaders throughout the greater Sac-ramento region. Now more than ever, thanks in large part to Marj’s leadership and vision for U.C. Davis, the institution is respected and re-vered as a world-class research university and as a reliable local partner. I have had the pleasure of working personally with Marj through the years in my role representing Sac-ramento in Congress, and I consistently found her to be one of the most effective, sophisti-cated, and professional government relations experts I encountered. U.C. Davis—and the Sacramento region writ large—are beyond fortunate to have had Marj working on their behalf for the past three dec-ades. Marj’s dedication and commitment to U.C. Davis have made our region a better educated, more vibrant, more attractive place to live and work. Her contributions cannot be understated. Mr. Speaker, as her family, friends and col-leagues celebrate her distinguished career, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the remarkable Marjorie Dickinson. f 
IN HONOR OF GWEN BECK’S 100TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Gwen Beck on the celebration of her 100th birthday. I join her friends and family in extending my best to her on this occasion and in celebrating her life and contributions to our great state. I hope she uses this momentous day to do the same. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Gwen on her birthday. May her year be filled with happiness and blessings. 
f 
HONORING TRUDY HAYNES 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an influential and dedicated woman in Philadelphia, Trudy Haynes (ne´e Gertrude Daniels), our nation’s first female African American weather reporter and a true media pioneer. Trudy Haynes was born in New York City at Harlem Hospital in 1926 and raised in New York City. She began her broadcasting career in a Detroit suburb at WCHB–AM, which was the first black owned radio station above the Mason Dixon line. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18DE8.001 E18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1718 December 18, 2017 
Trudy Haynes made history in 1965 when she became the nation’s first female African American reporter for KYW–TV (now CBS–3) in Philadelphia. Trudy Haynes was also the Nation’s 1st African-American TV weather re-porter, acquiring that position in 1963 when she worked for WXYZ–TV in Detroit, MI. Addi-tionally, Trudy Haynes is also a very proud graduate of Howard University, class of 1947. Prestigiously, she has a long esteemed his-tory, has conducted many high profile inter-views, and holds many awards including two Lifetime Achievement Awards, as well as an Emmy. Trudy Haynes formally retired in 1999, but has stayed active throughout the years. At 91 years old she is officially coming out of re-tirement for her ‘‘Drop The Mic Tour’’. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania extends gratitude to Trudy Haynes who is a true inspiration for future generations and thanks her for her continued dedicated support and service to the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KEVIN AND ESTHER BYRNE’S 50TH WEDDING ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Kevin and Esther Byrne on their 50th Wedding Anniversary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Kevin and Esther on the celebration of their 50th Wedding Anniversary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE BASCOM BENTLEY, III 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember a dear friend, Judge Bascom Bentley, III, who passed away peace-fully on December 11, 2017. Bascom was a life-long resident of Pal-estine, Texas and served almost 3 decades with distinction as the Judge for Texas’ 369th District Court until his recent retirement. Prior to that he served as County Court at Law Judge, County Attorney for Anderson County and also the City Attorney for Palestine. Along with his time on the bench, Bascom taught as a professor at Trinity Valley Community Col-lege for 37 years. The totality of his awards and honors are too numerous to list here today, but he has been honored by civic groups, charitable organizations, educational institutions and veteran groups. And he was honored multiple times for his good work as a judge including one from the Texas Gang In-vestigators Association that seems to sum ev-erything up—the ‘‘Damn Good Judge’’ award. Bascom touched countless lives, including mine. His wit and humor were unmatched and his knowledge endless—likely fueled by his unquenchable thirst and love for history. For those who knew Bascom, they saw compas-sion and love for others that was unbounding. As the Representative for the 5th District of Texas, I am honored to have known such a wonderful and unique person, and I will for-ever treasure our many conversations through the years. I send my deepest and sincerest condolences to his mother, Kelly, wife, Carol, to his children Bonnie, Matthew, William and Hunter, as well as the rest of his family and innumerable friends. May we all remember a life well lived. f 
IN HONOR OF RICHARD AND CAROL CRESWELL’S 50TH WED-DING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Richard and Carol Creswell on their 50th Wedding Anniver-sary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Richard and Carol on the celebration of their 50th Wedding Anniver-sary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. 
f 
CARROLL DANIEL CONSTRUCTION BREAKING GROUND IN DOWN-TOWN GAINESVILLE 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on this Friday, I rise to help usher in new devel-opments that will be added to the Gainesville community. As a proud, lifelong resident of this town, I have watched it grow over the years, and wel-comed the new businesses and neighbors that have come with that growth. Earlier this year, the city of Gainesville moved forward with an ambitious plan to im-prove our historic square. The investments made to this project will add to the square and surrounding area, which represent a center-piece of our vibrant downtown. As part of this project, I am pleased that Caroll Daniel Construction will break the ground for a wonderful new facility that will begin construction early next year. Residents of Gainesville will enjoy this build-ing, which will be located along Jesse Jewel Parkway. The street’s namesake, Mr. Jewel himself, was a leader in the poultry industry, and he brought jobs and increased investment in the area during the Great Depression. In line with his vision, this addition to the square will serve our community for years to come. I believe that my good friend, Brian Daniel, runs his company according to the val-ues of our Hall County community. My family and I look forward to seeing the company’s new facility next year as we drive by on Jesse Jewel Parkway. f 
IN HONOR OF COL. THOMAS ‘‘TUCKER’’ FAGAN’S RECOGNI-TION IN THE AIR FORCE PUBLIC AFFAIRS AGENCY’S ‘‘VETERANS IN BLUE’’ VOLUME III 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Colonel Thomas ‘‘Tucker’’ Fagan on his recognition in the Air Force Public Affairs Agency’s ‘‘Veterans in Blue’’ Volume VIII. Throughout his impressive career in the Air Force, Col. Fagan proved himself indispen-sable, being chosen as one of eight military personnel chosen to build the U.S. nuclear war plan, and serving as the wing commander at F.E. Warren AFB, and the 20th Air Force vice commander. After his retirement, Col. Fagan stayed active in the Wyoming and Air Force communities, including serving former Wyoming U.S. Representative Cynthia Lum-mis as her Chief of Staff. The Air Force Public Affairs Agency launched the ‘‘Veterans in Blue’’ portrait col-lection to highlight the men and women that have contributed to the Air Force’s great leg-acy. Col. Fagan’s dedication and contributions to the Air Force, nation, and state warrants his inclusion in this prestigious collection. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Col. Fagan on being recognized in the ‘‘Veterans in Blue’’ Volume VIII portrait collection, and I thank him for his continued service. 
f 
HONORING JOSEPH TRAN-MALAN 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Joseph Tran-Malan for his par-ticipation in the Congressional App Challenge (CAC). The CAC began in 2013, and has since grown to include nearly 4,000 students across 33 states and territories. Specifically, the CAC encourages students to learn how to code through an annual district-wide competition. For his CAC submission, Joseph chose the video game Overwatch. In particular, he cre-ated a video that described why he chose Overwatch, and what he would do to make the video game better as part of his app. Currently, Joseph is in the third grade and attends Harmony DC Public Charter School, which has a Science, Technology, Engineer-ing, and Math (STEM) program. In addition, the school organizes two major STEM events every year: the Harmony Science and Engi-neering Fair, which serves as a way for stu-dents to learn more about the scientific proc-ess; and the Stem Festival, where students 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.003 E18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1719 December 18, 2017 
participate in various STEM demonstrations and explain the science behind them. Joseph is a proud big brother and the son of Mr. and Mrs. Jose and Kim Tran-Malan. In his free time, Joseph likes to travel and see new things, but is content with spending qual-ity time at home with his family. He also loves to dance and use his imagination by building with LEGOs or by creating new worlds in the video game Minecraft. I am very proud of Jo-seph. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in honoring achievement at a very young age by recognizing Joseph Tran- Malan for his participation in the Congres-sional App Challenge. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LAURA WEIS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLIOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize my friend Laura Weis, who was honored with the Distinguished Illinois Chamber of Commerce Executive Award last month. As CEO of the Champaign County Chamber of Commerce, Laura is a tireless advocate for the citizens, businesses and organizations throughout a community with nationally-recog-nized educational institutions, technological and innovative start-ups, manufacturing com-panies, and agricultural industries. Under Laura’s leadership, the Chamber has increased its membership and influence throughout the region. The Chamber and its staff continually engage with elected officials at every level of government to ensure com-monsense, business-friendly policies are in place for the community. Through the Cham-ber’s efforts, delegations of community and business leaders from the county have be-come more engaged in public affairs through regular trips to Springfield and Washington, D.C. Outside of political advocacy, the Chamber has adopted numerous policies that support the local community, including the creation of an energy coop that has saved local busi-nesses thousands of dollars, the development of a procurement center to assist businesses with government contracts, the institution of local disaster recovery plans, and oversight of countless online tools to help area businesses. Laura is a tremendous leader within my congressional district, and it is not hard to see her impact throughout Champaign County. I Congratulate Laura on this award, and I look forward to continuing to work with her through-out the future. 
f 
IN HONOR OF FRANK HANCOCK’S RETIREMENT FROM THE WYO-MING DEPARTMENT OF TRANS-PORTATION 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Frank Hancock on his retirement. This is a momentous occasion and I hope that he will take the time to reflect upon all his hard work over the past 22 years working for the Wyoming Department of Transportation (WYDOT). I thank him for his contributions to WYDOT and to our community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Frank Hancock on his retirement. I wish him the best in future en-deavors. f 
SUPPORT FOR H.R. 4391 
HON. RO KHANNA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, as a cosponsor of H.R. 4391, the Promoting Human Rights by Ending Israeli Military Detention of Palestinian Children Act, I am concerned with the United Nations (UN) reports highlighting the detention and mistreatment of Palestinian children. We should stand up for human rights in all cases, even when abuses are committed by our most trusted allies. Israel faces unique security threats and, un-fortunately, some underage Palestinians do re-sort to violence as a means of change. This is unacceptable, and the Palestinian leader-ship needs to take more steps to prevent chil-dren from being manipulated into becoming terrorists. The threat of child terrorism should not be an excuse, however, to torture those accused of such actions or deprive them of rights. Every minor should have a right to a lawyer, to due process, and to having their parents notified. I am encouraged by a 2015 UNICEF report indicating that Israeli authorities are taking steps to address alleged abuses. Although evidence of the ill-treatment of Palestinian chil-dren detained still exists, I am hopeful that Israeli forces will ultimately fully comply with international human rights laws. Through continued discussions with the Israeli government, Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful changes will continue to occur. Doing so is in the best interest of Israel’s security and con-sistent with their values. 
f 
HONORING LIAM M CLAUGHLIN 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I have had the pleasure of knowing many wonderful public servants over the course of my career, individ-uals who dedicated themselves fully to their communities and neighbors every single day. In Yonkers, there has not been a more dedi-cated and selfless public servant than my dear friend Liam McLaughlin, who this year is clos-ing out his final term as Yonkers City Council President. I have known Liam for many years. His par-ents, Bernadette and Pat, are close family friends, and both have a very strong sense of community Liam clearly adopted that spirit, and thus began a lifetime of working to strengthen Yonkers. Liam was raised in Yonkers and has lived there for more than 42 years. His wife, Debbie, is also from Yonkers. Now, the McLaughlin family lives only a few blocks from the house in which he grew up. Liam attended St. John the Baptist School, the same school that his son Ryan now goes to, and coaches his son on the same youth baseball fields that his father coached him on when he was a kid. A small business owner, Liam is a practicing trusts and estates attorney at McLaughlin & Zerafa LLP. Previously, he worked for several small law firms in the New York area, includ-ing his own general practice law firm and the Corporation Counsel’s Office in the City of Yonkers. Liam was also an adjunct professor at Manhattan College. From 2000 to 2010, Liam served on the Yonkers City Council. He served in leadership roles including Majority Leader and Minority Leader. He also served on every major com-mittee and was Chairman of the Budget & Fi-nance Committee, as well as the Environ-mental Policy & Protection Committee. In 2013, he was elected as Council President by the voters of Yonkers, where he served with great distinction and honor. Outside of his duties as an elected official, Liam has also coached youth basketball and soccer with Dunwoodie Youth Association, and currently serves as President of the Lin-coln Park Taxpayers Association. Liam is also a member of the Holy Name Society of St. John the Baptist Church, the Kerrymen’s P&B Association and the Ancient Order of Hiber-nians of Westchester County. On December 18, 2017 the Yonkers com-munity is coming together to celebrate Liam for all the remarkable work he has done and continues to do on behalf of his fellow Yon-kers residents. He is most deserving of the recognition. I want to congratulate Liam on the occasion and offer my personal thanks for all of that tremendous work. He has certainly made Yonkers proud. f 
IN HONOR OF DANNY AND BECKY DELOREY’S 50TH WEDDING ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Danny and Becky Delorey on their 50th Wedding Anniver-sary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Danny and Becky on the celebration of their 50th Wedding Anniver-sary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.006 E18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1720 December 18, 2017 
H.R. 3731, SECRET SERVICE RE-CRUITMENT AND RETENTION ACT OF 2017 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to discuss the importance of passing H.R. 3731, the Secret Service Re-cruitment and Retention Act of 2017, into law. Over the years, the United States Secret Service has been plagued with morale and at-trition issues. In 2016, the Secret Service was ranked last among 305 agency subcompo-nents in the Partnership for Public Service’s annual Best Places to Work Survey. The mo-rale issues stem from a number of factors, but one of the leading factors is agent burnout due to inflexible schedules, long shifts, and agents having to work and not use their an-nual leave or potentially not receive overtime compensation due to agents reaching their an-nual allowance pay amount. Many of the aforementioned issues cannot be solved by a simple act of Congress; how-ever, compensating agents for overtime is one that Congress can and should address. H.R. 3731 would provide for agents who have hit their overtime pay limits to receive compensa-tion for the uncompensated hours they have logged in service to the country. While I believe the Secret Service can do more to recruit and retain top talent, it is also important for Congress to do its part to not leave the current agents uncompensated. Passing this legislation is crucial and would be an obvious morale boost for the current agents. I urge our colleagues in the Senate to move quickly to pass this legislation. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JOHN KECK’S RE-TIREMENT FROM THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to John Keck on his retirement from the National Park Service. For the past 14 years, John has served as the Wyoming/Montana state coordinator and Eastern MT–WY Group Superintendent for the Intermountain Region of the National Park Service. In this role, he has worked closely with various non-profit and local groups, com-munities, and state and federal agencies and offices, including mine. Having lived in Wyo-ming throughout his life and worked for the state for 22 years before joining the National Park Service, John has been able to apply his knowledge and experiences to excel in his role and for the people and state of Wyoming. I want to extend my appreciation to him for his many contributions to our great state. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to John Keck on his retire-ment. He has been integral to the National Park Service and our state, and will be missed. IN RECOGNITION OF ESTELLE SALTZMAN HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Estelle Saltzman on the occa-sion of her retirement as CEO and President of Runyon Saltzman, Inc., one of Sac-ramento’s most innovative communications firms. I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring Ms. Saltzman for her leadership and commitment to Runyon Saltzman, as well as for her dedication to the cultural vitality of the greater Sacramento region. Since founding the agency alongside Jean Runyon in 1976, Ms. Saltzman has been in-strumental in making Runyon Saltzman one of the top communications firms in the area. Her background in reporting and political science helped her form the agency into an industry leader in public affairs and social marketing. Her leadership at Runyon Saltzman has been acknowledged over the years by those who understand the value she provides to the local business community. She was awarded the Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber’s 1988 ‘‘Sacramento Business Woman of the Year’’ award, lifetime achievement awards from the Sacramento Public Relations Association and the International Association of Business Com-municators, and the ‘‘Women Who Mean Busi-ness’’ award from the Sacramento Business Journal. In addition to her work at Runyon Saltzman, Estelle has been an active member of the Sacramento community. She serves on the boards of the Crocker Art Museum, the Sac-ramento History Foundation, Restoration House, Opening Doors, Inc., and the Family Justice Center. Thanks in no small part to her leadership, these organizations now stand as important cultural and community landmarks for the Sacramento region. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to pay tribute to Estelle Saltzman, outgoing CEO and president of Runyon Saltzman, as her friends and colleagues celebrate her well- earned retirement. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring her tenacity and dedica-tion on behalf of Runyon Saltzman, as well as her dedication to the Sacramento region. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LAURA M CKINNEY’S RETIREMENT FROM THE MAGIC CITY ENTERPRISES 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Laura McKinney on her retirement. This is a momentous occasion and I hope that she will take the time to reflect upon all her hard work over the past 34 years working for Magic City Enterprises. I thank her for her contributions to Magic City Enterprises and to our community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Laura McKinney on her retirement. I wish her the best in future en-deavors. HONORING CHRISTOPER GRESHAM HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Christopher Gresham for his participation in the Mandela Washington Fel-lowship Reciprocal Exchange. The Mandela Washington Fellowship, the flagship program of the U.S. government’s Young African Leadership Initiative, helps to develop the next generation of African leaders across government, business and civil society. The fellows build strategic partnerships and lasting connections through training and net-working opportunities at leading institutions of higher education. The Reciprocal Exchange Component, for which Christopher has been competitively se-lected, provides U.S. experts and leaders a chance to expand their work in partnership with Mandela Washington Fellowship alumni in Africa. Past participants have included a wide range of experts, from entrepreneurs to dis-ability rights advocates, who have contributed meaningfully to efforts such as promoting peace, stability and economic prosperity in the region. The program provides important con-tributions to U.S. diplomacy efforts. A native Washingtonian, Christopher has dedicated his career to breaking down barriers and promoting diversity in entrepreneurship. He graduated from The George Washington University and went on to obtain a Master’s from Thunderbird School for Global Manage-ment. He then became the Vice President of Communities at SEED SPOT, where he works to increase startup activity and economic growth with a focus on entrepreneurs devel-oping sustainable solutions to address some of the world’s most pressing problems. In ad-dition, Christopher founded Swillings Coffee, an impact-driven venture that works directly with small family-owned farms in rural Colom-bia to apply sustainable growing techniques and employ women in the local community. As part of the Mandela Washington Fellowship Reciprocal Exchange, Christopher empowered hundreds of Beninese entrepreneurs with en-trepreneurship training, educated its largest university on sustainable economic develop-ment programs and promoted cooperative trade with the U.S. and multiple institutional stakeholders. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing Christopher Gresham for his accomplishments and for his participation in the Mandela Washington Fel-lowship Reciprocal Exchange. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SALLY NICHOLS’ IN-DUCTION INTO THE CLARA KLINDT ROCKY MOUNTAIN COL-LEGE ATHLETIC HALL OF FAME 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Sally ‘‘Powder’’ Nichols on her induction into the Clara Klindt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.010 E18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1721 December 18, 2017 
Rocky Mountain College Athletic Hall of Fame. Her continued dedication to athletic excellence warrants this recognition. Throughout her time at Lusk High School, University of Idaho, and Rocky Mountain Col-lege, she was integral to her teams’ suc-cesses, setting various school records and being selected All-Conference and All-Region in 2000. As an athlete, and now as a coach, she has set an excellent example for students and athletes across the state. I commend her commitment to her teammates, to her stu-dents, and to athletics. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Sally for being inducted into the Rocky Mountain College Athletic Hall of Fame. She and her family deserve to be extremely proud of this accomplishment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH AN-NIVERSARY OF KOPPER KETTLE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the 40th anniversary of the Kopper Kettle explosion in downtown Auburn, Alabama. Below is the 1978 sermon by Rev. Rod Sin-clair at the Episcopal College Center after the explosion occurred: 
The explosion at the Kopper Kettle has consumed the time and attention of many of us this week, especially Sunday when it oc-curred Monday and Tuesday when we were fixing ourselves up and getting heat back into the building and into the Steven’s House. There have been many expressions of gratefulness that no one in town was injured or killed and we have all told each other where we were when we hear of or felt the blast. We have even told each other about other explosions, other calamities and what our reaction was to them. And some of us have gone off into the world of metaphor and analogy and compared the explosion at the Kopper Kettle to what happens to a human being who gets poison in his or her system, poison from unacknowledged anger or poison from unexpressed resentment, and how the pressure can build up an explosion. The another type of explosion occurred to me, as it should, being the preacher, which I like to look at this morning. It is the explo-sion of the spirit and it can be more dev-astating than what happened last Sunday at Magnolia and Gay. The explosion of the spirit is what happens when all the things we thought we believed in collapses, when the world of meaning col-lapses, when the truths that we always thought were true seem untrue, when doubt attacks every item of faith and prevails, and faith seems counterfeit, and trust wanders aimlessly hunting for a place to rest, and when other people’s piety bring charges of hypocrisy to our lips. The explosion of the spirit can hit with the force of last Sunday’s blast or it can strike in a slow-motion version. Decay is an explosion developing slowly. We can rebuild stores and replace smashed windows, but persons who are smashed by an earthquake under their house of faith have no certainty that they can pick up the pieces, nor may they want to, for their structure no longer has meaning. All that was dear and cherished is splintered and smoking. Their faith is gone, their dreams are smashed, and they have no basis for hope. What do you do if the explosion of the spir-it strikes you? First, I believe you must go to your most trusted friend, not to talk, but to sit in silence—in the presence of the other—in the presence of another human being. And the truth of the presence may be the only truth that is verifiable. Next, you must allow your friend to care for you. This is more difficult than silence. Nor can it come too quickly. This requires that you give permission to the other to enter your shattered world. And with the entry may come judgment (but surely not!) and may come abject embarrassment (Yes, possibly that) or the painful admission that you are lost in the woods and do not know the way home. (Yes, that too!) Your trusted friend is there to listen, is not therapist, counselor or father confessor (at least not then) and listens to you talk, listens to the starkness of your confession that your reli-gious house of cards proved to be just that, listens to the pain of your isolation—for you are in an empty, flat land by yourself with not so much as four pegs to pitch a tent for shelter. He listens to the description of your futureless future. And the echo of the ques-tion ‘‘What is there now?’’ continues to sound in your empty room. But your friend does not answer your ques-tions; eventually you do. Yet no one can tell you when the eventuality will happen. First, there may be nothing more than the estab-lishing of a routine; but even routine re-quires a degree of faith. Later, there may be divine word, certainly not acknowledged then as such. From deep within, from the center of your center, may come the word: ‘‘Life shall go on.’’ And you know the words are true and your house of meaning receives another plank. If and when the house is completed, that is, if and when there is a day when you can say: ‘‘I believe that the following truths gives me meaning, and makes sense out of existence, and are the grounds on which I will stake my life,’’ if there is a day when this can be said again, after an explosion of the spirit my hope is that your statement of what you believe would include the fol-lowing: First, a trust in God, trust in God as per-sonal and loving, God who loves you, who un-derstands and who cares for you. Believing that God understands and loves us is the life force that prevents us from dying. Secondly, a realization that Jesus of Naza-reth reveals God to us. We are not blocked or stumped in our search for the knowledge of God. Jesus’ love and forgiveness is the indi-cator of God’s love and forgiveness. Believ-ing that Jesus reveals God to us is the life force that guards our spirits from collapsing. Thirdly, a trust that God is present with and in us, and that his spirit, his power, and his love are with us and in us, his people. We are not left derelict or abandoned, wondering if we shall ever be called for. Believing that God’s presence is with us and in us is the life force that builds us up as a community of people seeking to be faithful and prevents us from despairing. To be able to base your life on those three assertions and know they are true is to re-turn from the land of shadow and mist into the sunlight of a new day. The person who experiences the bank-ruptcy of spirit that we have spoken of and who later reclaims and rebuilds, who begins again and whose faith grows from infancy to maturity, has a lot to tell us. My guess is that such a person would share with us such thoughts as: No one else can say what’s true for you. All truth is self-validating. Much truth, that is not yet perceived as truth, can remain on the shelf: it may be claimed later on. Having swallowed too much once before and exploded, it’s best not to bite off more than you can chew. Courage to rebuild is an act of faith. The process of discovering meaning is an element of meaning itself. My further guess is that as we met such a person, who had believed again after being crushed by doubt, we could say such words to him or her as: When you speak, your words are genuine and true. We feel accepted and respected by you. Your faith is clearly shown in your behav-ior. You will be a threat to those whose houses of faith are held together by tape and wire and string and who pretend to believe and who make a great show, but who on the in-side are full of emptiness and staleness, brit-tle-ness and dust. You will cause a light to shine on sham re-ligion and there will be some who will be vin-dictive. The explosion at the corner last Sunday can cause us to look at the explosion that can come at tour centers, the collapsing of our spirit, if we have carelessly claimed to believe, or mimicked the belief of others, and have no faith that is our own. The admission of our doubt, painful though it is, can be the first step to regaining a life of faith and can return us to authentic living in God’s pres-ence. God’s love is real and his command-ments are sure and the community of per-sons seeking to know what it is to be fruitful is a rich place to set yourself. May He shed his grace on each one of us as we seek truth and walk in faith. Amen. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 40th anniversary of the Kopper Kettle ex-plosion in Auburn. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR WILLIAM BELL 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of a devoted public servant, community leader, and friend, William V. ‘‘Bill’’ Bell, whose tenure as Mayor of Durham, North Carolina ended this month after 16 years in office. A native of Washington, D.C. who earned engineering degrees from Howard University and New York University, Bill began his career in the private sector, eventually retiring as a senior engineer at IBM in Research Triangle Park. He was first elected to the Durham County Board of Commissioners in 1972 and served until 1994 and again from 1996 to 2000, including three terms as chairman from 1982 to 1994. He was elected Mayor of Dur-ham in 2001 and re-elected six times, making him the longest-serving mayor in Durham’s history. During his more than four decades in poli-tics, Bill was a visionary force behind Dur-ham’s transformation from a declining tobacco town into a vibrant, modern paragon of the ‘‘new South,’’ bustling with commerce, cultural events and attractions, world-class hotels and restaurants, and a thriving entrepreneurial community. He played an instrumental role in the merger of the Durham County and Dur-ham City school systems, the financing of major downtown amenities such as the Dur-ham Bulls Athletic Park and Durham Per-forming Arts Center, and, more recently, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18DE8.011 E18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1722 December 18, 2017 
planning for the Durham-Orange Light Rail Transit project. Even as he has worked to attract new ideas and new investment to Durham, Bill has worked tirelessly to ensure that all Durhamites would benefit from their community’s growth. He continues to serve as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the UDI Community Development Corporation, a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the education and economic welfare of low-in-come and underprivileged Durham residents. I have had the pleasure of knowing and working with Bill during his more than 40 years in North Carolina politics, and especially since Durham became part of the Fourth Con-gressional District in 1997. We worked to-gether especially on appropriations projects, to improve the corridors to downtown, to remedy a ‘‘food desert,’’ and to develop affordable housing and livable neighborhoods. I and many others found Bill to be an ideal collabo-rator, able and willing to work cooperatively with all sorts of people, ready to embrace new ideas and approaches, loyal to Durham and determined to realize its potential. Even as he retires from public office, Bill will continue to serve the people of Durham through UDI Community Development Cor-poration and through his active involvement in other civic and charitable organizations. And his legacy will live on through the countless lives he has touched and the indelible impact he has made on the Bull City, which is today more prosperous, dynamic, and inclusive than ever before. Lisa and I, along with constituents in the Fourth District and colleagues in the North Carolina congressional delegation, want to thank Mayor Bell for his dedicated service and exceptional leadership and wish him and his family the very best as he begins the next chapter of his life. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 18, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Roll Call votes held on December 18, 2017, I was inescapably detained handling im-portant matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. Had I been present, I would have voted No on Roll Call No. 685, the Mo-tion to Fix the Convening Times and YEA on Roll Call Nos. 686 and 687, which are as fol-lows: H.R. 4375, and STEM Research and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act, and H.R. 3979, Keep America’s Refuges Operation Act. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, De-cember 19, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 20 10:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Transportation and In-frastructure To hold hearings to examine freight movement. SD–406 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.014 E18DEPT1
D1336 Monday, December 18, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8051–S8072 Measures Introduced: Four bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2242–2245.
                                     Page S8070 
Measures Reported: S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer pro-tections, with amendments.
                                 Page S8070 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the National Security Strategy of the United States of America; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. (PM–22)
                                      Page S8069 
Newstead Nomination—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that at 12:00 noon, on Tuesday, December 19, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Jen-nifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser of the Department of State, under the order of Thursday, December 14, 2017.
            Pages S8071–72 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 62 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. EX. 318), J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Coun-sel of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment.                                                     Pages S8054–64, S8072 
By 74 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. EX. 319), Owen West, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense.
                                                     Pages S8054–64, S8072 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8070 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S8070 
Executive Communications:                             Page S8070 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8070–71 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S8071 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S8069 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—319)
                                                                Page S8064 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:33 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, De-cember 19, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S8071–72.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4666–4679 and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 97 were introduced.
                             Pages H10179–80 
Additional Cosponsors:                             Pages H10180–81 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3813, to designate a human trafficking pre-vention coordinator and to expand the scope of ac-tivities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education pro-gram to include human trafficking prevention activi-ties, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–467); H.R. 3814, to disqualify from operating a com-mercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking (H. Rept. 115–468); H.R. 2465, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to make permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE7.REC D18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1337 December 18, 2017 
Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices (H. Rept. 115–469, Part 1); H.R. 1350, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–470); H.R. 4375, to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–471); H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration intern-ship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–472); H.R. 4323, to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific re-search, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–473); and H. Res. 667, providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3312) to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–474). 
                                                                                          Page H10179 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                        Page H10147 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:05 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                 Page H10148 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, Texas.
                              Page H10148 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:03 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                 Page H10148 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2017: H.R. 3759, amend-ed, to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy;
             Pages H10148–52 
Expressing support for the use of public-private partnerships to bring computer science education to more K–12 classrooms: H. Con. Res. 95, amended, expressing support for the use of public-private part-nerships to bring computer science education to more K–12 classrooms;                                Pages H10152–54 
Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act: H.R. 3979, amended, to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer services, com-munity partnership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 371 yeas to 14 nays, Roll No. 687;
                                                         Pages H10154–55, H10166 
United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017: H.R. 4661, to reauthorize the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants pro-gram, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emer-gency Response grant program; and
      Pages H10155–58 
STEM Research and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act: H.R. 4375, amended, to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, and to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 376 yeas to 9 nays, Roll No. 686; 
                                                            Pages H10158–60, H10165–66 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Provide for a report on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                          Page H10166 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:16 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                 Page H10164 
Motion to Fix Next Convening Time: Agreed to the Holding motion that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet Tuesday, December 19, 2017 at 9 a.m. for morning-hour debate, by a yea- and-nay vote of 216 yeas to 169 nays, Roll No. 685. 
                                                                                  Pages H10164–65 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Women in Aerospace Education Act: H.R. 4254, amended, to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aero-space workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women;
       Pages H10160–61 
United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act: H.R. 1159, amended, to provide for continuing co-operation between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Israel Space Agency; and
                                                                          Pages H10161–62 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE7.REC D18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1338 December 18, 2017 
Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act: H.R. 4323, amended, to promote veteran involve-ment in STEM education, computer science, and sci-entific research.
                                                 Pages H10162–64 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:15 p.m. and recon-vened at 11:04 p.m.
                                               Page H10178 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted to Congress the National Security Strategy of the United States—re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
                                                                                          Page H10164 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H10164–65, H10165–66, H10166. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 11:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a rule providing for the consideration of the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 1. The rule waives all points of order against the conference report and against its consideration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered with-out intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. The rule pro-vides that clause 5(b) of rule XXI shall not apply to the conference report. The rule provides that debate on the conference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. In section 2, the rule provides for consider-ation of H.R. 3312 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–49, modified by the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 3, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported for the remainder of the first session of the 115th Congress. In section 4, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time through re-mainder of the first session of the 115th Congress, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designa-tion of any matter for consideration pursuant to this sec-tion. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling, Chairman Brady of Texas, and Representatives Roskam and Neal. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nominations of Scott Gar-rett, of New Jersey, to be President, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice President, Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, and Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, each to be a Member of the Board of Directors, all of the Export-Im-port Bank, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Rwanda, and Joel Danies, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Gabo-nese Republic, and to serve concurrently and without ad-ditional compensation as Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe, both of the Depart-ment of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Rules and Administration: to hold hearings to examine S. Res. 355, improving procedures for the consideration of nominations in the Senate; to be imme-diately followed by a business meeting to consider S. Res. 355, improving procedures for the consideration of nomi-nations in the Senate, 2:30 p.m., SR–301. 
House 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 630, requiring each Member, officer, and employee of the House of Representatives to com-plete a program of training in workplace rights and re-sponsibilities each session of each Congress, 12:15 p.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on Senate Amendment to H.R. 1370, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act of 2017 [Further Continuing Resolution]’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Cap-itol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4242, the ‘‘VA Care in the Community Act’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE7.REC D18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1339 December 18, 2017 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of December 19 through December 22, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Jennifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser of the Department of State, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12:10 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: De- cember 19, business meeting to consider the nominations of Scott Garrett, of New Jersey, to be President, Kim-berly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice Presi-dent, Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, and Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, each to be a Member of the Board of Directors, all of the Export-Import Bank, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Environment and Public Works: December 20, Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to hold hearings to examine freight movement, 10:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: December 19, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Rwanda, and Joel Danies, of Maryland, to be Am-bassador to the Gabonese Republic, and to serve concur-rently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador to the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Prin-cipe, both of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Rules and Administration: December 19, to hold hearings to examine S. Res. 355, improving proce-dures for the consideration of nominations in the Senate; to be immediately followed by a business meeting to con-sider S. Res. 355, improving procedures for the consider-ation of nominations in the Senate, 2:30 p.m., SR–301. 
House Committees 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, December 20, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Policies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Education’’, 2 p.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE7.REC D18DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1340 December 18, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, December 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 12 noon), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Jennifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser of the Department of State, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12:10 p.m. (Following disposition of the nomination of Jennifer Gillian Newstead, Senate will recess until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Tuesday, December 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of Conference Re-port to Accompany H.R. 1—GOP Tax Bill (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 3312—Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E1717, E1717, E1718, E1718, E1718, E1719, E1719, E1720, E1720, E1720 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1718 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1719 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1719 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E1717 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E1718 Khanna, Ro, Calif., E1719 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1717, E1720 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1717, E1718, E1720 Price, David E., N.C., E1721 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1721 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1722 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E1717 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1720 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18DE7.REC D18DEPT1