Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1617 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 2018 No. 43 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , MARCH 12, 2018 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, our source of hope, we praise You for Your daily mercies. Bless our lawmakers with Your good-ness, empowering them to labor for jus-tice and truth. Lord, guide them as they grapple with difficult issues so that they will choose right over political expediency. Give them wisdom to forget yester-day’s disappointments and tomorrow’s fears. Teach them to focus on accom-plishing their present duties for Your Name’s glory, trusting You to take care of all their tomorrows. May they build their hopes in You. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 12, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KENTUCKY NCAA BASKETBALL TEAMS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I want to start with what I know is on everybody’s mind, and that is Ken-tucky basketball. The University of Kentucky Wildcats men’s team won their 31st SEC title— their fourth straight, by the way. Hall of Fame coach John Calipari is leading Big Blue Nation back to the NCAA tournament and, we hope, to the school’s ninth national championship. At Western Kentucky University, the Lady Toppers just brought home a sec-ond straight Conference USA title. They are hoping the hardware keeps on coming as they head to their school’s 20th showing in the NCAA tournament. I proudly join many Kentuckians in congratulating both UK and WKU. We will be rooting for them in the Big Dance. f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PRO-TECTION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on another matter, later this afternoon the Senate will vote to advance the fi-nancial reform bill that is before us. Senator C
RAPO ’s legislation starts from a simple premise: Small commu-nity lenders on Main Street are not the same as the multi-trillion-dollar banks on Wall Street. But since the Dodd- Frank Act passed in 2010, too many regulations have treated all of them the same and imposed a crushing bur-den on community banks that are not able to bear it. A small number of our colleagues in the Senate seem dead set against any commonsense reforms to help these smaller institutions. They are dusting off old arguments and predicting apoc-alyptic consequences from even this modest set of reforms. That is a shame because when small lenders shut their doors, communities throughout Amer-ica pay the price. Even in this online era, research tells us that the closure of physical banks makes it harder for farmers, ranchers, small business own-ers, and low-income families to access capital. This story has played out thousands of times across the country. The legislation before us would re-store a community lenders’ ability to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.000 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1618 March 12, 2018 
provide credit without having to navi-gate a maze of regulation that was de-signed for far bigger organizations. This commonsense bill has earned the support of a wide bipartisan coali-tion. I would urge all Members to join us in moving it forward this afternoon. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, now on one final matter, for more than 20 years, Hope House in Spokane, WA, has offered vulnerable women refuge from the streets and a safe place to sleep. Unfortunately, the need is great. Even after stacking bunk beds in every available inch, the shelter reaches ca-pacity every single night. Last year, more than 2,000 women had to be turned away. But there is good news this morning. Premera Blue Cross, a major health in-surer in the Pacific Northwest, an-nounced that it will make a $1 million contribution to the organization that operates Hope House. The gift will jump-start the nonprofit’s plan to build a brand-new shelter with 120 beds—tri-ple the current capacity. Across the State, in Everett, WA, an-other organization called Cocoon House serves at-risk and homeless youth. They are also receiving a donation of $1.6 million to finish funding a brand- new youth center. What has made all of this possible? Well, that would be tax reform. Premera’s president and CEO explained that America’s new 21st century Tax Code is allowing his company to devote major new resources to help invest-ment and philanthropy. The women of Hope House and the children of Cocoon House are not alone. There are stories like this all over our country. Just how many Americans’ lives will be changed for the better by tax reform when all is said and done? There are the big donations to count-less nonprofits such as these serving homeless women and children, higher take-home pay for American families to help them make ends meet, more in-vestment and more job opportunities over the long term now that our Tax Code gives our job creators a fairer fight with overseas competitors, and, of course, special bonuses, raises, and new benefits for 4 million American workers and counting. We can add Premera workers to that list, by the way. They are getting $15,000 bonuses as well. Every single Democrat voted to block these good things—every single one of these guys over here. They did all they could to stop tax reform from happening. Now that the law they opposed is unleashing so much good news, they are in a tricky spot. My colleagues across the aisle are falling back on the same old rhetoric. They are trying to divide Americans, pitting different groups against one an-other. Now they are even proposing to claw back tax reform. Well, with a Re-publican Congress, that is not going to happen. Democrats may want to repeal tax reform; that is, repeal the bonuses, the raises, the family tax cuts, and the huge donations to life-changing organi-zations. They may want to repeal all of that, but Republicans set out to take money out of Washington’s pocket and put it back in the pockets of the Amer-ican people, who know best how to use it. We will make sure that is exactly where it stays. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
GUN SAFETY Mr. SCHUMER. Now, Madam Presi-dent, after the deadly shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School, the American people are wondering if Con-gress can do something meaningful to curb the epidemic of gun violence—an epidemic that has gone on far too long and taken the lives of far too many. For years, Democrats have proposed commonsense gun safety policies to en-sure that dangerous people can’t get their hands on dangerous weapons. Re-cently, Democrats have reiterated our support for several specific measures, including universal background checks, protection orders, and a debate on banning assault weapons. Americans of all political stripes sup-port a debate on these policies, and yet the majority leader, who has given gun safety no time on the floor of the Sen-ate, has also given us no indication we might consider the issue anytime soon. He is sweeping it under the rug. The NRA is powerful around here. At the other end of Pennsylvania Av-enue, President Trump failed to show the conviction and steady leadership required to make progress on this issue. After indicating support for a host of reasonable gun safety measures a few weeks ago and in front of the TV cameras he invited in, yesterday Presi-dent Trump released a list of adminis-tration policies which represent a 180- degree reversal. What President Trump said at the public meeting and what he proposed yesterday are opposites. After signaling, for instance, he would be for raising the age of pur-chase of assault weapons from 18 to 21—a modest measure—President Trump backed off saying he would leave it to the States and the courts to decide. That is a copout, and we know that. After indicating support for uni-versal background checks, President Trump makes no mention of closing the dangerous gun show loophole or internet sales loophole. There is no mention of anti-domestic violence leg-islation, no mention of assault weapons or support for significant changes to protection orders. The President’s plan consists only of small-bore, NRA-ap-proved policies, including the absurd proposal to send more guns into class-rooms by arming teachers. In the wake of so many American tragedies, the Trump proposal on gun safety is utterly insufficient as a re-sponse. Even if you discarded the idea of arming teachers and took the Fix NICS proposal and the changes to men-tal health in President Trump’s pro-posal, that wouldn’t be close to enough to address the issue of gun violence. The Nation is clamoring for signifi-cant, meaningful progress on gun safe-ty, but President Trump’s proposal is just a baby step, when America needs to take a giant leap. The administration’s proposal makes it perfectly clear that President Trump has an obeisance to the NRA. Even when President Trump momentarily departs the NRA script, he quickly gets reeled back in. If President Trump, his staff, and some of our Republican friends are wondering why his ratings are so low, it is because he does this all the time. At the meeting, he publicly challenged conservative Republican Senator T
OOMEY . He said: Oh, I guess you are afraid of the NRA. Well, Toomey is not afraid of the NRA. He has taken them on. It is President Trump who is afraid of the NRA. He is afraid to do anything that doesn’t meet their approval. We all know what this Fix NICS bill is about. It is tiny, but it is OK with the NRA, so my good friend from Texas is happy to come to the floor and talk about it. When is he going to come to the floor and say something we really need that the NRA doesn’t support? We are all waiting, not just for him but for our Republican colleagues. We all know the game going on here—make it seem like you want to do something but don’t of-fend the NRA, which is way to the ex-treme when you look at where Ameri-cans are at on this issue. After watching the same sequence of events take place on guns, on immigra-tion, no one should be surprised when President Trump initially talks about bipartisanship but ends up caving to hard-right special interests. No one should be surprised that the Repub-lican leadership in the Senate, when it comes to guns, does the same exact thing. In this case, the gun lobby is the hard-right special interest. President Trump’s behavior on the most sensitive political issues is turn-ing into a predictable Kabuki theater, where he invites the cameras in, talks the good talk but then refuses to walk the walk. It shows great weakness in this President, and if he doesn’t have the guts to move forward, he shouldn’t invite the cameras in and act like he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.001 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1619 March 12, 2018 
does. Now, that may give him a tem-porary little high, but it is not what the American people want. It is not leadership and, in my judgment at least, that is why the President is down so much in the polls no matter what he does. That is why even a race in the southwestern corner of Pennsylvania, in a district he won by 20 points, is a nail-biter. I hope the President will change, I hope he will become a leader, and I hope he will stop just focusing on the show but actually get things done. So far, the American people, not just us, are disappointed. Now, Democrats in the Senate are going to keep fighting to go much fur-ther than the President’s proposal. We are going to fight to pass universal background checks, to actually get Federal legislation on protection or-ders, and to start debating banning as-sault weapons. This is the conversation the country needs to have. We will keep pushing our Senate colleagues and President Trump to do something real, not just something they think they can talk about that the NRA rubberstamps approval of. 
f 
RUSSIAN ELECTION INTERFERENCE Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, on a different subject—Russia. Despite heaps of evidence Russia interfered in our election, President Trump has hardly lifted a finger to punish Russia or safeguard future elections. This is a dereliction of duty. Over the last few weeks, the Senate has heard testimony from the DNI—the Director of National Intelligence—and the head of the U.S. Cyber Command. Neither had been directed by the ad-ministration to counter Russia’s con-tinued efforts to undermine our democ-racy. A report in the New York Times last week documented how President Trump’s State Department ‘‘has yet to spend any of the $120 million it has al-located since late 2016 to counter for-eign efforts to meddle in elections or sow distrust in democracy.’’ Still, the Trump administration has not fully implemented the sanctions Congress passed to punish Putin. Meanwhile, Russia-linked bots con-tinue to sow division and inflame polit-ical tensions on social media. Multiple officials from the intelligence commu-nity have warned that Russia will try to interfere in our elections again. We have done nothing to harden our elec-tion security in anticipation of the midterms. Our democracy is under attack, and the President of the United States seems unwilling to punch back or even harden our defenses. It is as if an enemy naval flotilla were headed to our shores, and we didn’t put up any defense. That is exactly what is hap-pening. It is a new world. It is not a flotilla of a navy or planes buzzing along our coasts, but it is these cyber attacks and social media attacks on our election system, but they are every much as vital to America as our phys-ical defense. Yet we hear nothing, nothing, nothing out of the White House. You only have to look to our ally, the United Kingdom, for an example of how a nation should respond to the threat from Russia. Just today, Prime Minister Theresa May went to the House of Commons to expose a likely Russian attack against two people in her country using a nerve agent. She demanded a response from President Putin and promised appropriate coun-termeasures if he refuses or the answer is insufficient. Prime Minister May’s quick and deci-sive action is exactly what is missing from President Trump when it comes to cyber security in our elections. President Trump still has an oppor-tunity. Over the weekend, President Putin rather ridiculously blamed Ukrainians, Jews, or other minorities for the attack on our election in 2016— another attempt, of course, at mis-direction and distraction. In reality, Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has charged 13 Russian nationals with subverting the 2016 elections—not Ukrainians, not Tatars, not Jews but 13 Russian nationals. Today Leader P
ELOSI and I, alongside Senator F
EINSTEIN and Congressman N
ADLER , sent President Trump a letter urging him to use all available re-sources to extradite the 13 Russian na-tionals named in the special counsel’s investigation to stand trial here in the United States. Ensuring these Russian nationals stand trial in the United States would be a clear signal to those who seek to meddle with our elections that their actions are not without con-sequences. This is imperative to deter Russia and any other nation in the fu-ture from attacking our democracy. This is another test of President Trump’s leadership and another test he is failing miserably. If President Trump really cared about our country, he would expand every resource in his possession to bring justice to these foreign actors who meddled with our country’s most sacred democratic process—the one en-shrined by the Founding Fathers, em-braced and even worshiped by Ameri-cans over the centuries with good rea-son. Now there is meddling in this sacred process and President Trump does nothing? Why are we not hearing any-thing from those on the other side of the aisle about that? You can be sure that if it were another President—par-ticularly a Democratic one—we would hear howls, but this is not about Demo-crats or Republicans. This is about our democracy, and Americans inevitably ask the question, Why is President Trump so afraid to do anything about Putin? I yield the floor. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PRO-TECTION ACT The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S. 2155, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2155) to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Crapo) modified amend-ment No. 2151, in the nature of a substitute. Crapo amendment No. 2152 (to amendment No. 2151), of a perfecting nature. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, this week, we will complete work on an im-portant bipartisan bill. Thanks to the leadership of the Senator from Idaho, Mr. C
RAPO , who is chairman of the Banking Committee, they passed it out of the Banking Committee, and now it is time for us to do our job and pass it out of the Senate. Last week, we voted to proceed, and we will vote to pass it out of the Senate in the next few days. Senator C
RAPO explained why this work is so important. Since the pas-sage of the Dodd-Frank legislation in 2010—as we all recall, after the great recession of 2008, when Wall Street melted down together with our finan-cial institutions, there were reform ef-forts undertaken known as Dodd- Frank—Senator Dodd and Congress-man Frank—which imposed regulatory requirements on banks large and small. The problem is, the small community banks—the ones that are dispropor-tionately harmed by this overregula-tion—weren’t the cause of the great re-cession, the financial meltdown of 2010 and 2009, but they are the collateral damage. What has happened is, there has been a lot of consolidation. Many small community banks and credit unions have simply had to close or been consolidated with other larger banks and institutions. It has taken a toll on our economy, and it has taken a toll on our communities across the country. What happens is, these com-munity banks have less money to loan because they have had to use the money they would loan to hire more people to help them comply with all the unnecessary redtape because of the Dodd-Frank overregulation. Some have had to basically defer that sort of in-vestment in their communities and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.002 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1620 March 12, 2018 
others have had to shutter completely because of the financial burden. The second-order effect is, some peo-ple don’t have access to capital; that is, to loans they need. They can’t get credit they need in order to start a small business, grow an existing busi-ness, or even get a mortgage to buy their first home. Let’s be clear, though, about which financial institutions this bill is tai-lored toward helping. It is small com-munity banks, midsized regional ones, as well as credit unions. The bill we are considering somehow does not exempt large banks from those regulations, and saying it does, which some have said, doesn’t make it so. It is a claim too eagerly peddled by those who want to maintain the status quo, to the det-riment of our smaller communities and small businesses. Large banks are still subject to measures designed to protect the stability of the overall economy, like rigorous stress testing. After all, this bill is called the Eco-nomic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. What it ac-tually does is rightsize those regula-tions. It does this by providing tar-geted exemptions from risk-weighted capital requirements, for example, and the Volcker rule. It also provides a qualified mortgage safe harbor for small banks and raises the SIFI thresh-old so community banks are not lumped into the same overall category as giant financial institutions oper-ating on Wall Street. The majority leader recently said: ‘‘In an era of online banking and multi-national corporations, smaller institu-tions remain uniquely able to build community connections,’’ and that is important to our civic fabric as well as the economies in rural and smalltown America. Based on research, community banks provide more than half of all small business loans. That could translate into small banks getting to know their customers on a personal level and then extending credit to entrepreneurs and families who might not have access otherwise. That is certainly the situation in parts of my State, the State of Texas. I have heard from banks and commu-nities there that are more than ready to finally be freed of the shackles of Dodd-Frank. As the chief executive officer of the Independent Bankers Association of Texas put it, ‘‘Congress holds the key to unchain community banks from the burden pushing them toward consolida-tion’’—in other words, mergers, forcing them to become big banks, which seems to me to be an odd way to deal with this problem, to be sure, or put-ting them out of business altogether. In the IBAT’s view—Independent Bankers Association of Texas—rules meant to curb the abuses of banks deemed too big to fail have instead trickled down to harm their much smaller counterparts. Because of this effect, in essence, community banks have become too small to survive as mergers and acquisitions have occurred all over the map. Independent bankers have reported that since 2009, Texas has lost nearly one-third of its banks—one-third of its banks. They have said that based on Federal data on rural counties, ap-proximately one-third don’t have a local credit union or bank at all. This bill addresses that situation. It enjoys wide bipartisan support, and I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting passage before the end of the week. 
FIX NICS BILL  
Madam President, on another mat-ter, I want to emphasize another point and talk about a new milestone reached and announce some good news. We have now reached 64 total cospon-sors for a bill I have introduced with the junior Senator from Connecticut, Mr. M
URPHY , called the Fix NICS, which is the background check reform bill we cosponsored together. In an institution like this, during po-larized times, it is pretty remarkable that you have 64 Senators—32 Demo-crats and 32 Republicans—coming to-gether and saying: Yes, we have a prob-lem, and, yes, we want to work to-gether to fix it. This is the kind of legislation the Na-tion has been waiting for, as people continue to be frustrated, frightened, and depressed by random acts of vio-lence that have broken out in and around some of our churches, our cit-ies, and our schools. I am talking about shootings like those that occurred at Sutherland Springs, TX, outside of San Antonio, in Las Vegas, and, of course, Parkland, FL. With Fix NICS, we are saying the status quo is not acceptable. I am happy to hear my friend the Democratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER , say there are other things he and his colleagues on the other side of the aisle would like to do. I would just quote to him some ancient wisdom; that ‘‘the journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.’’ We ought to take that first step and do what we can do today and do what is achievable in order to make our communities safer. I have talked about it before, but if the background check system had been working the way Congress intended, the shooter who murdered 26 people as they worshiped on Sunday morning in Sutherland Springs, outside of San An-tonio, and injured 20 more would not have been able to legally purchase fire-arms because the background check system would have reflected the fact that he was a convicted felon, he had been convicted of domestic violence, and he had been in a mental institu-tion. All three of those things are dis-qualifiers from being able to legally purchase firearms under current law, but if the background system isn’t uploaded with the appropriate informa-tion for the FBI to maintain, then those convictions will never be discov-ered, and someone can merely lie their way into purchasing firearms and com-mitting atrocities like we saw in Suth-erland Springs. Fix NICS is designed to make sure convicted felons can’t get access to firearms because, under current law, they are disallowed from doing so. It is designed to make sure people who com-mit domestic violence can’t buy a fire-arm because they are currently prohib-ited by law from doing so. It is de-signed to make sure people who are dis-honorably discharged from the mili-tary can’t legally get a firearm because the current law prohibits them from doing so. Sometimes criminals with domestic abuse convictions, records of mental illness, and violent erratic behavior slip through the cracks and get their hands on guns, despite what the law al-ready prohibits. That is why it is so important for us to pass this legisla-tion now—again, with 64 cosponsors of the legislation, evenly divided between Republicans and Democrats. The effectiveness of doing this sort of background check system has been confirmed by academic research. A re-cent study by RAND Corporation found evidence that dealer background checks may decrease firearm homicides by as much as 20 percent or more. In other words, it saves lives. One specific part of that study further suggested that enforcing background checks for felony records may have a similar di-minishing effect. In other words, en-forcement matters, and enforcement is what we are trying to ensure. We have learned from Sutherland Springs that the NICS system is not operating as Congress intended and that the military, in this instance, was not uploading certain records, but they are not alone. Recent news reports out of places like Ohio have shown it is often the case at the State level as well. We know, a few years back, the shooter at Virginia Tech, near Wash-ington, DC, had been adjudicated men-tally ill by the State of Virginia, but the State had never uploaded that in-formation on the background check system, so he was able to purchase a firearm. This bill will save lives. I know my friend the Democratic leader, the mi-nority leader, has said: Well, it is not enough, but if it saves lives, isn’t it a good start? I am grateful to him for co-sponsoring the legislation. You couldn’t tell he cosponsored the legis-lation by his comments here, acting like this is somehow not a very impor-tant step, but it is because it will save lives. This bill has the backing of the President as well, whom I have spoken to personally, and the minority and majority leaders in the Senate and is supported by gun groups across the spectrum from—yes, the National Rifle Association but also Everytown for Gun Safety. They are at the opposite ends of the ideological spectrum when it comes to the Second Amendment. It is not just them. It is others like the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, Sandy Hook Promise, the Na-tional Shooting Sports Foundation, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.003 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1621 March 12, 2018 
National Domestic Violence Hotline, and the National Sheriffs’ Association. It really is remarkable when you have groups with such widely divergent views, when it comes to the Second Amendment, come together and say: Well, this is where we can find common ground. This is where we can actually do something. That is reflected in the 64 bipartisan cosponsors we have for the bill. The bill would do this: First, it would require Federal agencies and States to produce NICS implementation plans, in other words, to fix what is broken, in-cluding measures to verify the accu-racy of the records. It would hold Federal agencies ac-countable if they fail to upload the rel-evant information. I think it is accurate information, but I have heard that after the shoot-ing in Sutherland Springs, the military has now gone back and uploaded 4,000 additional records into the NICS back-ground check system that weren’t pre-viously loaded. Those are 4,000 people now in the system who, if they at-tempted to buy a firearm legally through a gun store or Federal licensed firearm dealer, would not be able to do so because there would be a hit on the FBI background check system. I think if we provided similar incen-tives to the States, we would see a similar increase in compliance and public safety continue to be enhanced. This bill would reward States that comply with their NICS implementa-tion plan through Federal grants in-centives. It would reauthorize and im-prove law enforcement programs to help State governments share relevant criminal record information. Let’s not forget, this is not just a Federal prob-lem. Finally, the bill would provide im-portant technical assistance to Federal agencies and States that are working to comply with NICS record-sharing re-quirements. We have all the support we need. What we need is a vote. I know that de-spite the minority leader’s comments here today, he does not oppose this bill. He says it is merely not enough, but why can’t we pass this bill that we all agree on and then build from there? I am not afraid of having any debate or any vote on any matter related to the Second Amendment. That is why our constituents sent us here, to debate and to vote and to be held accountable for those votes. I know there is pressure from those who want more controversial measures to be added, but frankly they are ones that can’t pass the Senate, much less the House, or be signed into the law. I would hope we focus—focus our atten-tion on what is achievable, what is bi-partisan, what brings people together at the opposite ends of the ideological spectrum and pass the Fix NICS bill. Again, NICS is the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. It will improve our background check system and in the process save lives. If we did nothing else—and I am not advocating that for a moment, but if we did nothing else in this space other than pass this background check re-form system, we would save lives. I don’t know why that is not compelling enough to everyone to actually get it done. I hope it is, and I hope we do so without further delay. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. WARREN. Thank you, Madam President. Ten years ago today, at breakfast ta-bles all around the country, Americans read a shocking headline: ‘‘Fed as-sumes the role of lender of last resort.’’ The biggest investment banks on Wall Street were getting their first taxpayer bailout, but some of the banks were so addicted to poisonous scam mortgages that even that bailout wasn’t enough. Within a week, Bear Stearns—an 85- year-old fixture on Wall Street—would fall, and the financial crisis would begin. Within a year, American workers’ re-tirement accounts had lost $2.7 trillion, almost one-third of their value. No one bailed them out. Within 2 years, 8.8 million Americans had lost their jobs. No one bailed them out. Within 3 years, more than 4 million homes had been lost to foreclosures, and millions more were in danger. No one bailed the homeowners out. Now, to mark the 10th anniversary of that devastating crisis, the Senate is on the verge of rolling back the rules on the big banks again. Last week I talked about how this bill guts important consumer protec-tions, how it weakens the oversight of banks with up to a quarter of a trillion dollars in assets, and how it could set the stage for another financial crisis, just like past bipartisan bills to roll back the financial rules. But the bill will also roll back the rules on the very biggest banks in the country, the true Wall Street banks, including JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and the rest—banks that taxpayers spent $180 billion bail-ing out in 2008. And no matter what the supporters of this bill say, there are three glaring parts of this bill that without question help the very biggest Wall Street banks. First, this bill opens the door to eas-ing up on big banks’ stress tests. Right now, about 40 of the biggest banks go through stress tests every year, simu-lating a financial crisis and making sure that if it happened, they could survive. This bill says that 25 of them can just skip the hard test from now on, and the remaining 15 or so—well, they don’t necessarily have to do those tests every single year. For the banks that are still going to be doing stress tests, they can now be done, under this bill, ‘‘periodically.’’ Who decides what ‘‘periodically’’ means—the former in-vestment bankers Donald Trump has nominated to lead the Fed and to head up the Fed’s supervisory work? Does that make you feel safe? Second, the bill gives the biggest banks a new legal tool to fight for weaker rules. Right now, the law says that the Fed ‘‘may’’ tailor capital and other rules for the biggest banks. This bill says the Fed ‘‘shall’’ tailor the rules for the banks with more than $250 billion in assets—the very biggest banks in this country. That one word— the switch from ‘‘may’’ to ‘‘shall’’— may not seem like much, but it means everything to the high-priced lawyers who represent these banks. Here is what Jeffrey Gordon, a pro-fessor at Columbia Law School, had to say about that one-word change: 
This apparently minor change is likely to produce significant degradation of financial stability, especially over the long run. The change would expose the Fed to litigation challenges to its enhanced standards, in par-ticular whether they are already adequately tailored. . . . The statute thus empowers the largest firms which pose the biggest risks to bargain with the Fed for laxer standards with the threat of a well-resourced litigation challenge in the background. Over time this bargaining for laxity will produce a race-to- the-bottom dynamic that will dramatically increase the chance of another financial cri-sis. 
Professor Gordon of Columbia Law School says that will dramatically in-crease the chance of another financial crisis. If you think the one-word change from ‘‘may’’ to ‘‘shall’’ won’t change much, consider this: Opponents to the bill have been pointing out this prob-lem loudly and publicly, but the bill’s sponsors won’t change it. They won’t change that one word. Why? Because the giant banks want the change. The third bank giveaway in this bill undercuts capital requirements for the biggest banks. The best way to stop an-other taxpayer bailout of the big banks is to make sure they have enough cap-ital on hand to withstand a crisis. That is why Congress and the regulators es-tablished tougher capital requirements for the big banks after the last finan-cial crisis. This bill reverses direction, opening the door to big banks like JPMorgan and Citigroup facing much lower capital requirements than they do now. In fact, the independent Con-gressional Budget Office says there is a 50-percent chance that JPMorgan and Citigroup can take advantage of a pro-vision in the bill to reduce their cap-ital requirements. The Wall Street Journal editorial board—no fan of tough regulation— wrote that the change proposed in the banking bill is dangerous and ‘‘will make the financial system more vul-nerable in a panic.’’ The Bloomberg editorial board says the bill ‘‘chip[s] away at the bedrock of financial resil-ience—the equity capital that allows 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.006 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1622 March 12, 2018 
banks to absorb losses and keep on lending in bad times.’’ And the con-sequences could be huge. According to the FDIC, this provision could lower capital requirements for JPMorgan by $21.4 billion and for Citigroup by $8.6 billion. At the end of last week, the sup-porters of the bill introduced a new amendment that they claimed would address the problems in this bill, but that amendment did nothing to address these three glaring big-bank give-aways: The stress test provision is un-changed, the litigation provision is un-changed, and the capital requirements provision is unchanged. Victories for the big banks have been preserved 100 percent. But it is not just the big-bank give-aways that remain unaddressed in this new amendment. Over the last week, we have heard a lot of criticism about this bill from experts and from civil rights groups and from consumer advo-cates and from former regulators, and, most importantly, from our constitu-ents back home. They don’t like it. This banking bill undermines civil rights laws. It weakens consumers pro-tections on mortgages and mobile home purchases. It rolls back rules on 25 of the 40 largest banks in the coun-try. It does almost nothing to protect consumers. Let me be perfectly clear about this. The new amendment does not address a single one of these legiti-mate criticisms. It is a bunch of fig leaves designed to let supporters of the bill pretend that they have addressed those criticisms without actually ad-dressing them. In some cases, these lit-tle fig leaves actually make things worse. Let’s start with the fake fixes—first, mortgage discrimination. Mortgage discrimination is real in America. Some banks charge African Americans more for loans than they charge Whites with similar credit. Some deny loans to Latinos or to single women. How do we know that? Because banks have to dis-close information about the loans they provide under something called the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, or HMDA. Using HMDA data, a new report shows that in 61 different cities around the country, minority borrowers were more likely to be denied a mortgage than White borrowers with the same income. But this bill—the bill that is pending on the floor of the Senate— now exempts 85 percent of banks from reporting any HMDA data, making it much harder to discover and stamp out discrimination. Senator C
ORTEZ MASTO had a great idea for fixing this: Take the HMDA provision out of the pending bill. Leave HMDA alone. If the authors of this bill really wanted to fix this problem, they would support her amendment and in-sist that without that amendment, they would withdraw their support for the bill. But now the bill’s supporters have a fig leaf. They say that of the 85 percent of banks that no longer will have to report information about dis-crimination, if one of those banks flunks two consecutive examinations under the Community Reinvestment Act, those banks will have to start re-porting discrimination data. If that looks like a tiny little fig leaf, consider this: Banks get tested at most every 3 years, which means it would take 6 years of discrimination to flunk twice. This fig leaf is so small, it is basically invisible. Now, for some of these so-called con-sumer protection fig leaves—the prob-lems are real; it is just the solutions that are fake. For example, there is a provision to deal with private student loans from banks. It says that if a stu-dent loan borrower dies, then the bank can’t go after the cosigner of the loan for the full balance. That sounds really good—at least until you read the fine print. It turns out that spouses don’t count. So the bank will still be free to hound widows and widowers for the balances of their deceased spouses. And the loan isn’t actually forgiven. That means the bank can still go after the dead borrower’s estate for the loan, maybe take half of the house or take whatever is in the checking account or savings account. It is a nightmare for a grieving family—and it is also per-fectly OK under this fig leaf amend-ment. In some places, it isn’t even a fig leaf that pretends to address problems with the bill; it is just new provisions to cre-ate new problems—like a section that blows a hole in regulators’ ability to require banks to hold capital for com-mercial real estate. Does anyone re-member that risky commercial real es-tate investments were a factor in Bear Stearns’ failure 10 years ago this week? Does anyone remember that 6 months later, commercial real estate losses would help blow up Lehman Brothers? I guess not—at least not right here in Congress, because 10 years later—right now, this week—Congress wants to let banks take one more commercial real estate fix with less oversight. Banks of all sizes are making record profits. Only in Washington would peo-ple think it is time to scrap the protec-tions that have kept us safe for a dec-ade, all so that these same profitable banks can make even more money. It is the same mindset that set the stage for the savings and loan crisis in the late 1980s and the financial crisis of 2008. America’s working families will pay the price if we make the same mis-takes again. It isn’t too late. We should stop this bill from becoming law. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Florida. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, so many are still grieving from the atro-cious killing of 17 people at the high school in Florida. Indeed, our entire State is grieving. Broward County is grieving. Parkland is grieving. I think we are going to find on March 24, in the rallies and the marches that will occur in 500 cities around this country and will have a focus of the main one in Washington, that a lot of people are grieving, because a lot of people all across this country have been touched by these massacres that continue to occur, starting almost three decades ago at Columbine in Colorado. We have certainly had our fill of it in Florida just in the last 2 years: 49 people gunned down with an assault rifle, a Sig Sauer MCX, at the Pulse nightclub; another assault pistol used to gun down 5 people in the Fort Lauderdale Airport; and now an AR–15 used to gun down 17. He would have gotten a lot more had he been able to open the third-story window overlooking the courtyard from a perch as the students fled across the courtyard to get out of the schoolyard. He couldn’t get the window open. He tried to shoot it open, but it was hurricane-proof glass, and it only shattered; it didn’t break. It has been almost 1 month since the tragic shooting. Those 17 families—14 students and 3 adults—are certainly grieving, and we have seen in the last few weeks many of the parents, stu-dents, families, and community leaders stand up to say that enough is enough. They are asking us, the U.S. Congress, to enact meaningful legislation to re-duce gun violence. The action starts in Tallahassee, and the students are going there while the State legislature is still in session, talking about commonsense solutions, such as enacting universal background checks in the purchase of a gun; not al-lowing a gun show loophole or a pri-vate transaction loophole; not allowing a loophole for orders on the internet; universal background checks that would include mental problems; if you have been on the terrorist watch list, that would include, of course, criminal records but also mentally adjudicated records; universal background checks in the acquisition of a gun, particu-larly an assault rifle. But we can’t get that passed here because some folks aren’t listening. Take, for example, what was said at the White House just last night. Giving in to the will of the NRA, the White House announced that it would provide Federal funding for firearms training for teachers and other school per-sonnel. This Senator thinks that arm-ing teachers is a terrible idea. It is not what the students are asking for. It is not what the teachers are asking for. It is not what the American people want us to do. Just last week, the Florida legisla-ture passed and the Governor signed into law a bill—a watered-down version, but it is still arming school personnel, and it falls short on what is really needed to reduce gun violence and especially the massacres that are occurring. While what Florida has done is a step in the right direction, particu-larly with regard to mandating 3-day waiting periods in the purchase of an assault rifle, we are far from where we need to be in addressing gun violence if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.010 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1623 March 12, 2018 
we are talking about putting more guns in our schools, and if—as the President suggested last night—we arm teachers. The teachers don’t want it, and I can tell you who else doesn’t want it. The SWAT teams that have to storm the building looking for the shooter don’t want to encounter a teacher with a gun and mistakenly think that teacher is the shooter. It is common sense. What studies do supporters of this idea cite, suggesting that arming teachers will reduce gun violence at schools? Why even propose this solu-tion before seeing what policies are proposed by a new Federal commission on school safety, which has now been developed? Why don’t we at least see what they are proposing? No, this is to sell more guns by arming teachers. I have spoken to many teachers, stu-dents, and families. I haven’t found one person who wants teachers to be armed, including the teachers them-selves. There is near universal agree-ment that arming teachers is a terrible idea. Yet such an idea continues to di-rect Congress’s attention away from obvious and commonsense solutions supported by most Americans, which are universal background checks and getting the assault rifles and banana clips that have 30 rounds off the streets. I have supported several bipartisan bills—some with my colleague from Florida, Senator R
UBIO—that address background check issues and seek to make sure our schools have the re-sources to keep our students safe. Senator R
UBIO and I announced last week that if there are red flags, they need to be brought to the attention of law enforcement. We are offering in our bill a Federal incentive program to the States to get those red flags about a problem person to the authorities be-fore it is too late. But ideas like arm-ing teachers and putting more guns in our schools are just plain dangerous. Mr. President, I know you have backed off of certain things because the NRA wanted you to, and I know you are now proposing arming teach-ers. Let’s get down to some real com-monsense solutions. Let’s work on how to prevent assault weapons from get-ting into the wrong hands and to stop the massacres that continue to plague this country. The people of America want no less. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to com-plete my remarks and for the Senator from Arizona to follow me. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NATIONAL NUTRITION MONTH  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise to recognize the role of nutrition in the health and wellness of our Nation and the development of our children. Ar-kansas’ agricultural producers play a vital role in providing affordable, nu-tritious food, not only for our State and country but for the entire world. March is recognized as National Nu-trition Month. This is a time to focus attention on the importance of a bal-anced diet and healthy eating choices. As a cochair of the Senate Hunger Cau-cus, I am committed to supporting and raising awareness of efforts that pro-vide nutritious, healthy meals; cre-ating policies that fight hunger; and supporting programs that have proven successful. The Department of Agriculture’s Child and Adult Care Food Program is a unique effort that uses public-private partnerships to meet the nutritional needs of vulnerable children and adults. This has become a critical tool in the fight against hunger. Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I recently introduced a resolution designating this week as National Child and Adult Care Food Program Week to honor and raise awareness of the important role the Child and Adult Care Food Pro-gram plays in the health of those in Arkansas, Minnesota, and throughout the country. Through this program, more than 4 million children and 130,000 adults in childcare centers, adult daycare homes, and afterschool programs receive nutritious meals and snacks daily. Studies show that access to the Child and Adult Care Food Program can measurably and positively impact the cognitive, social, emotional, and phys-ical health and development of chil-dren, leading to more favorable out-comes, such as decreased likelihood of being hospitalized, an increased likeli-hood of healthy weight gain, and an in-creased likelihood of a more varied diet. As a member of the Senate Agri-culture Committee, I will be working to ensure that individuals who need food assistance are able to access af-fordable, nutritious meals. I will also continue to press for flexibility in the Department of Agriculture’s Summer Food Service Program so children who rely on school meals when class is in session can access healthy, nutritious meals during the summer in order to have a seamless transition from the school year to the summer programs. In Arkansas, more than 50,000 chil-dren receive nutritious meals through this program. For many rural areas of the country, like the Natural State, this one-size-fits-all approach fails to meet the needs of communities and the children who are most in need. More than 60 percent of Arkansas’ children rely on free or reduced meals during the school year, so we need to modernize the program so that summer meal sites are available to children no matter where they live. Arkansas is blessed to have the support of schools, churches, Boys & Girls Clubs, libraries, and other organizations that serve as host sites for summer meal programs, and we need to allow them the flexi-bility that is necessary to reach the students in their communities. It is time that Federal policy responds to this need. I have seen how community involve-ment in Arkansas is fighting food inse-curity. Efforts like the Cooking Mat-ters at the Store Initiative, launched by the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alli-ance, teaches families who are on budg-ets to compare prices, read food labels, and buy fruits and vegetables. This month is recognized as School Breakfast Month in Arkansas. State educators have seen how essential breakfast is to students’ progress, so they have instituted programs to pro-mote breakfast and are helping to grow gardens where the food produced is used in school lunches. Grocery stores are allowing SNAP beneficiaries to purchase locally grown produce at a discount. Proper nutrition is crucial to our well-being. Creating opportunities to access healthy, nutritious food is also impor-tant to our State’s and the Nation’s economic development. In order to break the cycle of food insecurity, we must work together. Hunger knows no boundaries, but it is preventable, and we have the tools to help fight it. We have made significant gains in Arkan-sas, across the country, and through-out the world to improve nutrition for the most vulnerable in our society, and I will continue to be a champion of ef-forts to improve access to healthy nu-tritious, foods. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. (The remarks of Mr. F
LAKE per-taining to the introduction of S. 2538 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. FLAKE. I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2151, as modified, to Cal-endar No. 287, S. 2155, a bill to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Bob Corker, Ron Johnson, John Barrasso, Cory Gardner, Steve Daines, Mike Crapo, Deb Fischer, Shelley Moore Cap-ito, Mike Rounds, Jeff Flake, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Bill Cassidy, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.012 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1624 March 12, 2018 
The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 2151, as modified, offered by the Sen-ator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory re-lief, and enhance consumer protec-tions, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 66, nays 30, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 50 Leg.] YEAS—66 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—30 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Duckworth Heinrich McCain Paul 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 66, the nays are 30. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, when you went to a local bank in Mansfield, OH, to buy a house 30, 40, or 50 years ago, you knew the lender, and the lender knew you. You saw him or her at the grocery store. Maybe they went to your church or synagogue. Your kids probably went to the same school. You knew that your deposits at the bank helped fund your neighbor’s house or the hardware store down the street. A lot of banks and credit unions don’t work this way. The 2008 crisis taught us that finance has changed. Now a mortgage in Zanes-ville, OH, is diced and sliced and sold to an investor in Zurich, Switzerland. Banks in Frankfurt place bets on loans in Fostoria. When the system went bust a decade ago and predatory loans began to fail, Ohio taxpayers picked up the tab, in-cluding for foreign banks headquartered an ocean away. The Fed-eral Reserve opened up a spigot of cheap money to keep the global econ-omy from tanking. Banks in Spain, France, Japan, Canada, and Korea all came to the United States for help to weather the financial storm. Think about this. An analysis of the Fed’s lending from February 2008 to 2009 showed that the vast majority of loans went to foreign banks. After the crisis, records released to the public showed that foreign banks took more than 70 percent of the Fed’s loans dur-ing the crisis and 65 percent of loans from other emergency programs. Under one bailout scheme, British Barclays alone borrowed $232 billion from the Fed at a sweetheart interest rate—the kind of rate a hardware store in Hillsboro, OH, could never get on a loan to keep them afloat back in 2008. Think about that. British Barclays got a sweetheart deal, a better deal than a hardware store in Ohio could get from a bank. After the crisis, Congress responded with a law, the Wall Street reform act, to ensure that taxpayers would never again have to send bailout money to British and Swiss megabanks. We or-dered the Fed to keep a closer eye on the big banks—to use their power to make sure the largest global banks did not again crash the economy. Congress instructed that the Fed apply the strictest protections to the biggest banks—those with more than $50 billion in assets. We know that. When the Fed implemented these rules, they applied some standards to banks that have more than $50 billion across the globe, but for global banks that have more than $50 billion in the United States, the Fed applied the strongest standards. For foreign banks with not only trillions worldwide but systemic operations in the United States, the Fed wrote rules that are as strict as those for our domestic megabanks, standards that former Fed Governor Dan Tarullo called ‘‘special prudential measures.’’ They are stand-ards that ensure that we only import Swiss chocolate, not Swiss bank fail-ures. These special measures are im-portant. Last year, the Office of Financial Re-search released a report showing that foreign banks in the United States are riskier than similarly sized U.S. re-gional banks. Hear that again. Foreign banks in the United States are riskier than similarly sized U.S. regional banks. Think of that in terms of what this bill that we just voted cloture on actually does. This legislation threatens to undo important rules protecting us from risk. The legislation puts taxpayers on the hook for bailouts. That is what the Congressional Budget Office said. Under this bill, foreign banks that took billions in bailouts would be able to take more risk under a less watchful eye. Who are some of them? Deutsche Bank, Santander, and UBS would all be treated more like they were an Ohio re-gional bank. Deutsche Bank, the Trump family’s personal business bank; Santander, the bank in Spain that repossessed the cars of hundreds of service men and women cars while those service men and women were serving our country overseas; UBS, the Swiss bank that illegally financed Ira-nian activities—they would all be treated more like they were Hun-tington in Columbus, or Fifth Third in Cincinnati, or KeyBank in Cleveland. What is right about that? What is fair about that? What is smart about that? Don’t take my word for it. Secretary Mnuchin sat right in front of the Bank-ing Committee; Senator CRAPO , the chairman, and I, as the ranking mem-ber, looked straight at him just a few weeks ago. He confirmed that this bill would treat foreign banks with up to $250 billion in assets the same as U.S. regional banks. So they are up to $250 billion, just like Huntington, just like KeyCorp, just like Fifth Third in Ohio. Secretary Mnuchin said: We are going to treat those foreign banks the same if they are up to $250 billion in assets. That may be the first direct answer I have ever heard from Secretary Mnuchin. I sit on the Finance Com-mittee and the Banking Committee, and he has trouble giving direct an-swers. He did at least that time. It makes sense because he was just confirming his intention. From what he and the Treasury Department wrote in a report last year, that is precisely what this administration wants to do. That is what they said in this report that we should do—deregulate these foreign banks that have assets under $250 billion in the United States. They wrote it into their banking deregula-tion blueprint back in June. I give credit to Secretary Mnuchin, and I give credit to the Trump adminis-tration. While I don’t give them credit for the White House looking like a re-treat for Wall Street executives, I do give them credit for at least finally owning up in that report, in the legis-lation, and in his answer to my ques-tion in the Banking Committee hearing that, yes, they are going to deregulate these foreign, huge megabanks—Deut-sche, Santander, UBS, and Barclays— as long as they have under $250 billion of assets in the United States, and they do. Paul Volcker, former Chairman of the Fed, is worried, as I am, that this bill deregulates the U.S. operations of foreign banks. Sarah Bloom Raskin, former Fed Governor and Deputy Treasury Secretary, said this bill ‘‘re-moves necessary guardrails that were installed to reduce the chances of for-eign megabanks drawing on U.S. bail-out funds.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.016 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1625 March 12, 2018 
I have watched the Presiding Offi-cer—the junior Senator from Okla-homa—serve with integrity and hon-esty. I don’t think you, any of my col-leagues on this side of the aisle, or any-body else wants to face the voters 5 years from now, 10 years from now if what we voted on today and will vote on this week results in our bailing out foreign banks. Americans were angry that we bailed out the big U.S. megabanks. Imagine the anger if the story is focused more precisely on the fact that we bailed out foreign banks— which we actually did—but the story was more about Wall Street. Imagine if that were the story. Former Treasury officials Michael Barr and Antonio Weiss are worried that this bill is rolling back rules that protect the U.S. economy from foreign bank risk. The former CFTC Chairman, Gary Gensler, thinks we need to amend this bill to make sure that foreign banks don’t get a windfall. These are across-the-board regulators, present, past, Republicans, Democrats. That is quite a list of watchdogs, but what is most interesting: Do you know who else is under the impression this bill helps foreign banks? Foreign bank lob-byists. I offered an amendment during the committee markup to close the loop-hole. I am offering it again on the Sen-ate floor if Republican leadership al-lows amendments on the Senate floor. My amendment would have ensured that foreign megabanks in the United States are watched over just as closely as Wall Street banks. They are roughly the same size; some are bigger, but be-cause their assets are smaller in the United States, we are going to treat them like Huntington and Key and Fifth Third rather than treating them like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America and Wells Fargo. Foreign bank lobbyists—they are American citizens. They are lobbyists for foreign banks; they are not foreign lobbyists, a difference. These lobbyists for foreign banks, representing Deut-sche and UBS—most of them—wrote a letter opposing my amendment, saying it was unfair for me to try to keep these rules in place. They said their banks should be treated like U.S. re-gional banks, not like the global giants they are. That amendment was de-feated in the committee; we will leave it at that. Now, why is that such a problem? Let’s look at the rap sheet on some of these foreign banks. Santander, a Spanish bank, failed a stress test 3 years in a row. It would have its rules rolled back under this bill. Stress tests are exercises, as my colleagues know, to ensure that a bank can survive an economic downturn without a bailout. So this Spanish bank, Santander, failed not once, not twice but three times. What that failure means—most people, if they fail three times, they flunk out. If they fail three times, they get in this bill, and they get a potential bailout. What is smart about that? What is hon-orable about that? What is good eco-nomic policy about that? What is fair about that? What is just about that? In addition to failing its stress test, it is a bank that illegally repossessed cars from 1,100 American service men and women while they were serving our country. I spend a lot of time at the Wright Patterson Air Force Base, the largest employer in Ohio. I see all kinds of financial institutions that prey on those young airmen and their families. Airmen and women, young Americans serving in the Air Force— particularly when they are 18, 19, 20, 21 years old—are more financially vulner-able. They are a little less sophisti-cated than somebody 10 years older. They don’t make much money. Their families are always anxious when their husband or wife or mother or father serve overseas. This Spanish bank re-possessed the cars of 1,100 American service men and women while they were serving our country. We are going to give them a break? This is a bank that overcharged ra-cial and ethnic minorities for car loans. It is a bank that violated a Fed-eral order to keep more capital and in-stead improperly paid out money to its shareholders, and we are going to give them a break? I don’t pretend to under-stand the thinking of that. This bill helps Deutsche Bank, which the IMF called ‘‘the most important net contributor to systemic risks’’ of all worldwide banks. Deutsche Bank, a German bank, one of the biggest banks in the world, the International Mone-tary Fund called it ‘‘the most impor-tant net contributor to systemic risks’’ of all worldwide banks. Deutsche Bank is the only bank that would lend to the Trump family eco-nomic empire. Even after all of its failed business deals, they kept lend-ing, for whatever reason, to business-man Trump and the family. This is a bank that every week is met with a new request for information on shady financial arrangements with people in the White House. I don’t think my colleagues and I were sent here to serve Deutsche Bank. I am thinking none of us goes back in our campaigns—I am on the ballot this year. I am not going to go back and say: Please reelect me so I can help Deutsche Bank, so I can bail them out, so I can pass a bill that will actually give them something they don’t de-serve. This bill would also help banks like Barclays and UBS and BNP Paribas— banks that have rigged interest rates, helped people avoid paying taxes, vio-lated U.S. sanctions against Iran and Sudan, and manipulated energy mar-kets. These aren’t banks down the street lending to homeowners in San-dusky or businesses in Findlay or small companies in my hometown of Mans-field; these are some of the most com-plex global banks. They hold $1.4 tril-lion in assets. That is $1,400 billion— $1.4 trillion—in assets in the United States and more than $14 trillion in as-sets abroad. Listen to Paul Volker, listen to Sarah Bloom Raskin, listen to Gary Gensler, listen to Michael Barr and An-tonio Weiss. Believe Secretary Mnuchin when he tells you what he wants to do. Believe the lobbyists for these foreign banks when they say that is what they want. That is why they oppose this amendment. This bill gives them exactly what they want. Let me talk about one change made to the substitute amendment. Because I have come to this floor and some oth-ers have joined me in objecting to this foreign bank provision, the leader-ship—Senator M
CCONNELL and his of-fice, I assume, down the way—I assume they huddled and thought: We have to answer this somehow; we have to at least look like we care about prohib-iting a bailout of foreign banks. So they made a change in the substitute. The new version of the bill came out last week. There is a new provision that provides some window dressing. It is a figleaf protection to try to con-vince the public that this bill doesn’t do what it actually does. It doesn’t ac-tually help Santander; it doesn’t actu-ally help UBS; it doesn’t actually help Barclays; it doesn’t actually help the President’s bank, Deutsche Bank—but it actually does. The provision provides some vague, ambiguous language and puts the question to the Fed: You can regulate the foreign banks or not; it is your choice. It doesn’t require the Fed to deregulate. It doesn’t stop the for-eign banks from suing if the Fed doesn’t obey their requests. Why not just prohibit? Why not just say: No, we are not going to do it. But they don’t want to do that. They want to keep that door open because they know the regulators on FSOC, whether it is the Chairman of the Federal Re-serve Jay Clayton, whether it is Mr. Otting of the SEC, whether it is Sec-retary Mnuchin, or whomever they put at any of these, we know what they are going to do. They have already said what they are growing to do. Even a writer at the Wall Street Journal agrees, saying it will be up to the Fed to decide whether Deutsche Bank ‘‘deserves a tighter leash.’’ So we are expected—we, in a pretty much party-line vote, because most Democrats think you don’t want Wall Street people in these positions regu-lating the banks, in a party-line vote, Randal Quarles was confirmed. His job is to be the Director of Supervision at the Federal Reserve. So we are ex-pected to trust Randal Quarles not to weaken the rules in the foreign banks— to trust Quarles, even though he him-self missed the last crisis. He predicted as late as, I believe, 2007, as a member of the Bush administration, that the economy was great, the banks weren’t under duress, any of that. It might have been 2006, but I think 2007. He missed the last crisis and, I might add, he personally profited from Wall Street malfeasance. I am not saying he did it on purpose, but he personally profited because of Wall Street malfeasance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.017 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1626 March 12, 2018 
We are supposed to trust Quarles, even though just last week he spoke at an international bankers conference, where a lot of those foreign bank rep-resentatives and lobbyists were in at-tendance, including CEOs and other ex-ecutives, and he promised those bank-ers regulatory relief. So we have the head of supervision at the Federal Reserve Bank of the United States—one of the most powerful peo-ple in this country—speaking to an international bankers group saying: Yes, we are going to give you regu-latory relief. Aren’t you lucky you came to this conference because I am in charge of these issues at the Federal Reserve, and I am going to help you get regulatory relief as a foreign bank. Congratulations. Finally, this last point is technical, but it is important. The bills make sure that a globally systemic U.S. bank will not benefit from any deregulation, even if it has fewer than $250 billion in assets, but the bill doesn’t even do the same for foreign banks. Let me repeat. State Street has fewer than $250 billion in assets. State Street is called a custodial bank, located in Boston, as the Presiding Officer knows. It has fewer than $250 billion in assets. The bill says, because that bank is sys-temically significant, it doesn’t get a free pass. This legislation says that about State Street, but it doesn’t say the same for similarly—or, I would argue, way more—risky foreign banks in the United States. My amendment would close that loophole. It treats systemically risky foreign banks like systemically risky U.S. banks. Why? Because why treat Barclays and Santander and UBS and Deutsche Bank better than we treat Huntington or Fifth Third or Key or Regents in Alabama or any of these re-gional banks—many of which we want to help. If we want to help community banks and credit unions and our re-gional banks to do the right thing, let’s help them. Foreign megabanks shouldn’t get another chance of a hand-out from American taxpayers—never. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, across America, nearly 100,000 public schools open the door of opportunity to more than 50 million students from kinder-garten through high school. In honor of this remarkable national accomplish-ment, I rise today to join Senator TESTER in recognizing March 12 through 16 as Public Schools Week. I have visited more than 200 schools throughout my home State of Maine, and I have seen firsthand an inspiring commitment to excellence. It is a com-mitment that is shared by dedicated educators and staff, involved parents and community members, and enthusi-astic students. Public education has had a profound impact on our Nation’s history and continues to shape our future. Nine out of 10 students in the United States at-tend public schools. Last year, our pub-lic high schools achieved an alltime high graduation rate of 83 percent, and nearly 70 percent of our high school graduates went on to higher education. Public schools both inspire students and give them tools to achieve their dreams. Not only do our public schools create lifelong learners, but they also help to foster active citizenship. In addition to academics, athletics, and the arts, schools throughout Maine offer pro-grams to encourage environmental re-sponsibility, civic engagement, and community service. I am so proud that every Veterans Day and Memorial Day, schools throughout my State hold as-semblies to honor the men and women of their communities who served our Nation and defended our freedom. Our schools have become so much more than places where children are taught. From nutritious meals to health and emotional support services, public schools play a vital role in the lives of our young people. Education has been described as ‘‘not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a flame.’’ We are fortunate to have many keepers of the precious flame of learning throughout our Nation, and I urge my colleagues to join Senator T
ESTER and me in recognizing them during Public Schools Week. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INTERNATIONAL BACCALAUREATE Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 50th anni-versary of the founding of the Inter-national Baccalaureate, which has made significant contributions to edu-cating students around the world. In 2018, the IB celebrates 50 years of a curriculum that prioritizes critical thinking skills with a focus on inter-national mindfulness. This organiza-tion pioneered a movement of inter-national education in 1968 that now of-fers four high-quality, diverse and chal-lenging educational program for stu-dents aged 3 to 19 years old. Through a unique curriculum of high academic standards, the IB program emphasizes critical thinking and flexibility of learning by intertwining disciplines across cultural and national bound-aries. The IB currently works with more than 1.4 million students in over 4,775 schools in 153 countries. The IB’s founders sought to create a program with a multinational ap-proach to scholarship that would help young people develop the skills, values, and knowledge necessary to build a more peaceful future. The program in-spires young people to become lifelong learners, using their energy, convic-tion, and positivity to engage with in-creasingly complex and interconnected global issues. Its program is highly re-spected, as the best universities in the world actively seek out IB students be-cause of their experience with IB’s crossdisciplinary and crosscultural ap-proach. IB alumni are equipped with the skills and mindset needed to suc-ceed and to approach challenges in in-novative and effective ways. The International Baccalaureate is one of the world’s leading educational initiatives. I am honored that the IB Global Centre is located in Maryland and am delighted to recognize IB’s achievements and the profound con-tributions it has made to education throughout the world. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING CARMEN RODRIGUEZ ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today, with a heavy heart, I wish to pay tribute to Carmen Rodriguez, a wonderful leader, role model, and fam-ily woman. Sadly, Mrs. Rodriguez passed away on January 22, 2018—her 83rd birthday. She will be remembered for her outstanding public service, par-ticularly her advocacy of Hartford’s Puerto Rican community. Mrs. Rodriguez was born in Aguirre, PR, where she lived until she moved to Buffalo, NY, with her husband, Faustino, and their seven children. She became an active member of the Puer-to Rican community there, serving as a member of the Puerto Rican Center, as well as the director of bilingual edu-cation at Public School 76, now known as the Herman Badillo Bilingual Acad-emy. During her time in Buffalo, Car-men worked tirelessly on her own edu-cation, obtaining her GED, a bachelor’s degree from Rosary Hill College, a master’s in education from the State University of New York at Buffalo, and began her PhD. She took her passion for learning and educating to Hartford, CT, in 1979, where she managed the Work Places program at the Hartford Board of Edu-cation, which helped students learn specific trades. Soon after, she began working for the deputy mayor to meas-ure the efficiency of the program. Sub-sequently, she supervised Hartford Housing Authority’s tenant education program for a decade. For 3 years, Car-men served as the executive director of La Casa de Puerto Rico, until retiring in 1994. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.019 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1627 March 12, 2018 
Her legacy of extraordinary service and dedication to her community shines clearly through the many people she affected, as well as through her children’s unfailing efforts to uphold their mother’s progress. I have seen this firsthand as two of Carmen’s chil-dren, Maria and Raul, served in the Of-fice of the Connecticut Attorney Gen-eral during my tenure as attorney gen-eral. Carmen is known by many of us throughout Connecticut as an invalu-able supporter of Hartford’s best inter-ests and a fearless leader of the Puerto Rican community. Her passion to use politics to initiate change has left her town—as well as the entire State—with great hope for the future. My wife, Cynthia, and I extend our deepest sympathies to Carmen’s family during this difficult time, particularly to her 7 children, 15 grandchildren, and 8 great-grandchildren. May their many wonderful memories of Carmen provide them solace and comfort in the days ahead.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHARLES PENCE SLICHTER ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to the re-markable life of Charles Pence Slichter, a University of Illinois pro-fessor emeritus of physics and of chem-istry, who died on Monday, February 19, 2018, in Boulder, CO, at the age of 94. Slichter was a pioneer in the develop-ment and application of nuclear mag-netic resonance, NMR, spectroscopy to elucidate the structure and behavior of matter at the atomic scale and a re-nowned expert on superconductivity. Slichter’s seminal contributions to the fields of condensed matter physics and chemistry have been recognized with numerous awards, including the 2007 National Medal of Science. Slichter is revered at the University of Illinois, where he served on the fac-ulty for 57 years, for his fostering of the ‘‘Urbana style,’’ a way of tackling longstanding scientific problems by a combination of theory and experiment that emphasizes close interdisciplinary collaboration and mutual respect. Known by everyone for his brilliant smiles, infectious enthusiasm, and trademark bowties, Slichter exempli-fied science at its finest: creative, rig-orous, curious, and scrupulously hon-est. His inspired teaching trained gen-erations of American physicists and chemists and, through them, enabled a host of modern technologies. NMR studies atomic nuclei by prob-ing them with radio waves and meas-uring their response. The nuclei re-spond only when the radio waves are tuned to specific resonance fre-quencies, which depend on both the properties of the nuclei and their local magnetic field. The measured spectrum of resonance frequencies, as well as the time dynamics of the resonance re-sponse, gives information about the local environment of the nuclei. Mag-netic resonance imaging, MRI, widely used in medicine, is an extension of NMR that enables 2D and 3D images to be reconstructed from NMR spectra. Slichter pioneered many funda-mental techniques in NMR. He was a codiscoverer, with H.S. Gutowsky and D.W. McCall, of indirect spin-spin cou-pling, known as J-coupling, in mol-ecules. This phenomenon enables struc-tural information about molecules to be deduced from their NMR spectrum and is a key analytical tool in modern chemistry. With T.R. Carver, Slichter performed the first dynamic polariza-tion of nuclei using electron spins. Dy-namic nuclear polarization can be used to increase the sensitivity of NMR dra-matically, enabling the study of more complex molecules and smaller sam-ples. Extensions of the technique are used to determine aspects of molecular structure or to provide a method of op-eration for the three-level maser, a microwave-frequency precursor to the laser. Slichter and his student L.C. Hebel performed the first NMR studies on superconductors, materials in which electric current can flow without re-sistance. This was a major feat in itself because superconductors exclude the magnetic fields and radiowaves used to perform NMR spectroscopy. The results of their experiments are recognized as the first proof of the electron-pairing concept central to the Bardeen-Cooper- Schrieffer, BCS, theory of superconduc-tivity, which was developed concur-rently, also at the University of Illi-nois, and was honored with the 1972 Nobel Prize in Physics. Slichter con-ceived of the experiment while listen-ing to a presentation from Bardeen, and the analysis was carried out with substantial collaboration from the BCS authors, even while they raced to pre-pare their own theoretical work. This strong collaborative interaction be-tween theory and experiment typified the ‘‘Urbana style’’ of research, and Slichter played an important role in setting this tone for colleagues. An-other research ‘‘first’’ of Slichter’s, the measurement of the Pauli spin suscep-tibility, came after a chance hallway meeting with colleague David Pines, who had just derived a more precise theoretical model for the effect, but la-mented to Slichter that ‘‘no one can measure it.’’ Slichter, who had worked on some related problems as a graduate student, replied, ‘‘David, I know how to measure it,’’ and the experimental re-sults were published shortly thereafter. Other notable research achievements include discoveries on the behavior of high-temperature superconductors, fundamental studies of metal surfaces for catalysis, the introduction of phase sensitive detection to pulsed NMR, the theory of chemical exchange and its ef-fects on NMR spectra, studies of charge density waves and the Kondo effect, and the theory of chemical shifts in fluorine. At the University of Illinois, Slichter directed the research of 63 doctoral stu-dents and more than 15 postdoctoral re-searchers, including Nobel laureate Sir Peter Mansfield, coinventor with Paul Lauterbur of MRI. Slichter’s textbook, Principles of Magnetic Resonance, now in its third edition, has trained stu-dents around the world for nearly 60 years. Slichter said in 2004, ‘‘I really love doing physics; the personal con-nection is the way I love to do it. If I were not in a university setting, I would have to find students to work with.’’ Slichter’s contributions to science were not limited to the laboratory and the classroom. He served the Nation with distinction as a member of the President’s Science Advisory Com-mittee from 1965 to 1969; the Presi-dent’s Committee on the National Medal of Science from 1969 to 1974; the President’s Committee on Science and Technology Policy in 1976; and the Na-tional Science Board from 1975 to 1984. In 1975, Slichter chaired a delegation of U.S. solid-state physicists selected by the National Academy of Sciences in an initiative to open scientific ex-changes with the People’s Republic of China. On this trip, he met his future wife, Anne FitzGerald, who worked for the National Academy of Sciences and acted as translator for the U.S. delega-tion. In academia, Slichter served for 25 years from 1970 to 1995 as a fellow of the seven-member Harvard Corpora-tion, Harvard University’s highest gov-erning body, including 10 years as sen-ior fellow. He chaired the selection committee that chose Neil Rudenstine as the president of Harvard in 1991. Slichter was the president of the Inter-national Society of Magnetic Reso-nance from 1986 to 1989. His service to U.S. industry included membership on the board of directors of Polaroid from 1975 to 1995, and on science advisory committees to IBM from 1978 to 1993, and United Technologies from 1972 to 1982. Among his many honors and awards are the National Medal of Science in 2007; the Comstock Prize, shared with E.L. Hahn, of the National Academy of Sciences in 1993; the Irving Langmuir Prize in Chemical Physics in 1969 and the Oliver E. Buckley Prize in Con-densed Matter Physics in 1996 from the American Physical Society; the Cita-tion for Chemical Breakthrough Award, shared with H.S. Gutowsky and D.W. McCall, from the American Chem-ical Society in 2016; and the Triennial Prize of the International Society of Magnetic Resonance in 1986. He re-ceived honorary doctor of science de-grees from the University of Waterloo in 1993 and the University of Leipzig in 2010 and an honorary doctor of laws de-gree from Harvard University in 1996. He was elected a member of the Na-tional Academy of Sciences in 1967, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1969, and the American Philosophical Society in 1971. Sir Anthony J. Leggett, Nobel lau-reate and the John D. and Catherine T. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.008 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1628 March 12, 2018 
MacArthur Professor and Center for Advanced Study Professor of Physics at the University of Illinois, described Slichter as ‘‘a towering figure in con-densed matter physics, on both the na-tional and international stage. He was a warm and supportive figure in the Urbana physics department right up to his last years.’’ University of Illinois emeritus pro-fessor Gordon Baym said, ‘‘Charlie was a remarkable colleague, one of the last of the great physicists of the postwar generation. He was always intellectu-ally curious and remarkably wise. At the same time he was a great human being, amazingly encouraging and sup-portive of his colleagues, students, and friends, whether young or old. Just see-ing his warm smile would brighten ev-eryone’s day.’’ Head of the University of Illinois De-partment of Physics and professor Dale Van Harlingen said, ‘‘Charlie Slichter was a legend, a role model, and a friend to everyone who ever had the oppor-tunity to meet him. His passion for good science, his contagious kindness, and his remarkable energy has inspired me throughout my career, and I think everyone else at the University of Illi-nois and beyond. In many ways, Char-lie has best defined the Urbana style that characterizes the culture and spir-it of the Department of Physics at Illi-nois through his stellar contributions in NMR that have significantly im-pacted our understanding of condensed matter physics, especially super-conductivity, and the chemistry of ma-terials, his excellence in teaching and mentoring of students, and his unparal-leled warmth and friendliness. He is truly one the great scholars and gen-tlemen of our generation. Charlie has made a lasting impression on all of us—he will be missed but never forgot-ten.’’ Slichter was born on January 21, 1924, in Ithaca, NY, to Sumner Huber Slichter, a labor economist who be-came the first Lamont University Pro-fessor at Harvard University, and Ada—nee Pence—Slichter. Slichter was named after his paternal grandfather, Charles Sumner Slichter, a noted pro-fessor of applied mathematics and dean of the graduate school at the Univer-sity of Wisconsin. His maternal grand-father, William David Pence, was a pro-fessor of railway engineering at the University of Wisconsin. From a young age, Slichter was interested in science and mathematics. It was his senior- year physics course at the Browne & Nichols School in Cambridge, MA, that made it clear, without a doubt, that he wanted to be a physicist. Slichter studied physics at Harvard University, receiving his A.B. in 1946; M.A. in 1947; and Ph.D. in 1949 degrees there. During World War II, while an undergraduate at Harvard, he worked as a research assistant at the Under-water Explosives Research Laboratory at Woods Hole, MA, where he con-structed oscilloscopes, an experience that prepared him for his doctoral re-search with Edward Purcell, who led the group at Harvard that codiscovered nuclear magnetic resonance. Slichter was his third graduate student, begin-ning research with Purcell shortly after that discovery. Slichter came to the University of Il-linois in 1949 as an instructor, re-cruited by then-department head F. Wheeler Loomis as an integral part of an effort to build a world-class faculty in the emerging field of solid-state physics. Slichter was appointed assist-ant professor 2 years later and quickly rose through the ranks to full professor in 1955. At Illinois, he held additional professorial appointments at the Cen-ter for Advanced Study from 1968 to 1997 and the Department of Chemistry from 1986 to 1997. After his retirement in 1996, Slichter maintained an active research program at Illinois, holding an appointment as research professor of physics and continuing to advise graduate students from 1997 to 2006. Slichter is survived by his wife, Anne FitzGerald Slichter, of Champaign, IL; by his children William Almy Slichter of Minneapolis, MN; Jacob Huber Slichter of Brooklyn, NY; Ann Thayer Slichter of Los Angeles, CA; Daniel Huber Slichter of Boulder, CO; and David Pence Slichter of Binghamton, NY; and by his grandchildren, Sarah Thayer Slichter of Kingston, NY; Thayer Ellery Slichter and Lila Mackinnon Slichter of Minneapolis, MN; and Trevor Hagar Slichter and Isabela Hagar Slichter of Boulder, CO. He was preceded in death by his son Sumner Pence Slichter, policy director for U.S. Senator Russ Feingold. He is also survived by his first wife, Gertrude Thayer Almy of Mitchellville, MD, who is the mother of Sumner, William, Jacob, and Ann.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on March 9, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. U
PTON ) had signed the following enrolled bills: H.R. 294. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 452. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 1208. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 1858. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 1988. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2254. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 2464. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2672. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2815. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. H.R. 2873. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3109. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 3369. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3638. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 3655. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3821. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3893. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4042. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4285. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.028 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1629 March 12, 2018 
Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘‘Billy’’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4545. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the De-partment of Agriculture, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4546. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Lipochitooligosaccharide (LCO) SP104; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9973–39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4547. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Kasugamycin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9972–96) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4548. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluopicolide; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9973–44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4549. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Defense Production Act Annual Fund Report for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4550. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement, Department of the In-terior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Pen-alty Inflation Adjustments’’ ((RIN1029–AC75) (Docket ID OSM–2017–0012)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 9, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4551. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Washington: Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Re-visions’’ (FRL No. 9974–35–Region 10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works . EC–4552. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Revision to References for Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Sector to Incorporate Lat-est Edition of Certain Industry, Consensus- based Standards; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9975–19–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4553. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Plans; Pennsylvania; Lebanon County 2012 Fine Particulate Mat-ter Standard Determination of Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9975–00–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4554. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and Modi-fied Sources; Amendments’’ (FRL No. 9975– 10–OAR) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4555. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-moval of Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) Trading Programs’’ (FRL No. 9975–32–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4556. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-visions to the Regulatory Definition of Vola-tile Organic Compound’’ (FRL No. 9975–37– Region 3) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4557. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Implementation of the 2015 National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone; Nonattainment Area Classifications Ap-proach’’ (FRL No. 9975–23–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4558. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Amendment to Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard for Ozone’’ (FRL No. 9975–13–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4559. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Redesigna-tion of the Delta, Ohio Area to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9975–46– Region 5) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4560. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Massachusetts; Logan Airport Parking Freeze’’ (FRL No. 9974–96–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4561. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report consistent with the Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (P.L. 107–243) and the Au-thorization for the Use of Force Against Iraq Resolution of 1991 (P.L. 102–1) for the Novem-ber 9, 2017 - January 8, 2018 reporting period; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 292. A bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. S. 1091. A bill to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment: S. 2278. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER: S. 2532. A bill to make demonstration grants to eligible local educational agencies or consortia of eligible local educational agencies for the purpose of increasing the numbers of school nurses in public elemen-tary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. SMITH (for herself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2533. A bill to amend title III of the Pub-lic Health Service Act to allow National Health Service Corps members to provide ob-ligated service as behavioral and mental health professionals at schools, other com-munity-based settings, or patient homes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 2534. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit individuals who are eligible for assistance under a Department of Defense educational assistance program or authority to use such tuition assistance for licensing and certification programs offered by entities other than an institution of high-er education; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. K
EN-
NEDY , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): S. 2535. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration discretion in setting opioid quotas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 2536. A bill to make daylight savings time permanent for the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 2537. A bill to make daylight savings time permanent, and for other purposes; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.004 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1630 March 12, 2018 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 2538. A bill to prohibit an increase in du-ties on imports of steel and aluminum; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. Res. 430. A resolution expressing support for the designation of March 9, 2018, as a na-tional day of remembrance in honor of the life, legacy, and many accomplishments of Billy Frank, Jr.; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): S. Res. 431. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘International Parental Child Abduction Month’’ and expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should raise awareness of the harm caused by inter-national parental child abduction; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. Res. 432. A resolution congratulating the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lith-uania on the 100th anniversary of their dec-larations of independence; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 266, a bill to award the Con-gressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achieve-ments and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 283 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 283, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treat-ment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radi-ation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. S. 482 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 482, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 498, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Defense to use only human- based methods for training members of the Armed Forces in the treatment of severe combat injuries, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 781 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 781, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liabil-ity of health care professionals who volunteer to provide health care serv-ices in response to a disaster. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclu-sion for employer-provided education assistance to employer payments of student loans. 
S. 811 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 811, a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 974, a bill to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facili-tating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products. S. 1072 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
OR-
NYN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1072, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1292 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1292, a bill to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to monitor and combat anti-Semi-tism globally, and for other purposes. 
S. 1419 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1419, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1942, a bill to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1945, a bill to regulate large capacity ammunition feeding devices. 
S. 1995 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1995, a bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to im-prove the number of small business in-vestment companies in underlicensed States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2006, a bill to require breast density reporting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.007 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1631 March 12, 2018 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to au-thorize the expansion of activities re-lated to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2135 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2135, a bill to enforce current law regarding the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. 
S. 2178 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2178, a bill to require the Council of Inspectors General on Integ-rity and Efficiency to make open rec-ommendations of Inspectors General publicly available, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Re-search Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2244 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2244, a bill to create opportunities for women in the aviation industry. 
S. 2268 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2268, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to modify certain provisions relating to the capital fi-nancing of historically Black colleges and universities. 
S. 2272 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2272, a bill to amend the Revised Statutes to grant State attor-neys general the ability to issue sub-poenas to investigate suspected viola-tions of State laws that are applicable to national banks. 
S. 2324 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2324, a bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business de-velopment companies, to direct the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes. S. 2416 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Sen-ator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2416, a bill to amend ti-tles 5, 10, and 37, United States Code, to ensure that an order to serve on active duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of mem-bers of the uniformed services for cer-tain benefits. 
S. 2421 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2421, a bill to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from certain notice requirements and penalties for releases of hazardous sub-stances from animal waste at farms. 
S. 2455 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2455, a bill to encourage United States-Ukraine cybersecurity cooperation and require a report re-garding such cooperation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2461 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2461, a bill to allow for ju-dicial review of certain final rules re-lating to national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requir-ing compliance with the rules by exist-ing sources. 
S. 2488 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2488, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to exclude the receipt of basic allowance for hous-ing for members of the Armed Forces in determining eligibility for certain Federal benefits, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2494 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2494, a bill to provide standards for short-term limited dura-tion health insurance policies. 
S. 2495 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. ROBERTS ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2495, a bill to reauthorize the grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Con-trol Act to make improvements to cer-tain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appro-priations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2507 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2507, a bill to require short-term limited duration insurance issuers to renew or continue in force such coverage at the option of the en-rollees. 
S. 2513 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2513, a bill to improve school safety and mental health serv-ices. 
S. RES. 376 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 376, a resolution urging the Gov-ernments of Burma and Bangladesh to ensure the safe, dignified, voluntary, and sustainable return of the Rohingya refugees who have been displaced by the campaign of ethnic cleansing con-ducted by the Burmese military. 
S. RES. 377 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 377, a resolution recognizing the importance of paying tribute to those individuals who have faithfully served and retired from the Armed Forces of the United States, designating April 18, 2018, as ‘‘Military Retiree Appreciation Day’’, and encouraging the people of the United States to honor the past and continued service of military retir-ees to their local communities and the United States. 
S. RES. 407 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 407, a resolution recognizing the critical work of human rights defenders in promoting human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.009 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1632 March 12, 2018 
rights, the rule of law, democracy, and good governance. 
S. RES. 426 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 426, a resolution supporting the goals of International Women’s Day. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2047 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2047 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2155, a bill to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2133 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2133 intended to be proposed to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored reg-ulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2139 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2139 intended to be proposed to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored reg-ulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2179 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 2179 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2180 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2180 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 2535. A bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration dis-cretion in setting opioid quotas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
S. 2535 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Opioid Quota Reform Act’’. 
SEC. 2. STRENGTHENING CONSIDERATIONS FOR DEA OPIOID QUOTAS. 
Section 306 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 826) is amended— (1) in the last sentence of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘ and not in terms of individual pharmaceutical dosage forms prepared from or containing such a controlled substance’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i)(1) In fixing and adjusting production and manufacturing quotas under this section for fentanyl, oxycodone, hydrocodone, oxymorphone, and hydromorphone, the At-torney General shall consider the impact of the production and manufacturing quotas on overall public health and rates of diversion, abuse, and overdose deaths related to these controlled substances in the United States. Any of the considerations in this subsection or in subsection (a) may be used to deter-mine changes to levels of such production and manufacturing quotas in a given year. ‘‘(2)(A) For any year in which the approved production quota for fentanyl, oxycodone, hydrocodone, oxymorphone, or hydromorphone is higher than the approved production quota for the substance in the previous year, the Attorney General shall in-clude in its final order an explanation of why the public health benefits of increasing such quota outweigh the consequences of having an increased volume of such substance avail-able for sale, and potential diversion, in the United States. ‘‘(B) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection and every year thereafter, the Attorney General shall pro-vide to the Caucus on International Nar-cotics Control, Committee on the Judiciary, Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Ju-diciary, Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, the following information with regard to each of the sub-stances described in subparagraph (A): ‘‘(i) An anonymized count of the total number of manufacturers issued individual manufacturing quotas that year for that sub-stance. ‘‘(ii) A count of how many such manufac-turers were issued an approved manufac-turing quota that was higher than the quota issued to that manufacturer for that sub-stance in the previous year. ‘‘(3) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit to Congress a re-port on how the Attorney General will en-sure that the annual process of fixing and ad-justing production and manufacturing quotas under this section takes into consid-eration— ‘‘(A) efforts to reduce the costs, injuries, and deaths associated with the diversion and abuse of prescription opioids and heroin, in-cluding changes in the accepted medical use of certain controlled substances; and ‘‘(B) data collection and evaluation of the volume of controlled substances that are di-verted and collected from approved drug col-lection receptacles, mail-back programs, and take-back events.’’. 
By Mr. FLAKE: S. 2538. A bill to prohibit an increase in duties on imports of steel and alu-minum; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, when these ill-conceived tariffs were an-nounced last week, I said I would intro-duce legislation that would imme-diately nullify this very unfortunate exercise in protectionism before it could wreak havoc on our economy. If implemented, these tariffs will do just what tariffs have always done. They will lead to job losses and will stymie economic growth. What is worse, the President’s attempt at flexi-bility in the form of poorly defined ex-ceptions only serves to harm the econ-omy further by creating uncertainty. Tariffs are bad enough on their own; tariffs married with uncertainty are even worse. Can you imagine the President say-ing one day, ‘‘Well, I think that Aus-tralia is moving in ways that we think are good in this area or that, so I am going to lessen the tariffs that we im-pose on steel and aluminum for Aus-tralia’’? The next day it is Brazil. ‘‘If it does this or that that is unrelated to these tariffs, I might lift tariffs or less-en the burden of tariffs on that coun-try.’’ Yet, a week later, if Brazil makes another move, the President might seek to reimpose or to make the bur-den heavier. That simply doesn’t work if you are trying to achieve economic growth and if you are trying to con-vince countries to enter into trade partnerships with you. Particularly when you are dealing with our allies, that is no way to treat your allies. I understand free trade is sometimes a challenge. I understand that it is a challenge on the campaign trail, cer-tainly. It is often easier to point to a shuttered factory and blame trade or immigration or some other convenient scapegoat other than what is usually the case—modernization or mechaniza-tion or something that has meant that we have increased productivity or sim-ply the best allocation capital in order to facilitate trade. We have to aggressively negotiate both bilateral and multilateral trade deals if we are to catch up. If we fail to do this and continue to withdraw from the global marketplace, we are going to be left far behind. We saw this with regard to the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. We pulled out of those negotia-tions, and the other 11 countries in-volved simply went on their own and left us behind. That has meant, in par-ticular, countries in Southeast Asia, which would like to be a part of our trade orbit, have had no choice but to be more reliant on China. That doesn’t serve our interests at all. We have to remember we represent just 20 percent of the world’s economic output. We represent just 5 percent of the world’s population or just less than that. If we don’t trade, we don’t grow. You can be pro-growth or you can be pro-tariff, but you can’t be both. Those who have reservations about these tariffs ought to support this leg-islation that I am introducing today to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.011 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1633 March 12, 2018 
nullify the tariffs. Those who have ex-pressed admiration for free trade or supply-side economics ought to support this bill as well. Those who are happy with the economic growth that we have recently achieved and are interested in seeing it continue ought to support this bill. We now have a better climate for economic growth on both the regu-latory side and the tax side. If we enter a trade war, we risk reversing those gains we have made. We in Congress cannot be complicit as this administration courts economic disaster in this fashion. I urge my col-leagues to join me in exercising our constitutional oversight and to invali-date these irresponsible tariffs. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 430—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MARCH 9, 2018, AS A NATIONAL DAY OF REMEM-BRANCE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE, LEGACY, AND MANY ACCOM-PLISHMENTS OF BILLY FRANK, JR. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 430 Whereas, in the 1850s, the United States Government signed a series of treaties with Washington State Tribes under which the Tribes granted millions of acres of land to the United States in exchange for the estab-lishment of reservations and the recognition of traditional hunting, fishing, and gathering rights; Whereas Billy Frank, Jr., was born to Willie Frank, Sr., and Angeline Frank on March 9, 1931, at Frank’s Landing on the banks of the Nisqually River in Washington State; Whereas the tireless efforts and dedication of Billy Frank, Jr., led to a historic legal victory that ensured that the United States would honor promises made in treaties with the Washington Tribes; Whereas Billy Frank, Jr., was first ar-rested in December of 1945, at the age of 14, for fishing for salmon in the Nisqually River; Whereas Billy Frank, Jr., was subse-quently arrested more than 50 times for exer-cising his treaty-protected right to fish for salmon; Whereas over the years, Billy Frank, Jr., and other Tribal members staged ‘‘fish-ins’’ that often placed the protestors in danger of being arrested or attacked; Whereas during these fish-ins, Billy Frank, Jr., and others demanded that they be al-lowed to fish in historically Tribal waters, a right the Nisqually had reserved in the Trea-ty of Medicine Creek; Whereas declining salmon runs in Wash-ington waters resulted in increased arrests of Tribal members exercising their fishing rights under the Treaty of Medicine Creek; Whereas, on February 12, 1974, in the case of United States v. Washington, Judge George Hugo Boldt of the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington issued a decision that affirmed the right of Washington treaty Tribes to take up to half of the harvestable salmon in western Wash-ington, reaffirmed Tribal treaty-reserved rights, and established the Tribes as coman-agers of the salmon resource; Whereas the Ninth Circuit Court of Ap-peals and the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the Boldt decision; Whereas after the Boldt decision, Billy Frank, Jr., continued his fight to protect natural resources, salmon, and a healthy en-vironment; Whereas the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission, where Billy Frank, Jr., served as chairman, assists its 20 member Tribes in managing fisheries and works to establish relationships with State agencies and non- Indian groups to restore and protect habi-tats, and protect Tribal treaty rights; Whereas Billy Frank, Jr., refused to be bit-ter in the face of jail, racism, and abuse, and his influence was felt not just in Washington State but around the world; Whereas Billy Frank, Jr., was awarded the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humani-tarianism, the Common Cause Award for Human Rights Efforts, the American Indian Distinguished Service Award, the Wash-ington State Environmental Excellence Award, and the Wallace Stegner Award for his years of service and dedication to his bat-tle; Whereas, in 2015, Billy Frank, Jr., was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama; Whereas, in 2015, Congress passed the Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act (Public Law 114–101), renaming the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge in honor of Billy Frank, Jr., and establishing a national memorial at nearby McAllister Creek, where the Medicine Creek Treaty was signed in 1854 between the United States Government and the Nisqually, Muckleshoot, Puyallup, and Squaxin Island Tribes; Whereas the legacy of Billy Frank, Jr., will live on in stories, in memories, and every time a Tribal member exercises his or her right to harvest salmon in Washington State; and Whereas the legacy of Billy Frank, Jr., continues to inspire those still around today and those still to come: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports a na-tional day of remembrance in honor of the life, legacy, and many accomplishments of Billy Frank, Jr. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 431—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF ‘‘INTERNATIONAL PA-RENTAL CHILD ABDUCTION MONTH’’ AND EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CONGRESS SHOULD RAISE AWARENESS OF THE HARM CAUSED BY INTERNATIONAL PA-RENTAL CHILD ABDUCTION Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 431 Whereas thousands of children in the United States have been abducted from the United States by parents, separating those children from their parents who remain in the United States; Whereas it is illegal under section 1204 of title 18, United States Code, to remove, or attempt to remove, a child from the United States or retain a child (who has been in the United States) outside of the United States with the intent to obstruct the lawful exer-cise of parental rights; Whereas more than 600 children experi-enced international parental child abduction during 2015; Whereas, during 2016, 1 or more cases of international parental child abduction in-volving children who are citizens of the United States were identified in 106 coun-tries around the world; Whereas the United States is a party to the Convention on the Civil Aspects of Inter-national Child Abduction, done at the Hague October 25, 1980 (TIAS 11670) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Hague Convention on Abduction’’), which— (1) supports the prompt return of wrongly removed or retained children; and (2) calls for all participating parties to re-spect parental custody rights; Whereas a significant number of children who were abducted from the United States have yet to be reunited with their custodial parents; Whereas, during 2016, 13 countries were identified under the Sean and David Gold-man International Child Abduction Preven-tion and Return Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 9101 et seq.) as engaging in a pattern of noncompli-ance; Whereas, during the 20-year period ending on the date of enactment of this resolution, the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children has provided assistance for more than 6,000 international family abduc-tion cases involving children wrongfully re-moved from or retained outside of the United States; Whereas the Supreme Court of the United States has recognized that family abduc-tion— (1) is a form of child abuse with potentially ‘‘devastating consequences for a child’’, that may include negative impacts on the phys-ical and mental well-being of the child; and (2) can cause a child to ‘‘experience a loss of community and stability, leading to lone-liness, anger, and fear of abandonment’’; Whereas, according to the 2010 Report on Compliance with the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Ab-duction by the Department of State, re-search shows that an abducted child is at risk of significant short- and long-term prob-lems, including ‘‘anxiety, eating problems, nightmares, mood swings, sleep disturb-ances, [and] aggressive behavior’’; Whereas international parental child ab-duction has devastating emotional con-sequences not only for the child but also for the parent from whom the child is separated; Whereas the United States has a history of promoting child welfare through institutions including— (1) in the Department of Health and Human Services— (A) the Administration for Children and Families; and (B) the Children’s Bureau; and (2) in the Department of State, the Office of Children’s Issues; Whereas Congress has signaled a commit-ment to ending international parental child abduction by enacting the International Child Abduction Remedies Act (22 U.S.C. 9001 et seq.), the International Parental Kidnap-ping Crime Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–173; 107 Stat. 1998), and the Sean and David Gold-man International Child Abduction Preven-tion and Return Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 9101 et seq.); Whereas, in 2012, the Senate adopted Sen-ate Resolution 543, 112th Congress, agreed to December 4, 2012, which— (1) condemned international parental child abduction; (2) urged countries identified by the De-partment of State as noncompliant with the Hague Convention on Abduction to fulfill the commitment those countries made to imple-ment the Hague Convention on Abduction; and (3) expressed the sense of the Senate that the United States should— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.004 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1634 March 12, 2018 
(A) pursue the return, by all appropriate means, of each child abducted by a parent to another country; (B) if a child is abducted by a parent and not returned to the United States, facili-tate access to the abducted child for the parent remaining in the United States; and (C) where appropriate, seek the extra-dition of the parent that abducted the child; Whereas all 50 States and the District of Columbia have enacted laws criminalizing parental kidnapping; Whereas, in 2016, the Prevention Branch of the Office of Children’s Issues of the Depart-ment of State— (1) fielded 2,537 inquiries from the general public relating to preventing a child from being removed from the United States; and (2) enrolled 4,087 children in the Children’s Passport Issuance Alert Program, which— (A) is one of the most important tools of the Department of State for preventing international parental child abduction; and (B) allows the Office of Children’s Issues to contact the enrolling parent or legal guardian to verify whether the parental consent requirement has been met when a passport application has been submitted for an enrolled child; Whereas, the Department of State cannot track the ultimate destination of a child through the use of the passport of the child issued by the Department of State if the child is transported to a third country after departing from the United States; Whereas a child who is a citizen of the United States may have another nationality and may travel using a passport issued by another country, which— (1) increases the difficulty in determining the whereabouts of the child; and (2) makes efforts to prevent abductions all the more critical; Whereas, in 2016, the Department of Home-land Security, in coordination with the Pre-vention Branch of the Office of Children’s Issues of the Department of State, enrolled 131 children in a program aimed at pre-venting international parental child abduc-tion; Whereas, the Department of State, through the International Visitor Leadership Pro-gram and related initiatives with global partners of the United States, has reduced the number of children who have been re-ported abducted from the United States by 25 percent during the past 2 years; and Whereas the United States should continue to play a leadership role in raising awareness about the devastating impacts of inter-national parental child abduction by edu-cating the public about the negative emo-tional, psychological, and physical con-sequences to children and parents victimized by international parental child abduction: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes and observes ‘‘International Parental Child Ab-duction Month’’ during the period beginning on April 1, 2018, and ending on May 1, 2018, to raise awareness of, and opposition to, inter-national parental child abduction. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 432—CON-GRATULATING THE BALTIC STATES OF ESTONIA, LATVIA, AND LITHUANIA ON THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THEIR DEC-LARATIONS OF INDEPENDENCE Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: S. R ES. 432 Whereas, in 1918, the people of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania declared their inde-pendence on February 24, November 18, and February 16, respectively, as sovereign, democratic countries; Whereas, on July 28, 1922, the United States formally recognized Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania as independent countries; Whereas the United States refused to rec-ognize the Soviet Union’s forcible incorpora-tion of the Baltic states; Whereas, in August 1991, the Baltic states regained their de facto independence from the Soviet Union, and on September 2, 1991, President George H. W. Bush recognized the restoration of their independence, reestab-lishing full diplomatic relations between the United States and Estonia, Latvia, and Lith-uania several days later; Whereas, in the United States, commu-nities of Baltic descent have contributed sig-nificantly to American culture, prosperity, and security and have helped strengthen United States relations with the Baltic states; Whereas relations between the United States and Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania have developed into a robust partnership based on shared values and principles, in-cluding respect for the rule of law, human rights, freedom of speech, and free trade; Whereas Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania have shown their resolve as responsible and dedicated members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) by contributing to regional and global security, including to operations in Afghanistan; Whereas the Baltic states have been lead-ers in addressing and combatting 21st cen-tury security threats, exemplified by their active leadership and advancement of the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence in Estonia, the NATO Strategic Communications Center of Excellence in Latvia, and the NATO Energy Security Cen-ter of Excellence in Lithuania; and Whereas Russia’s continued aggressive and provocative actions against its neighboring countries, including violations of sovereign Baltic airspace, test both the region and the NATO alliance: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the people of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of their declarations of independence; (2) commends the people and Governments of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania for their successful reforms and remarkable economic growth since 1991; (3) applauds the productive partnership the United States enjoys with the Baltic states in many spheres, including NATO; (4) recognizes the determination of the Governments of Estonia, Latvia, and Lith-uania to strengthen transatlantic security through defense spending and host nation support for NATO deployments; (5) recognizes the commitment among the Baltic states to further respect for the val-ues of democracy and human rights within their own countries and abroad; and (6) reiterates the continued support of Con-gress for the European Deterrence Initiative as a means for enhancing deterrence and in-creasing military capabilities on NATO’s eastern flank. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2192. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO  (for himself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. TESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance con-sumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2193. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2194. Mr. WICKER (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2195. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2196. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
RAPO (for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2197. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
RAPO (for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2198. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him- self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2199. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2200. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him- self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2201. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2202. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for himself, Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W
ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2203. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2204. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2205. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2206. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2207. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
RAPO (for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2208. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2152 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.015 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1635 March 12, 2018 
proposed by Mr. C RAPO (for himself, Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W
ARNER ) to the amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him- self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2192. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 105, strike line 25 and all that follows through page 106, line 7, and insert the following: ‘‘(B) what constitutes appropriate proof.’’. 
SA 2193. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 402. 
SA 2194. Mr. WICKER (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN NON-SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS IN THE CAPITAL OF UNCONSOLIDATED FI-NANCIAL INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828), as amended by section 403(a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(bb) T
REATMENT OF NONSIGNIFICANT IN-
VESTMENTS IN THE CAPITAL OF UNCONSOLI -
DATED FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .—For pur- poses of the final rules titled ‘Regulatory Capital Rules: Regulatory Capital, Imple-mentation of Basel III, Capital Adequacy, Transition Provisions, Prompt Corrective Action, Standardized Approach for Risk- weighted Assets, Market Discipline and Dis-closure Requirements, Advanced Approaches Risk-Based Capital Rule, and Market Risk Capital Rule’ (78 Fed. Reg. 62018; published Oct. 11, 2013 and 79 Fed. Reg. 20754; published April 14, 2014) and any other regulation which incorporates a definition of the term ‘nonsignificant investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions’, the appropriate Federal banking agencies shall provide that investments in trust preferred securities (pooled and individual instru-ments) by a depository institution with as-sets of less than $15,000,000,000 as of July 21, 2010, or a depository institution holding com-pany with assets of less than $15,000,000,000 as of July 21, 2010, shall not be subject to deduc-tion from the regulatory capital of such de-pository institution or depository institu-tion holding company or any depository in-stitution holding company of such an insti-tution, provided such investments were held prior to July 21, 2010.’’. (b) AMENDMENT TO BASEL III C APITAL REG-
ULATIONS .—Not later than the end of the 3- month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall amend the final rules titled ‘‘Regulatory Capital Rules: Regulatory Capital, Implementation of Basel III, Capital Adequacy, Transition Provisions, Prompt Corrective Action, Standardized Approach for Risk-weighted Assets, Market Discipline and Disclosure Re-quirements, Advanced Approaches Risk- Based Capital Rule, and Market Risk Capital Rule’’ (78 Fed. Reg. 62018; published Oct. 11, 2013 and 79 Fed. Reg. 20754; published April 14, 2014) to implement the amendments made by this Act. 
SA 2195. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. RESTORING MAIN STREET INVESTOR PROTECTION AND CONFIDENCE. 
(a) S ECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
OF1970 A MENDMENTS .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT OF TRUSTEES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5(b)(3) of the Se-curities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78eee(b)(3)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) A
PPOINTMENT OF TRUSTEE AND ATTOR -
NEY.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the court issues a pro-tective decree under paragraph (1), such court shall forthwith appoint, as trustee for the liquidation of the business of the debtor and as attorney for the trustee, such persons as the court determines best fit to serve as trustee and as attorney from among the per-sons selected by the Commission pursuant to subparagraph (B). The persons appointed as trustee and as attorney for the trustee may be associated with the same firm. ‘‘(B) C
OMMISSION CANDIDATES .—The Com-mission shall maintain a list of candidates for the position of trustee and attorney for the trustee for a debtor in a liquidation pro-ceedings, and shall periodically update the list, as appropriate. With respect to a debtor and upon the court issuing a protective de-cree under paragraph (1), the Commission shall forthwith provide the court with such list. ‘‘(C) D
ISINTEREST REQUIREMENT .—No person may be appointed to serve as trustee or at-torney for the trustee if such person is not disinterested within the meaning of para-graph (6), except that for any specified pur-pose other than to represent a trustee in con-ducting a liquidation proceeding, the trustee may, with the approval of SIPC and the court, employ an attorney who is not disin-terested. ‘‘(D) Q
UALIFICATION .—A trustee appointed under this paragraph shall qualify by filing a bond in the manner prescribed by section 322 of title 11, United States Code, except that neither SIPC nor any employee of SIPC shall be required to file a bond when appointed as trustee. ‘‘(E) P
ROHIBITION ON TRUSTEE SERVING IN  
MULTIPLE LIQUIDATIONS .—A trustee may not be appointed under this paragraph if the trustee is currently serving as trustee for the liquidation of the business of another debtor under this Act.’’. (B) COMPENSATION FOR TRUSTEE AND ATTOR -
NEY.—Section 5(b)(5) of the Securities Inves-tor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78eee(b)(5)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The court shall publicly disclose all such allowances that are grant-ed.’’; (ii) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) A
WARDING OF ALLOWANCES .—Whenever an application for allowances is filed pursu-ant to subparagraph (B), the court shall de-termine the amount of allowances, giving due consideration to the nature, extent, and value of the services rendered.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) SIPC 
DISCLOSURES .—SIPC shall issue quarterly public reports on— ‘‘(i) all payments made by SIPC to the trustee; ‘‘(ii) all other costs in connection with the liquidation proceeding, including legal and accounting costs; and ‘‘(iii) all additional expenses incurred by SIPC, and the nature of such expenses.’’. (C) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall apply with respect to trustees and attorneys appointed after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) D
EFINITION OF CUSTOMER STATUS .—Sec- tion 16(2)(B) of the Securities Investor Pro-tection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78lll(2)(B)) is amended— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) any person that had cash or securities that were converted or otherwise misappro-priated by the debtor (or any person that controls, is controlled by, or is under com-mon control with the debtor, if such person was operating through the debtor), irrespec-tive of whether the debtor held or otherwise had custody, possession, or control of such cash or securities; and ‘‘(v) any other person that the Commis-sion, in its discretion and without any need for court approval, deems a customer of the debtor.’’. (3) C
OMMISSION AUTHORITY TO REQUIRE SIPC  
ACTION .—Section 11(b) of the Securities In-vestor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78ggg(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
OMMISSION AUTHORITY TOREQUIRE  SIPC A
CTION .—In the event of the refusal of SIPC to commit its funds or otherwise to act for the protection of customers of any mem-ber of SIPC, the Commission may require SIPC to discharge its obligations under this Act without court approval.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Except as provided under subsection (a)(1)(C), the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to a liquidation proceeding under the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78aaa et seq.) that— (1) was in progress on the date of enact-ment of this Act; or (2) is initiated after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2196. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.017 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1636 March 12, 2018 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 73, line 20, strike ‘‘subcontractor’’ and insert ‘‘contractor’’. On page 73, line 23, strike ‘‘The’’ and insert ‘‘In accordance with section 1106 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1306), the’’. On page 75, line 23, insert ‘‘and any addi-tional privacy and data security require-ments that the Commissioner may require,’’ before ‘‘with respect to’’. On page 76, between lines 3 and 4, insert the following: (5) Any other declaration, as determined necessary by the Commissioner. On page 76, beginning on line 21, strike ‘‘in section 106’’ and all that follows through line 23 and insert the following: ‘‘for purposes of section 3504 of title 44, United States Code, and must comply with any other require-ments for obtaining the electronic consent of the individual that the Commissioner may require.’’. On page 77, line 11, insert ‘‘electronic sig-nature processes and’’ before ‘‘the database’’. On page 78, line 5, insert ‘‘, and the Com-missioner may (in addition to any action taken by such agencies) suspend or termi-nate the provision of fraud protection data under this section to any permitted entity that violates this section or its certification under this section’’ before the period. On page 78, lines 7 and 8, by striking ‘‘, pur-suant to an audit described in paragraph (1),’’. 
SA 2197. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 401(f), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), insert after ‘‘Regulations,’’ the following: ‘‘or any intermediate holding company that meets the requirements under section 252.153 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act, with respect to a for-eign banking organization (as defined in sec-tion 211.21 of title 12, Code of Federal Regula-tions) that has been identified as a global systemically important bank by the Finan-cial Stability Board,’’. Strike section 401(g). 
SA 2198. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by that Act are restored or revived as if the Act had not been enacted. 
SA 2199. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory re-lief, and enhance consumer protec-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FINANCIAL INSTITUTION CUSTOMER PROTECTION. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR DEPOSIT ACCOUNT  T
ERMINATION REQUESTS AND ORDERS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (A) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’— (i) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (ii) means the National Credit Union Ad-ministration, in the case of an insured credit union. (B) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘depository institution’’— (i) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (ii) includes an insured credit union. (C) I
NSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘in-sured credit union’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). (2) T
ERMINATION REQUESTS OR ORDERS MUST  
BE VALID .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not formally or infor-mally request or order a depository institu-tion to terminate a specific customer ac-count, or a group of customer accounts, or to otherwise restrict or discourage a depository institution from entering into or maintain-ing a banking relationship with a specific customer, or a group of customers, unless— (i) the agency has a valid reason for the re-quest or order; and (ii) the reason described in clause (i) is not based solely on reputation risk to the deposi-tory institution. (B) T
REATMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
THREATS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency has a belief described in clause (ii) of this subparagraph, that belief shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) with respect to a request or order described in that subparagraph. (ii) B
ELIEF OF NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT .— A belief described in this clause is a belief by an appropriate Federal banking agency that a specific customer, or a group of customers, is, or is acting as a conduit for, an entity that— (I) poses a threat to national security; (II) is involved in terrorist financing; (III) is an agency of the Government of Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any country listed from time to time on the state sponsor of terrorism list; (IV) is located in, or is subject to the juris-diction of, any country described in sub-clause (III); or (V) does business with any entity described in subclause (III) or (IV), unless the appro-priate Federal banking agency determines that the customer, or group of customers, has exercised due diligence to avoid doing business with any such entity. (3) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency formally or informally re-quests or orders that a depository institu-tion terminate a specific customer account, or a group of customer accounts, the appro-priate Federal banking agency shall pro-vide— (i) the request or order to the depository institution in writing; and (ii) along with the request or order pro-vided under clause (i), a written justification for why the termination is needed, including any specific law or regulation that the ap-propriate Federal banking agency believes the customer, or group of customers, is vio-lating, if any. (B) JUSTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A jus- tification provided under subparagraph (A)(ii) may not be based solely on the reputa-tion risk to the depository institution to which the justification is provided. (4) C
USTOMER NOTICE .— (A) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), or as otherwise prohib-ited from being disclosed by law, if an appro-priate Federal banking agency orders a de-pository institution to terminate a specific customer account, or a group of customer ac-counts, the depository institution shall in-form the specific customer, or group of cus-tomers, of the justification for the termi-nation provided by the appropriate Federal banking agency under paragraph (3)(A)(ii). (B) N
OTICE PROHIBITED .— (i) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN CASES OF NATIONAL  
SECURITY .—If an appropriate Federal bank-ing agency requests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, or a group of customer accounts, based on a belief that the customer, or group of customers, poses a threat to national se-curity, or is otherwise described in para-graph (2)(B)(ii), neither the depository insti-tution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the customer, or group of customers, of the justification for the termi-nation of the account or accounts, as appli-cable. (ii) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN OTHER CASES .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency de-termines that the notice required under sub-paragraph (A) may interfere with an author-ized criminal investigation, neither the de-pository institution that is required to pro-vide the notice nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the specific cus-tomer, or group of customers, of the jus-tification for the termination of the account or accounts, as applicable. (5) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each appro-priate Federal banking agency shall submit to Congress an annual report that contains— (A) the aggregate number of specific cus-tomer accounts that the agency requested or ordered that a depository institution termi-nate during the year covered by the report; (B) the legal authority on which the agen-cy relied in making the requests and orders described in subparagraph (A); and (C) the frequency with which the agency relied on each legal authority described in subparagraph (B). 
SA 2200. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. C
RAPO (for himself, Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W
ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to pro-mote economic growth, provide tai-lored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FINANCIAL INSTITUTION CUSTOMER PROTECTION. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR DEPOSIT ACCOUNT  T
ERMINATION REQUESTS AND ORDERS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.018 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1637 March 12, 2018 
(A) A PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’— (i) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (ii) means the National Credit Union Ad-ministration, in the case of an insured credit union. (B) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘depository institution’’— (i) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (ii) includes an insured credit union. (C) I
NSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘in-sured credit union’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). (2) T
ERMINATION REQUESTS OR ORDERS MUST  
BE VALID .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not formally or infor-mally request or order a depository institu-tion to terminate a specific customer ac-count, or a group of customer accounts, or to otherwise restrict or discourage a depository institution from entering into or maintain-ing a banking relationship with a specific customer, or a group of customers, unless— (i) the agency has a valid reason for the re-quest or order; and (ii) the reason described in clause (i) is not based solely on reputation risk to the deposi-tory institution. (B) T
REATMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
THREATS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency has a belief described in clause (ii) of this subparagraph, that belief shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) with respect to a request or order described in that subparagraph. (ii) B
ELIEF OF NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT .— A belief described in this clause is a belief by an appropriate Federal banking agency that a specific customer, or a group of customers, is, or is acting as a conduit for, an entity that— (I) poses a threat to national security; (II) is involved in terrorist financing; (III) is an agency of the Government of Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any country listed from time to time on the state sponsor of terrorism list; (IV) is located in, or is subject to the juris-diction of, any country described in sub-clause (III); or (V) does business with any entity described in subclause (III) or (IV), unless the appro-priate Federal banking agency determines that the customer, or group of customers, has exercised due diligence to avoid doing business with any such entity. (3) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency formally or informally re-quests or orders that a depository institu-tion terminate a specific customer account, or a group of customer accounts, the appro-priate Federal banking agency shall pro-vide— (i) the request or order to the depository institution in writing; and (ii) along with the request or order pro-vided under clause (i), a written justification for why the termination is needed, including any specific law or regulation that the ap-propriate Federal banking agency believes the customer, or group of customers, is vio-lating, if any. (B) J
USTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A jus- tification provided under subparagraph (A)(ii) may not be based solely on the reputa-tion risk to the depository institution to which the justification is provided. (4) C
USTOMER NOTICE .— (A) NOTICE REQUIRED .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), or as otherwise prohib-ited from being disclosed by law, if an appro-priate Federal banking agency orders a de-pository institution to terminate a specific customer account, or a group of customer ac-counts, the depository institution shall in-form the specific customer, or group of cus-tomers, of the justification for the termi-nation provided by the appropriate Federal banking agency under paragraph (3)(A)(ii). (B) N
OTICE PROHIBITED .— (i) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN CASES OF NATIONAL  
SECURITY .—If an appropriate Federal bank-ing agency requests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, or a group of customer accounts, based on a belief that the customer, or group of customers, poses a threat to national se-curity, or is otherwise described in para-graph (2)(B)(ii), neither the depository insti-tution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the customer, or group of customers, of the justification for the termi-nation of the account or accounts, as appli-cable. (ii) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN OTHER CASES .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency de-termines that the notice required under sub-paragraph (A) may interfere with an author-ized criminal investigation, neither the de-pository institution that is required to pro-vide the notice nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the specific cus-tomer, or group of customers, of the jus-tification for the termination of the account or accounts, as applicable. (5) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each appro-priate Federal banking agency shall submit to Congress an annual report that contains— (A) the aggregate number of specific cus-tomer accounts that the agency requested or ordered that a depository institution termi-nate during the year covered by the report; (B) the legal authority on which the agen-cy relied in making the requests and orders described in subparagraph (A); and (C) the frequency with which the agency relied on each legal authority described in subparagraph (B). 
SA 2201. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory re-lief, and enhance consumer protec-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2018’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to increase accountability for and trans-parency in the Federal regulatory process. Section 1 of article I of the United States Constitution grants all legislative powers to Congress. Over time, Congress has exces-sively delegated its constitutional charge while failing to conduct appropriate over-sight and retain accountability for the con-tent of the laws it passes. By requiring a vote in Congress, the REINS Act will result in more carefully drafted and detailed legis-lation, an improved regulatory process, and a legislative branch that is truly account-able to the American people for the laws im-posed upon them. (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF AGENCY  R
ULEMAKING .—Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 8—CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF AGENCY RULEMAKING ‘‘Sec. ‘‘801. Congressional review. ‘‘802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules. ‘‘803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules. ‘‘804. Definitions. ‘‘805. Judicial review. ‘‘806. Exemption for monetary policy. ‘‘807. Effective date of certain rules. ‘‘§ 801. Congressional review ‘‘(a)(1)(A) Before a rule may take effect, the Federal agency promulgating such rule shall publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the rule is based, in-cluding data, scientific and economic stud-ies, and cost-benefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such information online, and shall submit to each House of the Congress and to the Comptroller General a report containing— ‘‘(i) a copy of the rule; ‘‘(ii) a concise general statement relating to the rule; ‘‘(iii) a classification of the rule as a major or nonmajor rule, including an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each criteria for a major rule contained within subparagraphs (A) through (C) of sec-tion 804(2); ‘‘(iv) a list of any other related regulatory actions intended to implement the same statutory provision or regulatory objective as well as the individual and aggregate eco-nomic effects of those actions; and ‘‘(v) the proposed effective date of the rule. ‘‘(B) On the date of the submission of the report under subparagraph (A), the Federal agency promulgating the rule shall submit to the Comptroller General and make avail-able to each House of Congress— ‘‘(i) a complete copy of the cost-benefit analysis of the rule, if any, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, differen-tiating between public and private sector jobs; ‘‘(ii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sec-tions 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of this title; ‘‘(iii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sec-tions 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995; and ‘‘(iv) any other relevant information or re-quirements under any other Act and any rel-evant Executive orders. ‘‘(C) Upon receipt of a report submitted under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and ranking member of each standing com-mittee with jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(2)(A) The Comptroller General shall pro-vide a report on each major rule to the com-mittees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 cal-endar days after the submission or publica-tion date. The report of the Comptroller General shall include an assessment of the agency’s compliance with procedural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assess-ment of whether the major rule imposes any new limits or mandates on private-sector ac-tivity. ‘‘(B) Federal agencies shall cooperate with the Comptroller General by providing infor-mation relevant to the Comptroller Gen-eral’s report under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) A major rule relating to a report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall take effect upon enactment of a joint resolution of ap-proval described in section 802 or as provided for in the rule following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 802, whichever is later. ‘‘(4) A nonmajor rule shall take effect as provided by section 803 after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1638 March 12, 2018 
‘‘(5) If a joint resolution of approval relat-ing to a major rule is not enacted within the period provided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint resolution of approval relating to the same rule may not be considered under this chapter in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. ‘‘(b)(1) A major rule shall not take effect unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval described under section 802. ‘‘(2) If a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 session days or legislative days, as ap-plicable, beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is re-ceived by Congress (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), then the rule described in that resolution shall be deemed not to be approved and such rule shall not take effect. ‘‘(c)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section (except subject to para-graph (3)), a major rule may take effect for one 90-calendar-day period if the President makes a determination under paragraph (2) and submits written notice of such deter-mination to the Congress. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to a determina-tion made by the President by Executive order that the major rule should take effect because such rule is— ‘‘(A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emer-gency; ‘‘(B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; ‘‘(C) necessary for national security; or ‘‘(D) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. ‘‘(3) An exercise by the President of the au-thority under this subsection shall have no effect on the procedures under section 802. ‘‘(d)(1) In addition to the opportunity for review otherwise provided under this chap-ter, in the case of any rule for which a report was submitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occurring— ‘‘(A) in the case of the Senate, 60 session days; or ‘‘(B) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, 60 legislative days, before the date the Congress is scheduled to adjourn a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Con-gress first convenes its next session, sections 802 and 803 shall apply to such rule in the succeeding session of Congress. ‘‘(2)(A) In applying sections 802 and 803 for purposes of such additional review, a rule de-scribed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as though— ‘‘(i) such rule were published in the Federal Register on— ‘‘(I) in the case of the Senate, the 15th ses-sion day; or ‘‘(II) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, the 15th legislative day, after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes; and ‘‘(ii) a report on such rule were submitted to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that a report shall be sub-mitted to Congress before a rule can take ef-fect. ‘‘(3) A rule described under paragraph (1) shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including other subsections of this sec-tion). ‘‘§ 802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules ‘‘(a)(1) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution addressing a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii) that— ‘‘(A) bears no preamble; ‘‘(B) bears the following title (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘Approving the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’; ‘‘(C) includes after its resolving clause only the following (with blanks filled as appro-priate): ‘That Congress approves the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’; and ‘‘(D) is introduced pursuant to paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) After a House of Congress receives a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii), the majority lead-er of that House (or his or her respective des-ignee) shall introduce (by request, if appro-priate) a joint resolution described in para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, within 3 legislative days; and ‘‘(B) in the case of the Senate, within 3 ses-sion days. ‘‘(3) A joint resolution described in para-graph (1) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in sub-section (a) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdic-tion over the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee or committees to which a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its introduction, such committee or committees shall be automatically dis-charged from further consideration of the resolution and it shall be placed on the cal-endar. A vote on final passage of the resolu-tion shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolution is reported by the committee or committees to which it was referred, or after such com-mittee or committees have been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee or committees to which a joint resolution is referred have reported, or when a committee or committees are discharged (under sub-section (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-tion, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint res-olution, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A mo-tion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a mo-tion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a), and a sin-gle quorum call at the conclusion of the de-bate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the House of Representatives, if any committee to which a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) has been referred has not reported it to the House at the end of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate cal-endar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 legislative days to call up that joint resolu-tion for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be de-batable for 1 hour equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without intervening motion. It shall not be in order to reconsider the vote on passage. If a vote on final pas-sage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(f)(1) If, before passing a joint resolution described in subsection (a), one House re-ceives from the other a joint resolution hav-ing the same text, then— ‘‘(A) the joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee; and ‘‘(B) the procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolu-tion received from the other House shall sup-plant the joint resolution of the receiving House. ‘‘(2) This subsection shall not apply to the House of Representatives if the joint resolu-tion received from the Senate is a revenue measure. ‘‘(g) If either House has not taken a vote on final passage of the joint resolution by the last day of the period described in sec-tion 801(b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(h) This section and section 803 are en-acted by Congress— ‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such is deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) and superseding other rules only where explicitly so; and ‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the 
rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. ‘‘§ 803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules ‘‘(a) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolu-tion introduced in the period beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Con-gress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress dis-approves the nonmajor rule submitted by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.022 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1639 March 12, 2018 
lll relating to lll, and such rule shall have no force or effect.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in sub-section (a) shall be referred to the commit-tees in each House of Congress with jurisdic-tion. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee to which is referred a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has not reported such joint resolution (or an identical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be discharged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee to which a joint resolution is referred has re-ported, or when a committee is discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consider-ation of a joint resolution described in sub-section (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amend-ment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint res-olution, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a), and a sin-gle quorum call at the conclusion of the de-bate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the Senate, the procedure specified in subsection (c) or (d) shall not apply to the consideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor rule— ‘‘(1) after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning with the applicable submis-sion or publication date; or ‘‘(2) if the report under section 801(a)(1)(A) was submitted during the period referred to in section 801(d)(1), after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning on the 15th ses-sion day after the succeeding session of Con-gress first convenes. ‘‘(f) If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of that House described in subsection (a), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(1) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. ‘‘(2) With respect to a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) of the House receiv-ing the joint resolution— ‘‘(A) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but ‘‘(B) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. ‘‘§ 804. Definitions ‘‘For purposes of this chapter: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Federal agency’ means— ‘‘(A) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; ‘‘(B) the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; ‘‘(C) the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration; ‘‘(D) the National Credit Union Adminis-tration; ‘‘(E) the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion; ‘‘(F) the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission; ‘‘(G) the Federal Housing Finance Agency; ‘‘(H) the Farm Credit Administration; and ‘‘(I) the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. ‘‘(2) The term ‘major rule’ means any rule, including an interim final rule, that the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— ‘‘(A) an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more; ‘‘(B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geo-graphic regions; or ‘‘(C) significant adverse effects on competi-tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and ex-port markets. ‘‘(3) The term ‘nonmajor rule’ means any rule that is not a major rule. ‘‘(4) The term ‘rule’ has the meaning given such term in section 551, except that such term does not include— ‘‘(A) any rule of particular applicability, including a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefore, corporate or finan-cial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the fore-going; ‘‘(B) any rule relating to agency manage-ment or personnel; or ‘‘(C) any rule of agency organization, pro-cedure, or practice that does not substan-tially affect the rights or obligations of non- agency parties. ‘‘(5) The term ‘submission or publication date’, except as otherwise provided in this chapter, means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a major rule, the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a nonmajor rule, the later of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the Congress re-ceives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(ii) the date on which the nonmajor rule is published in the Federal Register, if so published. ‘‘§ 805. Judicial review ‘‘(a) No determination, finding, action, or omission under this chapter shall be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a court may determine whether a Federal agency has completed the necessary require-ments under this chapter for a rule to take effect. ‘‘(c) The enactment of a joint resolution of approval under section 802 shall not be inter-preted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Congress for the pro-mulgation of a rule, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or pro-cedural, against any alleged defect in a rule, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding con-cerning a rule except for purposes of deter-mining whether or not the rule is in effect. ‘‘§ 806. Exemption for monetary policy ‘‘Nothing in this chapter shall apply to rules that concern monetary policy proposed or implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee. ‘‘§ 807. Effective date of certain rules ‘‘Notwithstanding section 801— ‘‘(1) any rule that establishes, modifies, opens, closes, or conducts a regulatory pro-gram for a commercial, recreational, or sub-sistence activity related to hunting, fishing, or camping; or ‘‘(2) any rule other than a major rule which an agency for good cause finds (and incor-porates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefore in the rule issued) that no-tice and public procedure thereon are im-practicable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest, shall take effect at such time as the Federal agency promulgating the rule determines.’’. (d) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT  
TOSECTION 802 OFTITLE 5, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—Section 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 907(b)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(E) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT  
TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Any rules subject to the congres-sional approval procedure set forth in sec-tion 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, affecting budget authority, outlays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effective un-less it is not approved in accordance with such section.’’. (e) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  S
TUDY OF RULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to determine, as of the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) how many rules (as such term is de-fined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; (B) how many major rules (as such term is defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; and (C) the total estimated economic cost im-posed by all such rules. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that contains the findings of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
SA 2202. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FAIR ATM FEES. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO THE ELECTRONIC FUND T
RANSFER ACT.—Section 904(d)(3) of the Elec-tronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693b(d)(3)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.022 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1640 March 12, 2018 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking the subparagraph heading and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) F
EE DISCLOSURE .—’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) R
EGULATION OF FEES .—The regula-tions prescribed under paragraph (1) shall re-quire— ‘‘(i) any fee charged by an automated teller machine operator for a transaction con-ducted at that automated teller machine to bear a reasonable relation to the cost of processing the transaction, and in no case shall any such fee exceed $2.00; and ‘‘(ii) any fee charged by a financial institu-tion for a transaction conducted at an auto-mated teller machine to bear a reasonable relation to the cost of processing the trans-action by the financial institution, and in no case shall any such fee exceed $2.00.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (c) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall promulgate regulations to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section. 
SA 2203. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2155, to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. REPORT ON ERRORS BY CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES. 
The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion shall submit to Congress a report on the errors made by consumer reporting agencies that damage the credit of consumers. 
SA 2204. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2155, to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENT OF BANKS THAT RE-CEIVE TAXPAYER-FUNDED BAIL-OUTS TO DISCHARGE STUDENT LOAN DEBT. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any bank that receives a taxpayer-fund-ed bailout similar to the relief provided under the Troubled Asset Relief Program es-tablished under title I of the Emergency Eco-nomic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5211 et seq.) shall discharge any student loan debt held by the bank. 
SA 2205. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2155, to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regu-latory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. VISITORIAL POWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The sixth undesignated paragraph of section 5240 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 484) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (B) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) lawfully authorized State auditors and examiners may, at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice to a bank, review its records solely to ensure compliance with ap-plicable State unclaimed property or escheat laws upon reasonable cause to believe that the bank has failed to comply with such laws; ‘‘(ii) an attorney general (or other chief law enforcement officer) of a State may issue subpoenas or administer oversight and examination to national banks or officers of national banks based upon reasonable cause to believe that the national bank or an offi-cer of a national bank has failed to comply with applicable State laws; and ‘‘(iii) national banks shall submit to an at-torney general (or other chief law enforce-ment officer) of a State aggregate loan data, types of products, any other information that the national bank determines is appro-priate for each State.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on how many enforcement actions could have been initiated after the financial crisis if State attorneys general had visitorial powers. 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENT OF BANKS THAT RE-CEIVE TAXPAYER-FUNDED BAIL-OUTS TO DISCHARGE STUDENT LOAN DEBT. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any bank that receives a taxpayer-fund-ed bailout similar to the relief provided under the Troubled Asset Relief Program es-tablished under title I of the Emergency Eco-nomic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5211 et seq.) shall discharge any student loan debt held by the bank. 
SA 2206. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory re-lief, and enhance consumer protec-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF FIDUCIARY RULE OF DE-PARTMENT OF LABOR. 
The final rule of the Department of Labor entitled ‘‘Definition of the Term ‘Fiduciary’; Conflict of Interest Rule—Retirement In-vestment Advice’’, published April 8, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 20946), shall have no force or effect. 
SA 2207. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2151 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. W ARNER )) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 106, strike lines 1 through 7. 
SA 2208. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2152 proposed by Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W AR-
NER) to the amendment SA 2151 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
RAPO (for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W AR-
NER)) to the bill S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored reg-ulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FAIR AND ACCURATE INFORMATION REPORTING FOR CONSUMERS. 
(a) F REE AND EASY ACCESS TO PERSONAL  D
ATA.—Section 612(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681j(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) O
NLINE CONSUMER PORTAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subpara-graph, each consumer reporting agency de-scribed in section 603(p) shall develop an on-line consumer portal that gives each con-sumer— ‘‘(I) unlimited free access to— ‘‘(aa) the consumer report of the consumer; ‘‘(bb) the means by which the consumer may exercise the rights of the consumer under subparagraph (E) and section 604(e)(2)(B); ‘‘(cc) the ability to initiate a dispute with the consumer reporting agency regarding the accuracy or completeness of any information in a report in accordance with section 623(a)(3); ‘‘(dd) the ability to freeze a consumer re-port for free; ‘‘(ee) if the consumer reporting agency of-fers a product to consumers to prevent ac-cess to the consumer report of the consumer for the purpose of preventing identity theft, a disclosure to the consumer regarding the differences between that product and a credit freeze; and ‘‘(ff) information on who has accessed the consumer report of the consumer and for what permissible purpose the consumer re-port was furnished in accordance with sec-tion 604 and section 609; and ‘‘(II) access to a free, annual credit score of the consumer in accordance with section 609(f)(7)(A). ‘‘(ii) N
O WAIVER .—A consumer reporting agency described in section 603(p) may not require a consumer to waive any legal or pri-vacy rights to access— ‘‘(I) a portal established under this sub-paragraph; or ‘‘(II) any of the services described in sub-clauses (I) or (II) of clause (i) that are pro-vided through a portal established under this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) N
O ADVERTISING OR SOLICITATIONS .—A portal established under this subparagraph may not contain any advertising, marketing offers, or other solicitations. ‘‘(E) O
PT-OUT OPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If a consumer reporting agency sells or shares consumer information in a manner that is not a consumer report, the consumer reporting agency shall provide each consumer with a clear, free method, through a website, by phone, or in writing, by which the consumer may elect not to have the information of the consumer so sold or shared. ‘‘(ii) N
O EXPIRATION .—An election made by a consumer under regulations promulgated under clause (i) shall expire on the date on which the consumer expressly revokes the election through a website, by phone, or in writing.’’. (b) A
CCURACY IN CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 607 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.023 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1641 March 12, 2018 
U.S.C. 1681e) is amended by striking sub-section (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
NSURING ACCURACY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever a consumer re-porting agency prepares a consumer report it shall follow reasonable procedures to assure maximum possible accuracy of the informa-tion concerning the individual about whom the report relates. ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING .—In assuring the maximum possible accuracy under paragraph (1), each consumer reporting agency described in sec-tion 603(p) shall ensure that, when including information in the file of a consumer, the consumer reporting agency matches all 9 digits of the social security number of the consumer with the information that the con-sumer reporting agency is including in the file. ‘‘(3) P
ERIODIC AUDITS .—Each consumer re-porting agency shall perform periodic audits on a representative sample of consumer re-ports to check for accuracy.’’. (c) I
MPROVED DISPUTE PROCESS FOR CON-
SUMER REPORTING AGENCIES .— (1) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF FURNISHERS OF IN -
FORMATION TO CONSUMER REPORTING AGEN -
CIES.—Section 623(a)(8)(F)(i)(II) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s– 2(a)(8)(F)(i)(II)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and does not include any new or additional information that would be relevant to a re-investigation’’ before the period at the end. (2) FTC 
OBMUDSPERSON .—Section 611(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681i(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) FTC 
OMBUDSPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Federal Trade Commission shall create the position of ombudsperson for the purpose of resolving persistent errors that are not resolved in a timely manner by a consumer reporting agency or addressing violations of paragraph (5). ‘‘(B) C
IVIL FINES .—The ombudsperson de-scribed in subparagraph (A) may levy a civil fine of not more than $3,500 per violation on a consumer reporting agency if the consumer reporting agency repeatedly fails to resolve disputes in a timely manner or to comply with paragraph (5).’’. (3) P
ROVISION AND CONSIDERATION OF DOCU -
MENTATION PROVIDED BY CONSUMERS .—The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 611 (15 U.S.C. 1681i)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) O
BLIGATIONS OF CONSUMER REPORTING  
AGENCIES RELATING TO REINVESTIGATIONS .— Commensurate with the volume and com-plexity of disputes about which a consumer reporting agency receives notice, or reason-ably anticipates to receive notice, under this paragraph, each consumer reporting agency shall— ‘‘(i) maintain sufficient personnel to con-duct reinvestigations of those disputes; and ‘‘(ii) provide training with respect to the personnel described in clause (i).’’; (II) in paragraph (2)— (aa) in subparagraph (A), in the second sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘, including all docu-mentation provided by the consumer’’ after ‘‘received from the consumer or reseller’’; and (bb) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding all documentation provided by the consumer,’’ after ‘‘from the consumer or the reseller’’; (III) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding all documentation,’’ after ‘‘relevant information’’; and (IV) in paragraph (6)(B)— (aa) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) a description of the actions taken by the consumer reporting agency regarding the dispute; ‘‘(iv) if applicable, contact information for any furnisher involved in responding to the dispute and a description of the role played by the furnisher in the reinvestigation proc-ess; ‘‘(v) a description of the results of the dis-pute, including if applicable the specific modification or deletion of information that was made to the file of the consumer fol-lowing the reinvestigation; and ‘‘(vi) the options available to the consumer if the consumer is dissatisfied with the re-sult, including— ‘‘(I) submitting documents in support of the dispute; ‘‘(II) adding a consumer statement to the file; ‘‘(III) filing a dispute with the furnisher; and ‘‘(IV) submitting a complaint against the consumer reporting agency or furnishers through the consumer complaint database of the Bureau, the ombudsperson of the Federal Trade Commission, or the State attorney general for the State in which the consumer resides.’’; (ii) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) NOTIFICATION OF DELETION OF INFORMA -
TION.—A consumer reporting agency de-scribed in section 603(p) shall communicate with other consumer reporting agencies de-scribed in section 603(p) to ensure that a dis-pute initiated with one consumer reporting agency is reflected in a file maintained by the other consumer reporting agencies de-scribed in section 603(p).’’; (iii) in subsection (f)(2)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, including all documentation,’’ after ‘‘rel-evant information’’; and (B) in section 623 (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2)— (i) in subsection (a)(8)(E), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) review and consider all relevant infor-mation, including all documentation, pro-vided by the consumer with the notice;’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(1), by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) review and consider all relevant infor-mation, including all documentation, pro-vided by the consumer reporting agency under section 611(a)(2);’’. (4) I
NJUNCTIVE RELIEF .—The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 616 (15 U.S.C. 1681n)— (i) in subsection (a), in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) D
AMAGES .—’’; (ii) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (iii) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) I
NJUNCTIVE RELIEF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to any other remedy under this section, a court may award injunctive relief to require compliance with the requirements imposed under this title with respect to any consumer. ‘‘(2) C
OSTS AND ATTORNEY ’S FEES .—In the event of any successful action for injunctive relief under this subsection, a court may award to the prevailing party costs and rea-sonable attorney’s fees (as determined by the court) incurred by the prevailing party dur-ing the action.’’; and (B) in section 617 (15 U.S.C. 1681o)— (i) in subsection (a), in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) D
AMAGES .—’’; (ii) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (iii) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(b) INJUNCTIVE RELIEF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to any other remedy under this section, a court may award injunctive relief to require compliance with the requirements imposed under this title with respect to any consumer. ‘‘(2) C
OSTS AND ATTORNEY ’S FEES .—In the event of any successful action for injunctive relief under this subsection, a court may award to the prevailing party costs and rea-sonable attorney’s fees (as determined by the court) incurred by the prevailing party dur-ing the action.’’. (5) E
NFORCEMENT .—Section 615(h)(8) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681m(h)(8)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘This section’’ and inserting ‘‘This subsection’’. (d) I
NCREASED TRANSPARENCY .— (1) D
ISCLOSURES TO CONSUMERS .—Section 609 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681g) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) the address and telephone number of the person; and ‘‘(iii) the permissible purpose of the person for obtaining the consumer report, including the specific type of credit product that is ex-tended, reviewed, or collected, as described in section 604(a)(3)(A).’’; (B) in subsection (f)— (i) by amending paragraph (7)(A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) supply the consumer with a credit score through the portal established under section 612(a)(1)(D) or as requested by the consumer, as applicable, that— ‘‘(i) is derived from a credit scoring model that is widely distributed to users by the consumer reporting agency for the purpose of any extension of credit or other trans-action designated by the consumer who is re-questing the credit score; or ‘‘(ii) is widely distributed to lenders of common consumer loan products and pre-dicts the future credit behavior of the con-sumer; and’’; and (ii) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, except that a credit score shall be provided free of charge to the consumer if requested in con-nection with a free annual consumer report described in section 612(a)’’ before the period at the end; and (C) in subsection (g)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (C)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘consistent with subparagraph (C)’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (C); and (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (C) through (F), respectively. (2) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— (A) A
DVERSE INFORMATION NOTIFICATION .— The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (i) in section 612 (15 U.S.C. 1681j), by strik-ing subsection (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) F
REE DISCLOSURE AFTER NOTICE OF  A
DVERSE ACTION OR OFFER OF CREDIT ON MA-
TERIALLY LESSFAVORABLE TERMS .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which a con-sumer reporting agency receives a notifica-tion under subsection (a)(2) or (h)(6) of sec-tion 615, or from a debt collection agency af-filiated with the consumer reporting agency, the consumer reporting agency shall make, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.024 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1642 March 12, 2018 
without charge to the consumer, all disclo-sures required in accordance with the rules prescribed by the Bureau.’’; and (ii) in section 615(a) (15 U.S.C. 1681m(a))— (I) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respec-tively; (II) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) direct the consumer reporting agency that provided the consumer report that was used in the decision to take the adverse ac-tion to provide the consumer with the disclo-sures described in section 612(b);’’; and (III) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated— (aa) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of the consumer’s right’’; (bb) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) that the consumer shall receive a copy of the consumer report with respect to the consumer, free of charge, from the con-sumer reporting agency that furnished the consumer report; and’’; and (cc) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘of the right of the consumer’’ before ‘‘to dis-pute’’. (B) N
OTIFICATION IN CASES OF LESS FAVOR -
ABLE TERMS .—Section 615(h) of the Fair Cred-it Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681m(h)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (7)’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘para-graph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (7)’’; (iii) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘may obtain’’ and inserting ‘‘shall receive’’; (iv) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) as paragraphs (7), (8), and (9), respec-tively; and (v) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) R
EPORTS PROVIDED TO CONSUMERS .—A person who uses a consumer report as de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall notify and di-rect the consumer reporting agency that pro-vided the consumer report to provide the consumer with the disclosures described in section 612(b).’’. (C) N
OTIFICATION OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMIS -
SIONS OF NEGATIVE INFORMATION .—Section 623(a)(7)(A)(ii) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(a)(7)(A)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘account, or customer’’ and in-serting ‘‘or account’’. (3) R
EGULATORY REFORM .—Section 621 of the Federal Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) C
ONSUMER REPORTING AGENCY REG-
ISTRY .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this subsection, the Federal Trade Commission shall establish a publicly avail-able registry of consumer reporting agencies that includes— ‘‘(A) each consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis; ‘‘(B) each nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency; ‘‘(C) all other consumer reporting agencies that are not included under section 603(p) or 603(x); and ‘‘(D) links to any relevant websites. ‘‘(2) R
EGISTRATION REQUIREMENT .—Each consumer reporting agency shall register with a registry established by the Federal Trade Commission under this subsection in a timeframe established by the Commission.’’. f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , in-tend to object to proceeding to the nomination of Jason Klitenic, of Mary-land, to be General Counsel of the Of-fice of the Director of National Intel-ligence, dated March 12, 2018. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to object to any unanimous con-sent request at the present time relat-ing to the nomination of Jason Klitenic, of Maryland, to be General Counsel of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), until the ODNI and the Office of the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community (IC IG) provide fulsome responses to questions posed and documents re-quested concerning the Acting IC IG’s efforts to terminate the Executive Di-rector for Intelligence Community Whistleblowing and Source Protection and to hamstring the whistleblower protection program in the intelligence community. To be clear, I have no concerns re-garding Mr. Klitenic’s capabilities or qualifications, and ultimately no in-tent of withholding my support for him as soon as this matter is resolved. On November 29, 2017, I sent a letter to ODNI Director Daniel Coats and to Acting IC IG Wayne Stone noting dis-turbing allegations my office received that the IC IG was moving to termi-nate the Executive Director as part of an effort to significantly weaken the IC IG’s role in ensuring consistent and ef-fective whistleblower protections throughout the intelligence commu-nity. I requested that the offices seek to preserve all information contained in the Executive Director’s office, much of which concerned highly sen-sitive protected disclosures made by individuals within the intelligence community, as well as allegations of wrongdoing against senior officials within the IC IG. I also sought all doc-uments related to the IC IG’s efforts to place the Executive Director on admin-istrative leave and pursue personnel action against him. At that time, I in-formed the Chairman of the Senate Se-lect Committee on Intelligence that I would object to any unanimous consent request to confirm Mr. Klitenic until I received an answer to my letter. To date, I have received no response. Since that time, the IC IG has indeed moved to terminate the Executive Di-rector, and I have continued to receive reports that this process has been marked by significant irregularities, conflicts of interest, and ongoing ef-forts to ‘‘stack the decks’’ in hiring prior to the arrival of a new perma-nent, Senate-confirmed head of that of-fice, who rightfully should have the au-thority to make such decisions. More-over I have reason to believe these lat-est efforts may be a direct response to displeasure within the IC IG with Congress’s exercise of its constitu-tional responsibility to provide fully informed advice and consent with re-spect to the President’s nomination of a permanent IG. If true, such behavior is totally unacceptable. It is an affront not only to this institution but to the President’s prerogative to choose nominees, with the advice and consent of the Senate, to lead the agencies under his authority. On the contrary, I would note that there is no inde-pendent authority anywhere in the Constitution granted to freewheeling bureaucrats. Based on these ongoing concerns, Senator RONWYDEN joined me in send-ing a letter on March 6, 2018 to Direc-tor Coats following up on my original letter and seeking a stay of any per-sonnel action against the Executive Di-rector until Congress has an oppor-tunity to review this action and fully understand exactly how the IC IG is, or is not, appropriately administering the IC whistleblowing program. Until we have answers, I will object to Mr. Klitenic’s confirmation. 
f 
RETURN OF PAPERS REQUEST Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sec-retary of the Senate request the return of the papers with respect to H.R. 1207. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 13; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. I further ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of S. 2155. Finally, I ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on amendment No. 2151, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:49 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
INTER -AMERICAN FOUNDATION  
KIMBERLY BREIER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE INTER–AMERICAN FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 20, 2020, VICE ADOLFO A. FRANCO, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KIMBERLY BREIER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (WESTERN HEMISPHERE AF-FAIRS), VICE ROBERTA S. JACOBSON, RESIGNED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.024 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1643 March 12, 2018 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
DALLAS L. CARLSON, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF NORTH DAKOTA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE PAUL WARD, RETIRED. SONYA K. CHAVEZ, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE CONRAD ERNEST CANDELARIA, RESIGNED. GREGORY ALLYN FOREST, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KELLY MCDADE NESBIT, RETIRED. BRENDAN O. HEFFNER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF ILLI-NOIS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KENNETH F. BOHAC, RESIGNED. BRADLEY A. MAXWELL, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF IL-LINOIS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DON SLAZINIK, RETIRED. THEODOR G. SHORT, OF MAINE, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF MAINE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE NOEL CULVER MARCH, RESIGN-ING. 
MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
DENNIS DEAN KIRK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS EXPIRING MARCH 1, 2023, VICE SUSAN TSUI GRUNDMANN, TERM EXPIRED. DENNIS DEAN KIRK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD, VICE SUSAN TSUI GRUNDMANN. ANDREW F. MAUNZ, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS EXPIRING MARCH 1, 2025, VICE MARK A. ROBBINS, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DANIEL T. LASICA THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MARK H. BERRY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. SCOTT A. STEARNEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. GREGORY N. TODD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MARK J. MOURISKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN S. LEMMON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. EILEEN H. LAUBACHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) RONALD C. COPLEY REAR ADM. (LH) KATHLEEN M. CREIGHTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRIAN K. COREY REAR ADM. (LH) LORIN C. SELBY REAR ADM. (LH) JOHNNY R. WOLFE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5149: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) DARSE E. CRANDALL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANN H. DUFF THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KRISTEN B. FABRY CAPT. JOSEPH D. NOBLE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN W. KORKA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPTAIN NANCY S. LACORE CAPTAIN THEODORE P. LECLAIR CAPTAIN ERIC C. RUTTENBERG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPTAIN HEIDI K. BERG CAPTAIN MICHAEL A. BROOKES CAPTAIN WILLIAM E. CHASE III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN J. ADAMETZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. THOMAS J. ANDERSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPTAIN JAMES A. AIKEN CAPTAIN RICHARD J. CHEESEMAN, JR. CAPTAIN CRAIG A. CLAPPERTON CAPTAIN KEITH B. DAVIDS CAPTAIN JOSEPH A. DIGUARDO, JR. CAPTAIN LEONARD C. DOLLAGA CAPTAIN CHRISTOPHER S. GRAY CAPTAIN JOHN E. GUMBLETON CAPTAIN JAMES A. KIRK CAPTAIN TIMOTHY J. KOTT CAPTAIN FREDRICK R. LUCHTMAN CAPTAIN BRENDAN R. MCLANE CAPTAIN SCOTT W. PAPPANO CAPTAIN RYAN B. SCHOLL CAPTAIN LANCE G. SCOTT CAPTAIN PHILIP E. SOBECK CAPTAIN JOHN D. SPENCER CAPTAIN DOUGLAS C. VERISSIMO CAPTAIN GEORGE M. WIKOFF 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOHN J. MORRIS MIN S. RO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER M. BELL ADRIANA B. DEJULIO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
MIKAL L. STONER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
TODD M. YOSICK 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JEFFREY G. BENTSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
NANA K. APPIAWIAH DALE F. BUTLER YIBO CHEN ASHTON H. GOLDMAN JOSEPH P. HARMON MOFEI LIU VICTOR M. MARWIN BRANDON E. PRIORESCHI ASHLIE N. WHITE JOHNATHAN F. WILLIAMS AUSTIN R. YOUNGER 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: TUYVAN NGUYEN, OF TEXAS THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: MICHAEL CALVERT, OF SOUTH DAKOTA JOSEPH CARREIRO, OF VIRGINIA SHAKIR FARSAKH, OF NEW YORK PAUL FROST, OF TEXAS JEFFREY GEIGER, OF VIRGINIA TYLER HACKING, OF WISCONSIN DANIEL LEW, OF CALIFORNIA ARLENE MAYEDA, OF VIRGINIA ALLISON MELLO, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL MIDDLETON, OF VERMONT RANDOLPH MOORE, OF FLORIDA MICHAEL MUTH, OF FLORIDA PAUL OLIVA, OF CALIFORNIA CHARLES PHILLIPS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RHONDA SINKFIELD, OF GEORGIA MICHELE SMITH, OF VIRGINIA CATHERINE WERNER, OF PENNSYLVANIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE TO BE A CONSULAR OFFICER AND A SEC-RETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: KYLE BARNETT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ROBERT BAKER, OF VIRGINIA KITISRI SUKHAPINDA, OF VIRGINIA DAMIEN FELTON, OF WISCONSIN ANDREW EDLEFSEN, OF NEVADA LAURA HAMMEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNIFER WOODS, OF WASHINGTON BRAEDEN YOUNG, OF VIRGINIA PETER MEHRAVARI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARVIN SMITH, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: BENJAMIN THOMAS ARDELL, OF CALIFORNIA JORGE MARCELO ARELLANO, OF NEW YORK DANIEL R. BAILEY, OF WASHINGTON ABINET Y. BELACHEW, OF VIRGINIA AARON JAMES BENNETT, OF CALIFORNIA TEFFERA M. BETRU, OF COLORADO NINA R. BOWEN, OF ALASKA WILLIAM EDWIN BRADLEY, OF MINNESOTA SOPHIA BREWER, OF OKLAHOMA AMBER B. BROOKS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANDREA P. CAPELLAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA SANDRO CARRILLO, OF TEXAS MELISSA RICKE CHIPILI, OF PENNSYLVANIA MATT CURTIS, OF CALIFORNIA MARY ELIZABETH DE BOER, OF OHIO KEVIN ZACHARY DEAN, OF NEW YORK KRISTA A. DESGRANGES ELKHAMRI, OF FLORIDA NIKHIL M. DIVECHA, OF MARYLAND JAIME L. DOMINGUEZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARY O. EDWARDS, OF FLORIDA MELANIE LOVE EDWARDS, OF OREGON KEISHA L. EFFIOM, OF MARYLAND ALEI H. ELDORRY, OF VIRGINIA KATRINA ERDAHL, OF VIRGINIA ARMANDO ESPINOSA, OF MARYLAND JOHN ROBERT EZELL, OF CALIFORNIA SARA KATHERINE FARNSWORTH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PAUL FIGUEROA, OF NEW MEXICO RACHEL ELIZABETH GOLDSTEIN, OF CALIFORNIA RAYMOND E. GRANT, OF VIRGINIA AMINA HALIDOU GUEYE, OF TEXAS DEBRA L. GUEYE, OF VIRGINIA SHARON M. GULICK, OF MARYLAND CHERRY M. GUMAPAS, OF WASHINGTON BETHANY ANN HABERER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA ANDREW T. HABLE, OF ILLINOIS AMY MELISSA HAMELIN, OF VIRGINIA SARAH JEAN HARRISON, OF MARYLAND MARK ADAM HENDERSON, OF FLORIDA DANIEL RUSSELL HICKS, OF VIRGINIA CHUNG WEI HUANG, OF MISSOURI BENJAMIN H. ISQUITH, OF WASHINGTON DEBBIE PATRICE JACKSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA GARY C. JAHN, OF VIRGINIA RAYMUND JOHN JOHANSEN, OF NEVADA ADAM CHRISTOPHER JUNG, OF OREGON DAVID F. KAUPER, OF CALIFORNIA STEFANIE K. KENDALL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.001 S12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1644 March 12, 2018 
MICHELLE S. KIM, OF CALIFORNIA RICHARD E. KIMBALL, OF VIRGINIA SAMUEL E. KRAEGEL, OF FLORIDA SINU KURIAN, OF NEW YORK ALEXANDER C. LANE, OF CALIFORNIA JOSEPH LEINWEBER, OF ILLINOIS ANDREW ALAN LUCAS, OF COLORADO KIMBERLY LYNN LUDWIG, OF NEVADA ERIK ANDRIS MARKOVS, OF MARYLAND ROBIN MORRISON MARTZ, OF FLORIDA SAIT MBOOB, OF TENNESSEE MICHAEL A. MCBROOM, OF MICHIGAN EDITH I. MCCLINTOCK, OF WASHINGTON DONALD MCCUBBIN, OF MARYLAND ROBERT CALVIN MCKENNEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA AMY ELIZABETH MCQUADE, OF TEXAS PATRICIA JEPTOO MENGECH, OF TEXAS EVAN MEYER, OF NEW YORK ERIN MARIE MONE-MARQUEZ, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE DANIEL MORRIS, OF NEW YORK ADAM WESLEY NORIKANE, OF WASHINGTON JENELLE M. NORIN, OF VIRGINIA MAURICE O. OGUTU, OF ILLINOIS RANDALL B. OLSON, OF MINNESOTA JULIE R. OTA, OF OREGON ROBERT EDWARD PIERCE, OF CALIFORNIA CONOR JAMES POLITZ, OF PENNSYLVANIA REBECCA MOANIKEALA ROBINSON, OF ARIZONA PATRICK EDWARD ROBISON, OF FLORIDA ALEXIS ROITER, OF MARYLAND ZAKI MOHAMAD SAAD, OF VIRGINIA NATHAN N. SAGE, OF CONNECTICUT CHRISTOPHER M. SCHAAN, OF NEVADA BENJAMIN JEFFREY SCHAPIRO, OF FLORIDA JOSEPH ALAN SCHEIBEL, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN MATTHEW SCOTT, OF VIRGINIA ROBIN SHARMA, OF FLORIDA RITU W SINGH, OF TEXAS JEFFREY M. SKARIN, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK DELINDE SMITH, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL ANTHONY SMITH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA JESSIE SNAZA, OF NEVADA ADAM P. STEFAN, OF TENNESSEE AMY L. M. STENOIEN, OF MINNESOTA ANDREA STONE, OF FLORIDA ETHAN NATHANIEL TAKAHASHI, OF TEXAS YASMEEN T. THOMASON, OF MARYLAND JEFFREY D. TILTON, OF NEVADA G. JESSICA TORRENS-SPENCE, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW K. UDZIELA, OF NORTH CAROLINA ERUMIS MIGUEL URENA, OF UTAH LUIS VELAZQUEZ, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTINE VEVERKA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHERYL YVETTE VOISARD, OF PENNSYLVANIA ANN WALLACE, OF CALIFORNIA STACY L. WALLICK, OF LOUISIANA ADAM JOSEPH WALSH, OF FLORIDA KATHLEEN K. WEBB, OF MARYLAND ANI H. ZAMGOCHIAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CLAUDE J. ZULLO, OF MARYLAND ALEXANDER ZVINAKIS, OF CALIFORNIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AG-RICULTURE TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CON-SULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: ABIGAIL MARIE NGUEMA, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.002 S12MRPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE295 March 12, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, March 13, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 14 Time to be announced Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship Business meeting to consider S. 526, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-vide for expanded participation in the microloan program, S. 791, to amend the Small Business Act to expand in-tellectual property education and training for small businesses, S. 1538, to amend the Small Business Act to es-tablish awareness of, and technical as-sistance for, the creation of employee stock ownership plans, S. 1961, to amend the Small Business Act to tem-porarily reauthorize certain pilot pro-grams under the Small Business Inno-vation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, S. 1995, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to im-prove the number of small business in-vestment companies in underlicensed States, S. 2283, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, S. 2419, to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business as-sistance services under the SBIR and STTR programs, S. 2527, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business in-vestment companies, and the nomina-tions of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Is-lands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Administration. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Parkland shooting and legislative proposals to improve school safety. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on Administration perspectives. SD–106 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘the Agriculture Creates Real Employment (ACRE) Act’’. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine Somalia’s current security and stability status. SD–419 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. SD–G50 Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans Organizational business meeting to con-sider committee rules for the second session of the 115th Congress. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Energy atomic energy defense ac-tivities and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2019 and the Future Years De-fense Program. SR–232A Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy To hold hearings to examine food secu-rity. SD–419 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine opioids in Indian country. SD–628 MARCH 15 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Pacific Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Theodore J. Garrish, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Affairs), and James Ed-ward Campos, of Nevada, to be Director of the Office of Minority Economic Im-pact, both of the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State and redesign plans. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine perspectives on the 340B Drug Discount Program. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Delaware, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida, Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Jonathan F. Mitchell, of Washington, to be Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, and William M. McSwain, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Pennsyl-vania, Matthew D. Harris, to be United States Marshal for the District of Utah, Johnny Lee Kuhlman, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Oklahoma, Joseph D. McClain, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Indiana, and David A. Weaver, to be United States Marshal for the District of Colo-rado, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Lieutenant General Paul M. Nakasone, to be Director of the Na-tional Security Agency, Department of Defense. SH–216 MARCH 20 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A MARCH 21 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Mar 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M12MR8.000 E12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE296 March 12, 2018 
Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2019 for Indian Programs. SD–628 POSTPONEMENTS 
MARCH 15 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Forest Service. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Mar 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M12MR8.000 E12MRPT1
D252 Monday, March 12, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1617–S1644 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2532–2538, and S. Res. 430–432.
                                               Pages S1629–30 
Measures Reported: S. 292, to maximize discovery, and accelerate de-velopment and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1091, to establish a Federal Task Force to Sup-port Grandparents Raising Grandchildren, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2278, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas, with an amendment.
                                   Page S1629 
Measures Considered: Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of S. 2155, to promote eco-nomic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S1619–26 
Pending: McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S1619 
Crapo Amendment No. 2152 (to Amendment No. 2151), of a perfecting nature.
                              Page S1619 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 66 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. 50), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151 (listed above). 
                                                                                            Page S1624 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, March 13, 2018; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morn-ing business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151.
                                                                                Page S1642 Tilden Veterans Post Office—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Secretary of the Senate request the return of the papers with respect to H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’.
                           Page S1642 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foun-dation for a term expiring September 20, 2020. Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Western Hemisphere Affairs). Dallas L. Carlson, of North Dakota, to be United States Marshal for the District of North Dakota for the term of four years. Sonya K. Chavez, of New Mexico, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Mexico for the term of four years. Gregory Allyn Forest, of North Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of North Carolina for the term of four years. Brendan O. Heffner, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Central District of Illinois for the term of four years. Bradley A. Maxwell, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Illinois for the term of four years. Theodor G. Short, of Maine, to be United States Marshal for the District of Maine for the term of four years. Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board for the term of seven years expiring March 1, 2023. Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board. Andrew F. Maunz, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board for the term of seven years expiring March 1, 2025. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 42 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                                                       Pages S1642–44 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S1628–29 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR8.REC D12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D253 March 12, 2018 
Executive Communications:                             Page S1629 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1630–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1632–34 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1626–28 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1634–42 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—50)
                                                                   Page S1624 Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:49 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, March 13, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1642.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, March 13, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D202) 
H.R. 1725, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. Signed on March 9, 2018. (Public Law 115–130) H.R. 3122, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to include on the internet website of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a warning regarding dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices targeting individuals who are eligible for increased pension on the basis of need for regular aid and at-tendance. Signed on March 9, 2018. (Public Law 115–131) H.R. 4533, to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care Sys-tem’’ and to make certain other designations. Signed on March 9, 2018. (Public Law 115–132) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Central Command and United States Africa Command in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine the cyber posture of the Services in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open ses-sion, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on investing in next generation broadband, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hear-ings to examine rebuilding infrastructure in America, fo-cusing on state and local transportation needs, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine state fragility, growth, and development, focusing on designing policy approaches that work, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the Freedom of Information Act, focusing on the Admin-istration’s progress on reforms and looking ahead, 10:15 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR8.REC D12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD254 March 12, 2018 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1116, the ‘‘TAILOR Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4263, the ‘‘Regulation At Improvement Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4545, the ‘‘Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 13 through March 16, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of S. 2155, Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: March 13, to hold hearings to examine United States Central Command and United States Africa Command in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. March 13, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine the cyber posture of the Services in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. March 14, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine Department of Energy atomic energy defense activities and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine United States Pacific Command in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 13, Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, In-novation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on invest-ing in next generation broadband, 10 a.m., SR–253. March 13, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on state and local transportation needs, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. March 14, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on Ad-ministration perspectives, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 13, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the In-terior, 10 a.m., SD–366. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Theodore J. Garrish, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (International Affairs), and James Edward Campos, of Nevada, to be Director of the Office of Minority Economic Impact, both of the Depart-ment of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 14, to hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘the Agriculture Creates Real Employment (ACRE) Act’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: March 13, to hold hear-ings to examine state fragility, growth, and development, focusing on designing policy approaches that work, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. March 14, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine Somalia’s current se-curity and stability status, 10 a.m., SD–419. March 14, Subcommittee on Multilateral International Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hearings to examine food security, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of State and redesign plans, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: March 15, to hold hearings to examine perspectives on the 340B Drug Discount Program, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Indian Affairs: March 14, to hold an over-sight hearing to examine opioids in Indian country, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: March 13, to hold hearings to examine the Freedom of Information Act, focusing on the Administration’s progress on reforms and looking ahead, 10:15 a.m., SD–226. March 14, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine the Parkland shooting and legislative pro-posals to improve school safety, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. March 15, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mex-ico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Cir-cuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Dela-ware, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Fed-eral Claims, Jonathan F. Mitchell, of Washington, to be Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, and William M. McSwain, to be United States At-torney for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Matthew D. Harris, to be United States Marshal for the District of Utah, Johnny Lee Kuhlman, to be United States Mar-shal for the Western District of Oklahoma, Joseph D. McClain, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Indiana, and David A. Weaver, to be United States Marshal for the District of Colorado, all of the De-partment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: March 14, business meeting to consider S. 526, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, S. 791, to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property education and training for small businesses, S. 1538, to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR8.REC D12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D255 March 12, 2018 Small Business Act to establish awareness of, and tech-nical assistance for, the creation of employee stock owner-ship plans, S. 1961, to amend the Small Business Act to temporarily reauthorize certain pilot programs under the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, S. 1995, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to im-prove the number of small business investment companies in underlicensed States, S. 2283, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, S. 2419, to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business assistance services under the SBIR and STTR programs, S. 2527, to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies, and the nominations of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Administration, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: March 14, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple vet-erans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: March 13, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Lieutenant General Paul M. Nakasone, to be Director of the National Security Agen-cy, Department of Defense, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, March 14, Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the U.S. Air Force, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. March 14, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclama-tion, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Transportation, 9:30 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the U.S. Army, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. March 15, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Veterans Affairs, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hear-ing on the Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of the Inspector General, Department of Agriculture, 1:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Space Warfighting Readiness: Policies, Authorities, and Capabilities’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 14, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Air Force FY 2018 Budget Request for Sea Power and Projection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. March 14, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review and Assessment of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for Department of Defense Science and Technology Programs’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Security Challenges in Europe and Posture for Inter-state Com-petition with Russia’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Re-quest on Air Force Airborne Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) Programs’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Ray-burn. March 15, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for National Security Space Programs’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, March 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘CBO Oversight: Perspectives from Out-side Experts’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 15, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Access and Accountability to Work in Welfare Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 14, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Moderniza-tion: Legislation Addressing Cybersecurity and Emer-gency Response’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. March 14, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of Animal Drug User Fees: ADUFA and AGDUFA’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, March 14, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Cryptocurrencies and ICO Mar-kets’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating CFIUS: Administra-tion Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Fi-nance, hearing entitled ‘‘After the Breach: the Monetiza-tion and Illicit Use of Stolen Data’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. March 16, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Enforcement’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, March 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Export Controls: Pro-tecting Cutting-Edge Technology and U.S. National Se-curity’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. March 15, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 644, strongly condemning the slave auctions of migrants and refugees in Libya, and for other purposes; H.R. 4681, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR8.REC D12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD256 March 12, 2018 ‘‘No Assistance for Assad Act’’; H.R. 4744, the ‘‘Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act’’; and H. Con. Res. 111, recognizing and supporting the ef-forts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Fe´de´ration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup competition to Canada, Mexico, and the United States, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, March 14, Sub-committee on Transportation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the President’s FY 2019 Budget Request for the Transportation Security Adminis-tration’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. March 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Prepared-ness, Response, and Rebuilding: Lessons from the 2017 Disasters’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. March 15, Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Se-curity, hearing entitled ‘‘Bang for the Border Security Buck: What do we get for $33 billion?’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, March 16, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Pris-ons’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, March 14, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 401, to designate the mountain at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes; H.R. 3008, the ‘‘George W. Bush Childhood Home Study Act’’; H.R. 4609, the ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4851, the ‘‘Kennedy-King Establishment Act of 2018’’; S. 35, the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Ex-pansion Act’’; and S. 466, a bill to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National Forest, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. March 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Policy Priorities at the Department of the Interior and the Ad-ministration’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Proposal’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. March 15, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing entitled ‘‘Abandoned Hardrock Mines and the Role of Non-Governmental Entities’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Shining Light on the Federal Regulatory Process’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 14, Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘State of Play: Federal IT in 2018’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 15, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 50, the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1339, the ‘‘Freedom from Government Competition Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2846, the ‘‘Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4809, the ‘‘GOOD Act’’; legislation on the Office of Govern-ment Information Services Empowerment Act of 2018; H.R. 1376, the ‘‘Electronic Message Preservation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3303, the ‘‘First Responder Fair RETIRE Act’’; H.R. 4446, to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 2979, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4890, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Build-ing’’; H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’; S. 931, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’; H.R. 1496, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4040 West Washington Boulevard in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’; and H.R. 3184, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCormick Road in Charlottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of Fed-eral Permitting Processes’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, March 14, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4061, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4293, the ‘‘Stress Test Improvement Act of 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, March 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘National Laboratories: World-Leading Innovation in Science’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. March 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Over-view of the National Science Foundation Budget Proposal for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, March 14, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4743, the ‘‘Small Business 7(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5178, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Small Business Contracting Assistance Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3170, the ‘‘Small Business Development Center Cyber Training Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4668, the ‘‘Small Business Advanced Cybersecurity Enhancements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2655, the ‘‘Small Business Innovation Pro-tection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5236, the ‘‘Main Street Employee Ownership Act of 2018’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 14, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Fiscal Year 2019 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR8.REC D12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D257 March 12, 2018 Budget Request for the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Programs’’, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Water Resources and En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century In-frastructure for America: Water Resources Projects and Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, March 15, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘FY 2019 Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Request for the Veterans Health Administration’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, March 14, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing entitled ‘‘Post Tax Reform Evalua-tion of Recently Expired Tax Provisions’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: March 14, organizational business meeting to con-sider committee rules for the second session of the 115th Congress, 10 a.m., SD–215. Joint Hearing: March 14, Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR8.REC D12MRPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD258 March 12, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S. 2155, Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, March 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12MR8.REC D12MRPT1